--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
Dated 16 September 2022 
 
 
 
TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V. 
(a private company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands, with its corporate seat in  
Amsterdam, the Netherlands) 
and 
TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC. 
(a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act) 
and 
TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED 
(ABN 48 002 435 181, a company registered in New South Wales and incorporated with limited liability in Australia) 
and 
TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION 
(a corporation incorporated in California, United States) 
€60,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes with maturities of one month or longer 
Under this €60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) each of 
Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V. (“TMF”), Toyota Credit Canada Inc. (“TCCI”), Toyota 
Finance Australia Limited (“TFA”) and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation (“TMCC”) (each an “Issuer” 
and together, the “Issuers”) may from time to time, and subject to applicable laws and regulations, issue 
debt securities (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer of such Notes (the 
“relevant Issuer”) and the relevant Purchaser(s) (as defined below). 
Toyota Motor Corporation (the “Parent” or “TMC”), the ultimate parent company of the Issuers, 
has entered into a Credit Support Agreement and Supplemental Credit Support Agreements (collectively 
the “TMC Credit Support Agreement”), each governed by Japanese law, with Toyota Financial Services 
Corporation (“TFS”), a holding company which oversees the management of Toyota’s finance companies 
worldwide, including the Issuers.  TFS has, in turn, entered into a Credit Support Agreement with each 
of the Issuers, each governed by Japanese law, in respect of issues of Notes by each of the Issuers.  None 
of these Credit Support Agreements will provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee in respect 
of payments on the Notes.  TMC’s obligations under the TMC Credit Support Agreement rank pari passu 
with its direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations.  These Credit Support 
Agreements are more fully described in “Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with TMC”. 
The Notes will have maturities of one month or longer (or such other minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body (however called)) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency) and, subject as set 
out in this Prospectus, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding will not exceed €60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) calculated as 
described in this Prospectus. 
The Notes will be issued to, and offered through, one or more of the Dealers specified on page 208 
and any additional Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a “Dealer” and 
together the “Dealers”) on a continuing basis.  Notes may also be issued to third parties other than 
Dealers.  Dealers and such third parties are referred to as “Purchasers”. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of 
these risks see “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 
This Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) constitutes a base prospectus (a “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and the UK Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Prospectus.  References 
throughout this document to “Prospectus” shall be taken to read “Base Prospectus” for such purpose. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the United Kingdom (“UK”) Financial 
Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the 
“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).  The FCA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the UK Prospectus 
Regulation.  Such approval by the FCA should not be considered as an endorsement of any Issuer, the 
Parent, TFS or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus.  Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland 
(“CBI”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The 
CBI only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval by the CBI should not be considered 
as an endorsement of any Issuer, the Parent, TFS or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application will be made to the FCA for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the official list maintained by the FCA 
(the “UK Official List”) and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”) for such 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market. 
Application will also be made to the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the 
date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Irish Official List”) and 
to trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market and have been 
admitted to the UK Official List or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have 
been admitted to the Irish Official List.  The London Stock Exchange’s main market is a UK regulated 
market for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”).  Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). 
The senior long-term debt of the Issuers, the Issuers, TFS and TMC have been rated A1 by 
Moody’s Japan K.K. (“Moody’s Japan”) (in respect of TMF, TFA, TFS and TMC), by Moody’s 
Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) (in respect of TCCI and TMCC), A+ by S&P Global Ratings, 
acting through S&P Global Ratings Japan Inc. (“Standard & Poor’s Japan”) (in respect of all of the 
Issuers, TFS and TMC) and A+ by Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”) (in respect of TMCC).  Moody’s 
Japan, Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s Japan and Fitch are not established in the European Union or the 
UK and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”) or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”), respectively.  However, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH has 
endorsed the ratings of Moody’s Japan and Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited has 
endorsed the ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has endorsed the 
ratings of Fitch, in accordance with the CRA Regulation and Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. has 
endorsed the ratings of Moody’s Japan and Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited has endorsed 
the ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch Ratings Ltd has endorsed the ratings of Fitch, in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and its rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating applicable to the senior long-term debt of the Issuers.  Whether or not each credit

--- Page 3 ---
Page 3 
 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under CRA Regulation or established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Prospectus supersedes any previous Offering Circular or Prospectus issued by the Issuers.  
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date hereof are issued subject to the provisions 
set out in this Prospectus.  This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.  
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
ANZ 
BMO Capital Markets  
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe 
ING 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
Morgan Stanley 
Nomura 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
CIBC Capital Markets 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
MUFG 
RBC Capital Markets 
SMBC Nikko 
TD Securities 
UniCredit

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4 
 
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document is a base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) that relates to the Programme under which each 
Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed by the relevant Issuer of 
such Notes and the relevant Dealer(s).  Each of the Issuers is the beneficiary of certain credit support 
arrangements.  TMC, the ultimate parent company of the Issuers, has entered into the TMC Credit 
Support Agreement with TFS, a holding company which oversees the management of Toyota’s finance 
companies worldwide, including the Issuers.  TFS has, in turn, entered into a Credit Support Agreement 
with each of the Issuers in respect of issues of Notes by each of the Issuers.  None of these Credit Support 
Agreements will provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee in respect of payments on the Notes.  
These arrangements support the credit ratings of the relevant Issuer’s securities and provide a substantial 
benefit to each of the Issuers.  This Prospectus contains information describing the business activities of 
each Issuer, TFS and TMC as well as certain financial information and material risks faced by them.  
This Prospectus, including documents listed within which are deemed to be incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus, is intended to provide the necessary information which is material to an investor for 
making an informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and 
prospects of each Issuer and TMC, (ii) the rights attaching to the Notes, and (iii) the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year from the date hereof and may be supplemented from time to time 
to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in it. 
What types of Notes does this Prospectus relate to? 
This Prospectus relates to the issuance of three different types of Notes: Fixed Rate Notes, on which the 
Issuer will pay interest at a fixed rate; Floating Rate Notes, on which the Issuer will pay interest at a 
floating rate; and Zero Coupon Notes, which do not bear interest.  Notes may also be issued as a 
combination of these options. 
Where are the contractual terms of any particular Notes located? 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Notes will be comprised of the terms and conditions 
set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 111 to 157 of this Prospectus (the “Conditions”), 
as completed by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to that issuance of Notes (the “Final 
Terms”). 
The Conditions are comprised of numbered provisions (1 – 19) including generic provisions that are 
applicable to Notes generally and certain optional provisions that will only apply to certain issuances of 
Notes. 
The following provisions within the Conditions (together with the introductory wording appearing before 
Condition 1 on pages 111 to 113) apply to Notes generally: 
• 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer) 
• 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the Credit Support Agreements) 
• 
Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) 
• 
Condition 7 (Taxation) 
• 
Condition 8 (Prescription) 
• 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) 
• 
Condition 10 (Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons) 
• 
Condition 11 (Agent and Paying Agents, Registrar and Transfer Agents) 
• 
Condition 12 (Exchange of Talons) 
• 
Condition 13 (Consolidation or Merger) 
• 
Condition 14 (Substitution) 
• 
Condition 15 (Meetings, Modifications and Waivers)

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 
 
• 
Condition 16 (Notices) 
• 
Condition 17 (Further Issues) 
• 
Condition 18 (Disapplication) 
• 
Condition 19 (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction) 
The following Conditions contain certain optional provisions that will only apply to certain issuances of 
Notes: 
• 
Condition 4 (Interest) 
• 
Condition 5 (Payments) 
• 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
The applicable Final Terms will specify which optional provisions apply to any particular issuance of 
Notes. 
What other documents should I read? 
This Prospectus contains the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects 
of each Issuer and TMC, (ii) the rights attaching to the Notes, and (iii) the reasons for the issuance and 
its impact on the relevant Issuer.  Some of this information (such as the latest publicly available financial 
information relating to each Issuer and TMC) is incorporated by reference in the Prospectus and some of 
this information is completed in the Final Terms.  Before making any investment decision in respect 
of any Notes, you should read this Prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by 
reference, as well as the Final Terms relating to such Notes. 
Copies of the Prospectus will be made available at: 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
While this Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Final Terms is the document that 
sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. 
The Final Terms will contain the relevant economic terms applicable to any particular issuance of Notes.  
The Final Terms will contain, for example: 
• 
the issue date; 
• 
the currency; 
• 
the interest basis (i.e. fixed rate, floating rate or zero coupon) and the interest rate (if any); 
• 
the interest payment dates (if any); 
• 
the scheduled maturity date and redemption amount; and 
• 
any other information needed to complete the Conditions (identified in the Conditions by the 
words “as specified in the applicable Final Terms” or other equivalent wording). 
Wherever the Conditions provide optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify which of those 
provisions apply to a specific issuance of Notes. 
Is any part of this Prospectus relevant to particular types of Note only? 
This Prospectus includes information that is relevant to all types of Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme, however, certain sections of this Prospectus are relevant to particular types of Notes only. 
As described above, certain of the Conditions provide optional provisions that will only apply to certain 
issuances of Notes.  The Final Terms will specify which optional provisions within the Conditions will 
apply to a specific issuance of Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 
 
What if I have further queries relating to this Prospectus and the Notes? 
Please refer to “How do I use this Prospectus” below.  If you have any questions regarding the content 
of this Prospectus, any Final Terms and/or any Notes or the actions you should take, it is recommended 
that you seek professional advice from your broker, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial 
adviser before deciding whether or not to invest.

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 
 
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS? 
You should read and understand fully the contents of this Prospectus, including any documents 
incorporated by reference, and the relevant Final Terms before making any investment decision in respect 
of any Notes.  This Prospectus contains important information about the Issuers, TFS and TMC and 
Toyota, the terms of the Notes and the terms of the Credit Support Agreements, as well as describing 
certain risks relating to the Issuers and Toyota and their businesses and also other risks relating to an 
investment in the Notes generally.  TMC is the ultimate parent company of the Issuers and TMC and its 
consolidated subsidiaries are described in this Prospectus as “Toyota”.  An overview of the various 
sections comprising this Prospectus is set out below. 
The “Important Information” section contains important information regarding the basis on which this 
Prospectus may be used including sections relating to making public offers of Notes in the European 
Economic Area and the UK as well as important information relating to offers of Notes generally. 
The “Risk Factors” section describes the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of 
the Issuers to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and in respect of Toyota. 
The “Information About the Programme” section provides an overview of the Programme in order to 
assist the reader. 
The “Documents Incorporated by Reference” section sets out the information that is deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  This Prospectus should be read together with all 
information which is deemed to be incorporated into this Prospectus by reference. 
The “General Description of the Programme” section also provides an overview of the Programme. 
The “Form of the Notes” section provides a summary of certain terms of the global Notes which apply 
to the Notes while they are held in global form by the clearing systems. 
The “Form of Final Terms” sections set out the templates for the Final Terms that the relevant Issuer will 
prepare and publish when offering any Notes under the Programme.  Any such completed Final Terms 
will detail the relevant information applicable to each respective offer, amended to be relevant only to 
the specific Notes being offered. 
The “Programme Memorandum” section on pages 95 to 110 of this Prospectus sets out the template for 
the Issue Terms document (“Issue Terms”) that the relevant Issuer will prepare when offering any 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market and/or Notes for which no prospectus 
is required to be published under the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation (“Exempt 
Notes”).  The FCA and the CBI have neither approved nor reviewed information contained in the 
Programme Memorandum in connection with any such unlisted or Exempt Notes.  Any such 
completed Issue Terms will detail the relevant information applicable to each respective offer, amended 
to be relevant only to the specific Notes being offered. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” section sets out the terms and conditions which apply to any 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  The relevant Final Terms relating to any offer of Notes 
will complete the terms and conditions of those Notes and should be read in conjunction with the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” section. 
The “PRC Currency Controls” section provides a general description of certain applicable currency 
controls in the People’s Republic of China relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
The “Use of Proceeds” section describes the manner in which each Issuer intends to use the proceeds 
from issues of Notes under the Programme. 
The “Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V.” section provides certain information about Toyota 
Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., as well as the nature of its business. 
The “Toyota Credit Canada Inc.” section provides certain information about Toyota Credit Canada Inc., 
as well as the nature of its business. 
The “Toyota Finance Australia Limited” section provides certain information about Toyota Finance 
Australia Limited, as well as the nature of its business. 
The “Toyota Motor Credit Corporation” section provides certain information about Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation, as well as the nature of its business.

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 
 
The “Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with the Parent” section provides certain information with 
respect to the Credit Support Agreements, the Credit Support Agreement between TFS and TMC and, in 
turn, the Credit Support Agreements between TFS and each of the Issuers. 
The “Toyota Financial Services Corporation” section provides certain information about Toyota 
Financial Services Corporation, as well as the nature of its business. 
The “Toyota Motor Corporation” section provides certain information about Toyota Motor Corporation, 
as well as the nature of Toyota’s business. 
The “Taxation” section provides a brief outline of certain taxation implications regarding Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme, as well as certain other taxation considerations which may be relevant 
to the Notes. 
The “Subscription and Sale” section contains a description of the material provisions of the Programme 
Agreement, which includes certain selling restrictions applicable to making offers of the Notes under the 
Programme. 
The “General Information” section sets out further information on each Issuer, TFS and TMC and the 
Programme which each Issuer, TFS and TMC are required to include under applicable rules.  This 
includes the availability for inspection of certain documents relating to the Programme, confirmations 
from each Issuer, TFS and TMC and details regarding the listing of the Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Prospectus to (a) the “Prospectus Regulation” 
refer to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; and (b) the “UK Prospectus Regulation” refer to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of TMF (the “TMF Base Prospectus”) includes all information 
contained within this Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference, except for (i) any information relating to each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC and the Annual 
Financial Reports of each of TCCI and TFA and TMCC’s Annual Report and TMCC’s Quarterly Report 
under paragraphs (b), (c) and (d), respectively, of “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and (ii) the 
descriptions of TCCI, TFA and TMCC on pages 166 to 178, and each of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s 
statements with respect to litigation and their statements of no significant change and no material adverse 
change. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of TCCI (the “TCCI Base Prospectus”) includes all information 
contained within this Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference, except for (i) any information relating to each of TMF, TFA and TMCC and the Annual 
Financial Reports of each of TMF and TFA and TMCC’s Annual Report and TMCC’s Quarterly Report 
under paragraphs (a), (c) and (d), respectively, of “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and (ii) the 
descriptions of TMF, TFA and TMCC on pages 164 to 165 and pages 167 to 178, and each of TMF’s, 
TFA’s and TMCC’s statements with respect to litigation and their statements of no significant change 
and no material adverse change. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of TFA (the “TFA Base Prospectus”) includes all information 
contained within this Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference, except for (i) any information relating to each of TMF, TCCI and TMCC and the Annual 
Financial Reports of each of TMF and TCCI and TMCC’s Annual Report and TMCC’s Quarterly Report 
under paragraphs (a), (b) and (d), respectively, of “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and (ii) the 
descriptions of TMF, TCCI and TMCC on pages 164 to 166 and pages 171 to 178, and each of TMF’s, 
TCCI’s and TMCC’s statements with respect to litigation and their statements of no significant change 
and no material adverse change. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of TMCC (the “TMCC Base Prospectus”) includes all information 
contained within this Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference, except for (i) any information relating to each of TMF, TCCI and TFA and the Annual 
Reports of each of TMF, TCCI and TFA under paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” and (ii) the descriptions of TMF, TCCI and TFA on pages 164 to 170, and each of TMF’s, 
TCCI’s and TFA’s statements with respect to litigation and their statements of no significant change and 
no material adverse change. 
TMF accepts responsibility for the information contained in the TMF Base Prospectus, TCCI 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in the TCCI Base Prospectus, TFA accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in the TFA Base Prospectus and TMCC accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in the TMCC Base Prospectus.  To the best of the knowledge 
of (i) TMF with respect to the TMF Base Prospectus, (ii) TCCI with respect to the TCCI Base Prospectus, 
(iii) TFA with respect to the TFA Base Prospectus and (iv) TMCC with respect to the TMCC Base 
Prospectus, the information contained therein is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
Each of TFS and the Parent accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus 
insofar as such information relates to itself and the relevant Credit Support Agreements to which it is 
party described in “Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with the Parent”. 
To the best of the knowledge of each of TFS and the Parent, the information about itself and the 
relevant Credit Support Agreements to which it is a party described in “Relationship of TFS and the 
Issuers with the Parent” is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of each Issuer is valid for a period of twelve months from its date 
of approval.  Each Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in its Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to its Base Prospectus.  The obligation to prepare a

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 
 
supplement to each Issuer’s Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when its Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, the interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes 
and the issue price of Notes applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be listed 
on the UK Official List and to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market, will 
be delivered to the FCA and the London Stock Exchange and with respect to Notes to be listed on the 
Irish Official List and to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, will be delivered 
to Euronext Dublin, in each case on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche.  The 
Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange or market including any other market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) 
that is not an EEA regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, or Notes may be unlisted Notes and/or 
not admitted to trading on any market, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Purchaser(s) in relation to each issue of Exempt Notes and the terms of such Exempt Notes may be set 
out in Issue Terms under the programme memorandum contained herein (the “Programme 
Memorandum”) on pages 95 to 110 of this Prospectus.  The FCA and the CBI have neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in the Programme Memorandum in connection with Exempt 
Notes.  References to Final Terms should be read as Issue Terms in connection with Exempt Notes. 
As used herein, “Series” means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues 
expressed to form a single series with the original issue and the terms of which (save for the Issue Date, 
the amount and the date of the first payment of interest thereon, and the date from which interest starts 
to accrue and/or the Issue Price (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms)) are identical (including the 
Maturity Date, Interest Basis, Redemption/Payment Basis and Interest Payment Dates (if any) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and whether or not the Notes are admitted to trading) and 
expressions “Notes of the relevant Series” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  As 
used herein, “Tranche” means all Notes of the same Series with the same Issue Date and Interest 
Commencement Date (if applicable) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each of TCCI and TMCC, subject to applicable laws and regulations, may agree to issue Notes in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”), in the case of TCCI, substantially in the form scheduled to the 
TCCI Note Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and, in the case 
of TMCC, substantially in the form scheduled to the TMCC Note Agency Agreement (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”).  With respect to each Tranche of Registered Notes issued by 
TCCI, TCCI has appointed a transfer agent and registrar and a paying agent and may appoint other or 
additional transfer agents and paying agents either generally or in respect of a particular Series of 
Registered Notes.  With respect to each Tranche of Registered Notes issued by TMCC, TMCC has 
appointed a transfer agent and registrar and a paying agent and may appoint other or additional transfer 
agents and paying agents either generally or in respect of a particular Series of Registered Notes. 
In the case of Notes to be admitted to the UK Official List and admitted to trading on the London 
Stock Exchange’s main market, copies of the Final Terms will be delivered to the FCA and the London 
Stock Exchange and will be available at https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-
news/market-news-home.html.  In the case of Notes to be admitted to the Irish Official List and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, copies of the Final Terms will be delivered to the CBI 
and Euronext Dublin and will be available at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Copies of the 
Final Terms will also be available from the specified office of the Agent (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) named as issuing and principal paying agent for the Programme (but not from 
a paying agent named for a particular Series of Notes) save that, if a Tranche of Notes is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or the UK nor offered in the EEA or in the UK in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or Section 
85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”), the applicable Final 
Terms will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or more of such Notes and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
Any reference in this document to the Prospectus means this document and the documents 
(excluding all information incorporated by reference in any such documents either expressly or implicitly 
and excluding any information or statements included in any such documents either expressly or 
implicitly that is or might be considered to be forward looking) that are incorporated in, and form part 
of, this document.  Each Issuer believes that none of the information incorporated herein by reference 
conflicts in any material respect with the information included in this Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 
 
Each Issuer confirms that, if at any time after the preparation of this Prospectus and before the 
commencement of dealings in or issue of any Notes being admitted to the UK Official List or the Irish 
Official List or offered to the public in the EEA or in the UK, there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus within the meaning 
of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, the relevant 
Issuer shall give to Merrill Lynch International, as the Arranger, and the Dealers full information about 
such change or matter and shall publish a supplementary prospectus (“Supplementary Prospectus”) as 
may be required by the CBI and the FCA, and shall otherwise comply with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation in that regard. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in or 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any other information provided by any of the Issuers in 
connection with the Notes.  The Dealers accept no liability in relation to the information contained in or 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any other information provided by any of the Issuers in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in, not incorporated by reference in or not consistent with this Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuers or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) is or is intended to 
be nor should be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion (or a report of either of these 
things) by any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer 
and, if appropriate, the Parent and TFS.  Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers to any person to purchase any of the Notes. 
The delivery of this Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained in or 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus concerning any of the Issuers or the Parent or TFS is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Prospectus or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Parent or TFS or their subsidiaries during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 IN THE EEA AND UK PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES IN THE UK 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Notes in Relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a “Non-exempt Offer”.  
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes.  However, any 
person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”) may only do so if this Prospectus has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and 
published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that the relevant Issuer has consented 
to the use of its Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under “Consent given in 
accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)” and the conditions attached 
to that consent are complied with by the person making the Non-exempt Offer of such Notes. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, each Issuer accepts responsibility, in each Relevant 
Member State for which the consent to use its Base Prospectus extends, for the content of its Base

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 
 
Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made 
by any person (an “offeror”) to whom the relevant Issuer has given consent to the use of its Base 
Prospectus in that connection, provided that the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by 
the relevant offeror (an “Authorised Offeror”).  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out 
below. 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and neither the relevant Issuer nor any 
of the Dealers has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the relevant Issuer nor 
any Dealer has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the relevant Issuer 
has not consented to the use of its Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-
exempt Offer of Notes.  Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is 
unauthorised and neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for the 
relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus in the context of the Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  
If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus and/or 
who is responsible for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes, and provided that the applicable Final Terms specifies 
an Offer Period, each Issuer consents to the use of its Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
the consent is only valid during the Offer Period so specified; 
(ii) 
the only offerors authorised to use the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus to make the 
Non-exempt Offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes are the Managers or relevant 
Dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms, and: 
(a)  
if the applicable Final Terms names financial intermediaries authorised to 
make such Non-exempt Offers, the financial intermediaries so named; and/or 
(b) 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms, any financial intermediary which 
is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and which has been 
authorised directly or indirectly by the relevant Issuer or any of the Managers 
(on behalf of the relevant Issuer) to make such offers, provided that such 
financial intermediary states on its website (I) that it has been duly appointed 
as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes during the 
Offer Period, (II) it is relying on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus for 
such Non-exempt Offer with the consent of the relevant Issuer and (III) the 
conditions attached to that consent; 
(iii) 
the consent only extends to the use of the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus to make 
Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in each Public Offer Jurisdiction 
(as defined below) specified in paragraph 9 of Part B of the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iv) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in paragraph 9 of Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Any offeror falling within sub-paragraph (ii)(b) above who meets all of the other conditions 
stated above and who wishes to use the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-
exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website 
(i) that it has been duly appointed as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes 
during the Offer Period, (ii) it is relying on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus for such Non-
exempt Offer with the consent of the relevant Issuer and (iii) the conditions attached to that 
consent.  The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within twelve months 
from the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 
 
Restrictions on UK Public Offers in the UK 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
Section 85 of the FSMA to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a “UK Public Offer”.  
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits UK Public Offers.  However, any person 
making or intending to make a UK Public Offer of Notes in the UK may only do so if the relevant Issuer 
has consented to the use of its Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under “Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)” and the 
conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the UK Public Offer of such 
Notes. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a UK Public Offer of Notes, each Issuer accepts responsibility, in the UK, for the 
content of its Base Prospectus in relation to any person (a “UK Investor”) who purchases Notes in a UK 
Public Offer made by any person (a “UK offeror”) to whom the relevant Issuer has given consent to the 
use of its Base Prospectus in that connection, provided that the conditions attached to that consent are 
complied with by the relevant UK offeror (a “UK Authorised Offeror”).  The consent and conditions 
attached to it are set out below. 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by a UK 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any UK Public Offer and neither the relevant Issuer nor any of 
the Dealers has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that UK Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the relevant Issuer nor 
any Dealer has authorised the making of any UK Public Offer by any UK offeror and the relevant Issuer 
has not consented to the use of its Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any UK Public 
Offer of Notes.  Any UK Public Offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is unauthorised 
and neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the 
persons making any such unauthorised offer.   
If, in the context of a UK Public Offer, a UK Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not a 
UK Authorised Offeror, the UK Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible 
for the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus in the context of the UK Public Offer and, if so, who that person 
is.  If the UK Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus 
and/or who is responsible for its contents, the UK Investor should take legal advice. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes, and provided that the applicable Final Terms specifies 
an Offer Period, each Issuer consents to the use of its Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a UK Public Offer of such Notes, subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
the consent is only valid during the Offer Period so specified; 
(ii) 
the only offerors authorised to use the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus to make the 
UK Public Offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes are the Managers or relevant Dealers 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and: 
(a)  
if the applicable Final Terms names financial intermediaries authorised to 
make such UK Public Offers, the financial intermediaries so named; and/or 
(b) 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms, any financial intermediary which 
is authorised to make such offers under the FSMA and which has been 
authorised directly or indirectly by the relevant Issuer or any of the Managers 
(on behalf of the relevant Issuer) to make such offers, provided that such 
financial intermediary states on its website (I) that it has been duly appointed 
as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes during the 
Offer Period, (II) it is relying on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus for 
such UK Public Offer with the consent of the relevant Issuer and (III) the 
conditions attached to that consent; 
(iii) 
the consent only extends to the use of the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus to make 
UK Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in the UK; and

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 
 
(iv) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in paragraph 9 of Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Any offeror falling within sub-paragraph (ii)(b) above who meets all of the other conditions 
stated above and who wishes to use the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus in connection with a UK 
Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website 
(i) that it has been duly appointed as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes 
during the Offer Period, (ii) it is relying on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus for such UK 
Public Offer with the consent of the relevant Issuer and (iii) the conditions attached to that consent.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within twelve months from the 
date of this Prospectus. 
Public Offer Jurisdictions 
The Issuers may request the CBI to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a “passport”) in relation to the passporting of this Prospectus to the 
competent authorities of Austria, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway and Spain 
(the “Host Member States”).  Even if the Issuers passport this Prospectus into the Host Member States, 
it does not mean that the relevant Issuer will choose to consent to any Non-exempt Offer in any such 
Host Member State or Ireland or consent to any UK Public Offer in the UK (together, the “Public 
Offer Jurisdictions”).  Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Notes for the Public 
Offer Jurisdictions the relevant Issuer may have selected as such Notes may only be offered to UK 
Investors as part of a UK Public Offer in the UK or to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in the 
other Public Offer Jurisdictions, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OR IN A UK PUBLIC OFFER FROM 
A UK AUTHORISED OFFEROR, WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES 
TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR, OR TO A UK INVESTOR BY SUCH 
UK AUTHORISED OFFEROR, WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS 
AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
AND SUCH INVESTOR OR SUCH UK AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH UK INVESTOR, 
INCLUDING 
AS 
TO 
PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES 
AND 
SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS.  THE RELEVANT ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
TERMS AND ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SUCH UK INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE UK 
PUBLIC OFFER, OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER’S BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT 
CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION.  THE INVESTOR AND THE UK INVESTOR MUST LOOK 
TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR OR THE RELEVANT UK AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND/OR THE 
RELEVANT UK AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION.  NEITHER THE RELEVANT ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER (EXCEPT 
WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND/OR THE 
RELEVANT UK AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY 
TO AN INVESTOR OR A UK INVESTOR, IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Save as provided above, no Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes or UK Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of 
the Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA.  For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
UK.  For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification  
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, each of the Issuers has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 
 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes to be issued under the Programme may be calculated 
by reference to certain reference rates such as the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (“CDOR”), the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”) or the 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (“NIBOR”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) and/or Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”).  If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and/or the FCA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
respectively.  Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms.  The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuers do not 
intend to update any applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Notes which are the subject of a UK Public Offer, a Non-exempt Offer, admitted to trading 
on the London Stock Exchange’s main market and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA shall be issued with a minimum denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions.  Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions.  In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United 
Kingdom, Belgium, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Japan, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Hong 
Kong, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” (which for the purposes of Notes issued under the 
Programme, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China, 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan)), Singapore 
and Switzerland (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
None of the Issuers or the Dealers represent that this Prospectus or any of the offering material 
relating to the Programme or any Notes issued thereunder may be lawfully distributed, or that any of the 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary 
in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers or the Dealers (save for approval 
of this Prospectus by the CBI) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material relating to the Programme or any Notes issued thereunder may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that all offers and sales 
by them will be made on the same terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act, or an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available (see “Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers 
or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction and so 
agrees, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such parent company or affiliate on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform the services for, the Issuers and 
their affiliates (including the Parent and TFS) and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the 
sector in which the Issuers and/or their affiliates operate.  
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of 
the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a “retail client” within the 
meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the “Australian Corporations Act”) 
and is also a person in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian 
Corporations Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with 
applicable law in any jurisdiction in which the person may be located. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to “European Economic Area” and “EEA” refer to the European 
Economic Area consisting of the Member States of the European Union (“EU”) and Iceland, Norway 
and Liechtenstein, and to “UK” refer to the United Kingdom, those to “U.S. Dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, 
“U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States of America, those to “Canadian Dollars”, 
“Canadian dollars” and “C$” refer to the currency of Canada, those to “Australian Dollars”, “Australian 
dollars”, “AUD” and “A$” refer to the currency of Australia, those to “New Zealand Dollars”, “New 
Zealand dollars”, “NZD” refer to the currency of New Zealand, those to “Hong Kong Dollars”, “Hong 
Kong dollars” and “HKD” to the currency of Hong Kong, those to “Japanese Yen”, “Japanese yen”, 
“JPY” and “¥” refer to the currency of Japan, those to “Renminbi”, “RMB”, “CNY” and “CNH” refer to 
the lawful currency of the PRC, those to “EUR”, “Euro”, “euro” and “€” refer to the lawful currency of

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 
 
the Member States of the EU that adopt or have adopted the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, those to “Norwegian 
Kroner” and “NOK” refer to the currency of Norway, those to “Swedish Krona” and “SEK” refer to the 
currency of Sweden and those to “Sterling”, “British pound”, “Pounds Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” refer to 
the currency of the UK. 
Unless the source is otherwise stated, the market, economic and industry data in this Prospectus 
about each of the Issuers, TMC and TFS constitutes the relevant Issuer’s, TMC’s and TFS’s estimates, 
respectively, using underlying data from various industry sources where appropriate.  Each Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the market, economic and industry data contained in this Prospectus.  The market, 
economic and industry data has been extracted from various industry and other independent and public 
sources, the publications in which they are contained generally state that the information they contain has 
been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such 
information is not guaranteed.  Each Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by any such industry and 
other independent and public sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.  Confirmation of the ratings of the senior long-term debt of the Issuers 
has been provided by each of Moody’s Japan, Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s Japan and Fitch. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, any Dealer or Dealers acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions, outside Australia and New Zealand respectively and not on a 
market operated in Australia or New Zealand respectively, with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 19 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
Page 19 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................... 54 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 56 
FORM OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................ 57 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 (OR EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EEA OR UK 
REGULATED MARKET (AND NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING 
ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE 
ACCESS) ................................................................................................................................. 62 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY) TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EEA OR UK 
REGULATED MARKET (OTHER THAN A REGULATED MARKET, OR A 
SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) AND/OR OFFERED TO THE 
PUBLIC ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS IN THE EEA OR THE UK ..................................... 77 
PROGRAMME MEMORANDUM AND FORM OF ISSUE TERMS ................................................. 95 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 111 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS .......................................................................................................... 158 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 163 
TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V. (“TMF”) .................................................... 164 
TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC. (“TCCI”) ................................................................................... 166 
TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED (“TFA”) (ABN 48 002 435 181) .............................. 167 
TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION (“TMCC”) ................................................................ 171 
RELATIONSHIP OF TFS AND THE ISSUERS WITH THE PARENT ............................................ 179 
TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION (“TFS”) ........................................................ 182 
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION (“TMC”) .................................................................................. 185 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 194 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 208 
GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................... 221

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should consider carefully the factors and risks associated with any investment in 
the Notes, the business of each of the Issuers, TFS and Toyota and the industry in which each of the 
Issuers, TFS and Toyota operates, together with all other information contained in this Prospectus 
including, in particular, the risk factors described below. 
Each Issuer, TFS and the Parent believes that the following factors may affect, in the case of each 
Issuer, its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or, in the case of TFS 
and the Parent, its obligations under the Credit Support Agreements.  All of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. If any of these risks occur, the business, financial condition 
and performance of each Issuer, TFS and the Parent could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of 
the Notes could decline. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer, TFS and the Parent believes that the factors described below represent the material 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of each Issuer to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes or, in the case of TFS and the 
Parent, to perform the obligations under the Credit Support Agreements, may occur for other reasons. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuers, TFS and Toyota that are not currently 
known to each of the Issuers, TFS and Toyota, or that are currently deemed to be immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on an Issuer’s, the TFS group’s, and/or 
Toyota’s business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition and, if any such risk should 
occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Factors that may affect each Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme and, in the case of TFS and the Parent, its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Credit Support Agreements 
Unless otherwise specified in this section: 
“Toyota” means TMC and its consolidated subsidiaries; and 
in respect of TMCC, “voluntary protection operations” – means the marketing, underwriting, and claims 
administration for voluntary vehicle and payment protection products sold by dealers in the U.S. through 
Toyota Motor Insurance Services, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of TMCC) and its insurance company 
subsidiaries (collectively called “TMIS”).  TMCC’s voluntary vehicle and payment protection products 
include vehicle service, guaranteed auto protection, prepaid maintenance, excess wear and use, tyre and 
wheel protection, key replacement protection and used vehicle limited warranty contracts (“voluntary 
protection products”). TMIS also provides coverage and related administrative services to certain of 
TMCC’s affiliates in the U.S. 
Each Issuer, TFS and Toyota may be exposed to certain risks and uncertainties that could have a 
material adverse impact directly or indirectly on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  There may be additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to each Issuer, TFS and 
Toyota or that it currently considers immaterial that may also have a material adverse impact on its 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
TFS is a holding company 
TFS is a holding company and is completely dependent on the performance of its financial services 
subsidiaries (including each of the Issuers) and affiliates.  The main business of TFS as a holding 
company is formulating the plans and strategies of the financial business, management of earnings and 
risk management of Toyota’s finance companies and the promotion of efficient financial business.  Its 
principal assets are the shares in its 74 consolidated subsidiaries and nine affiliates.  Consequently, TFS 
is dependent on the economic, financial and operating results of its financial services subsidiaries and 
affiliates and is therefore indirectly exposed to the same risks as those faced by its financial services 
subsidiaries and affiliates, including each of the Issuers.  Any deterioration in the business, financial 
condition or results of operations of the financial services subsidiaries and affiliates of TFS or their ability 
or willingness to pay dividends to TFS would also materially adversely affect the financial condition or 
results of operations of TFS.

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 
 
TMF is a group finance company (unlike TCCI, TFA and TMCC which are sales finance 
companies) 
TMF’s principal activity is to act as a group finance company for some of the subsidiaries and 
affiliates of TMC and TFS.  TMF raises funds by issuing bonds and notes in the international capital 
markets which have the benefit of the credit support arrangements stated below (see “Each Issuer’s 
borrowing costs and access to the unsecured debt capital markets depends significantly on the credit 
ratings of each Issuer and its parent companies and their credit support arrangements”) and from other 
sources and on-lends to other Toyota companies.  TMF also provides guarantees for debt issuances of 
certain other Toyota companies and such guarantees issued by TMF also have the benefit of the same 
credit support arrangements.  TMF’s role as a financing vehicle exposes it to a variety of financial risks 
that include credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk.  TMF has 
in place a risk management programme that seeks to limit the adverse effects on its financial performance 
of those risks by entering into agreements to exchange collateral, matching foreign currency assets and 
liabilities and through the use of financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, cross-currency 
swaps and foreign currency contracts, to manage interest rate and foreign currency risk. 
TMF has no control over how the other Toyota companies to which TMF on-lends funds source 
their financing.  TMF competes with other providers of finance to such Toyota companies and any 
increases in competitive pressures, such as cost of funding, could have an adverse impact on TMF’s 
financing volume, revenues and margins.  Further, the financial condition of the Toyota companies to 
which TMF on-lends funds or provides guarantees in respect of their debt issuances, may have an impact 
on the financial services TMF provides to such Toyota companies.  This could have an adverse impact 
on TMF’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Industry and Business Risks 
Risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks faced by each of the Issuers have had and may 
continue to have material adverse effects on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows 
Each Issuer faces various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, including the 
global outbreak of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”).  Although global economies have begun to recover 
from the COVID-19 pandemic as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine 
distribution has increased, the COVID-19 pandemic has led, and may continue to lead, to periodic 
disruption and volatility in the global capital markets and in the economies of many countries, including 
in the jurisdiction of each of the Issuers. 
The negative economic conditions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic have continued to 
impact certain financial results of TCCI, TFA and TMCC during the financial year ended 31 March 2022, 
including for TCCI a decrease in the percentage of distributor sales financed by TCCI due to lower dealer 
inventory levels, which has resulted in lower levels of subvention and incentives, for TFA including but 
not limited to a decrease in financing volume due to lower dealer inventory levels (global supply 
challenges), which has resulted in lower levels of subvention and incentives as well as increased 
competition from financial institutions, and for TMCC including continued elevated allowance for credit 
losses on TMCC’s retail loan portfolio primarily due to expected credit losses and a decrease in financing 
volume due to lower dealer inventory levels, which has resulted in lower levels of subvention and 
incentives as well as increased competition from financial institutions. 
The long-term and ultimate impacts of the social, economic and financial disruptions caused by 
the COVID-19 pandemic are unknown.  The ultimate duration or possible resurgence of the COVID-19 
pandemic or similar public health issues is also uncertain.  Further, if new strains of COVID-19 develop 
or sufficient amounts of vaccines are not available, not widely administered for a significant period of 
time, not used by consumers, or otherwise prove ineffective, the impact of COVID-19 on the global 
economy, and, in turn, on each of the Issuer’s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations 
could be material.  The extension of curtailed economic activities as a result of further outbreaks of 
COVID-19, extended or additional government restrictions intended to slow the spread of the virus, 
delayed consumer response as restrictions are lifted, or permanent behaviour changes in consumer 
spending, could have further negative impacts on consumer economics, dealerships and auction sites, 
which could have a material adverse impact on Toyota’s, including each Issuer’s, future results of 
operations.  In addition, a possible resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic may subject Toyota, including 
each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC to, among several other things, increased delinquencies and defaults by 
its customers and dealers, the reinstatement of certain payment relief options, closures of manufacturing 
plants by Toyota, and disruption among the supply chain and with other third-party vendors.

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 
 
General business, economic and geopolitical conditions, as well as other market events, may adversely 
affect each Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
Each Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition are affected by a variety of factors, 
including changes in the overall market for retail contracts, wholesale motor vehicle financing, leasing 
or dealer financing, the new and used vehicle market, changes in the level of sales of Toyota, Lexus, 
private label vehicles or other vehicles in Toyota’s (including TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s) markets, the 
rate of growth in the number and average balance of customer accounts, the finance industry’s regulatory 
environment in the countries in which Toyota (including TCCI, TFA and TMCC) conducts business, 
competition from other financiers, rate of default by its customers, the interest rates it is required to pay 
on the funding it requires to support its business, amounts of funding available to an Issuer, changes in 
the funding markets, its credit ratings, the success of efforts to expand Toyota’s (including TCCI’s, 
TFA’s and TMCC’s) product lines, levels of an Issuer’s operating and administrative expenses 
(including, but not limited to, labour costs, technology costs and premises costs (including costs 
associated with reorganisation or relocation, in the case of TMCC)), general economic conditions, 
inflation, consequences from changes in tax laws, fiscal and monetary policies in the country in which 
each of the Issuers conducts its business as well as in the United States, Europe and other countries in 
which they each issue debt.  Further, a significant and sustained increase in fuel prices could lead to 
lower new and used vehicle purchases.  This could reduce the demand for motor vehicle retail, lease and 
wholesale financing.  In turn, lower used vehicle values could affect return rates, amounts written off 
and, in the case of TFA and TMCC, depreciation on operating leases and, in the case of TCCI and TFA, 
lease residual value provisions. 
Adverse economic conditions in the country in which each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC conducts 
its business may lead to diminished consumer and business confidence, inflation, lower household 
incomes, increases in unemployment rates, higher consumer debt levels as well as higher consumer and 
commercial bankruptcy filings, any of which could adversely affect vehicle sales and discretionary 
consumer spending.  These conditions may decrease the demand for TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s 
financing products, as well as increase defaults and credit losses.  In addition, as credit exposures of 
TCCI, TFA or TMCC are generally collateralised by vehicles, the severity of losses can be particularly 
affected by the decline in used vehicle values.  Dealers are also affected by an economic slowdown and 
recession which increases the risk of default of certain dealers within TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s dealer 
portfolios. 
Elevated levels of market disruption and volatility globally could increase each Issuer’s cost of 
capital and adversely affect its ability to access the international capital markets and fund its business in 
a similar manner, and at a similar cost, to the funding raised in the past.  These market conditions could 
also have an adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of each of the Issuers by 
diminishing the value of TMCC’s and TFA’s investment portfolios and increasing each of the Issuers 
cost of funding.  If, as a result, the Issuers increase the rates they charge their customers and, in the case 
of TCCI, TFA and TMCC, dealers, the competitive position of each of the Issuers could be negatively 
affected. 
Challenging market conditions may result in less liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit 
spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets.  Changes in investment markets, including 
changes in interest rates, exchange rates and returns from equity, property and other investments, will 
affect (directly or indirectly) the financial performance of each of the Issuers. 
During a continued and sustained period of market disruption and volatility: 
• there can be no assurance that each of the Issuers will continue to have access to the capital 
markets in a similar manner and at a similar cost as it has had in the past; 
• issues of debt securities by each of the Issuers may be undertaken at spreads above benchmark 
rates that are greater than those on similar issuances undertaken during prior periods; 
• each of the Issuers may be subject to over-reliance on a particular funding source or a 
simultaneous increase in funding costs across a broad range of sources; and 
• the ratio of an Issuer’s short-term debt outstanding to total debt outstanding may increase if 
negative conditions in the debt markets lead such Issuer to replace some maturing long-term 
liabilities with short-term liabilities (for example, commercial paper). 
Any of these developments could have an adverse effect on an Issuer’s results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 
 
Geopolitical conditions and other market events may also impact an Issuer’s results of operations 
and financial condition.  Restrictive exchange or import controls or other disruptive trade policies, 
disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, adverse changes to tax 
laws and regulations, social unrest, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities (including the current 
conflict in Ukraine), health epidemics and other outbreaks, climate-related risks, and acts of terrorism, 
could lead to, among other things, declines in market liquidity and activity levels, delays or cancellations 
of payments due to TMF in respect of loans made by TMF to its affiliates due to regulatory restrictions, 
volatile market conditions, a contraction of available credit, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates, 
weaker economic growth, and reduced business confidence on an international level, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the relevant Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Each Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition are substantially dependent upon the sale 
of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles as well as their ability to offer competitive financing 
products, for TFA, insurance products and, for TMCC, voluntary protection products 
Each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC provide a variety of finance and, in the case of TFA, insurance 
products and, in the case of TMCC, voluntary protection products, to authorised Toyota, Lexus and 
private label dealers and their customers in Canada, Australia and the United States, respectively.  
Accordingly, each of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s business is substantially dependent upon the sale of 
Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles in Canada, Australia and the United States, respectively.  TMF’s 
business is also dependent upon the performance of Toyota companies to which TMF grants loans and/or 
in respect of which it provides guarantees and, thereby, sales of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles 
by Toyota companies. 
TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s business depends on its relationships with various vehicle 
distributors (each, a “Distributor”) including Toyota Canada Inc., Toyota Motor Corporation Australia 
Limited and Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc., a subsidiary of Toyota Motor North America, Inc., which 
are the primary distributors of Toyota and Lexus vehicles in Canada, Australia and the United States, 
respectively. 
Changes in the volume of Distributor sales or the volume of distributor sales by other Toyota 
distributors may result from governmental action, changes in governmental regulation or trade policies, 
changes in consumer demand, new vehicle incentive programmes, recalls, the actual or perceived quality, 
safety or reliability of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles, changes in economic conditions, 
inflation, increased competition, increases in the price of vehicles due to increased raw material costs, 
changes in import fees or tariffs on raw materials or imported vehicles, changes to, or withdrawals from, 
trade agreements, currency fluctuations, fluctuations in interest rates, and decreased or delayed vehicle 
production due to extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, supply chain interruptions, including 
shortages of parts, components or raw materials, or other events.  For example, the COVID-19 pandemic 
and restrictions intended to slow the spread of COVID-19 have continued to adversely affect the business 
of TMCC’s affiliate, Toyota Motor North America, Inc., TCCI and TFA and the Issuers’ ultimate parent, 
TMC, in a number of ways, including a decrease in new inventory resulting from production halts and 
supply shortages.  Any negative impact on the volume of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicle sales 
could have a material adverse effect on an Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
While Distributors conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles 
and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside the control of Distributors affect the 
success of new or existing products and services in the market-place.  Offering vehicles and services that 
customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, 
but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of product mix, price, 
quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) and the level of availability of 
products and services that are desirable can exacerbate these risks.  With increased consumer 
interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to 
quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively 
impact the reputation of Distributors or market acceptance of its products or services, even where such 
allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. 
In addition, the volume of Distributor sales may also be affected by Toyota’s ability to successfully 
grow through investments in the area of emerging opportunities such as mobility and connected services, 
vehicle electrification, fuel cell technology and autonomy, which depends on many factors, including 
advancements in technology, regulatory changes and other factors that are difficult to predict. 
Each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC operates in a highly competitive environment and competes with 
other financial institutions and, to a lesser extent, other motor vehicle manufacturers’ affiliated finance

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 
 
companies primarily through service, quality, TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s relationship with Distributors 
and financing rates. 
Certain financing products offered by each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC may be subsidised by 
Distributors.  The Distributors sponsor special subsidies and incentives on certain new and used Toyota 
and Lexus vehicles that result in reduced monthly payments by qualified customers for finance products.  
Support amounts received from Distributors in connection with these programmes approximate the 
amounts required by each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC to maintain yields and product profitability at levels 
consistent with standard products. 
Each of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s ability to offer competitive financing and, in the case of 
TFA, insurance products and, in the case of TMCC, voluntary protection products, in Canada, Australia 
and the United States, respectively, depend in part on the level of Distributor sponsored subsidies, cash, 
and contractual residual value support incentive programme activity, which varies based on a 
Distributor’s marketing strategies, economic conditions, and the volume of vehicle sales, among other 
factors.  Any negative impact on the level of Distributor sponsored subsidy, cash, and contractual residual 
value support incentive programmes could in turn have a material adverse effect on each of TCCI’s, 
TFA’s and TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in consumer behaviour could affect the automotive industry, Toyota including each of the 
Issuers, and as a result, their business, results of operations and financial condition 
A number of trends are affecting the automotive industry.  These include a market shift from cars 
to sport utility vehicles (“SUVs”) and trucks, high demand for incentives, the rise of mobility services 
such as vehicle sharing and ride hailing, the development of autonomous and alternative-energy vehicles, 
the impact of demographic shifts in attitudes and behaviours toward vehicle ownership and use, the 
development of flexible alternatives to traditional financing and leasing such as subscription service 
offerings, changing expectations around the vehicle buying experience, increased focus on climate-
related initiatives and regulation, adjustments in the geographic distribution of new and used vehicle 
sales, and advancements in communications and technology.  Any one or more of these trends could 
adversely affect the automotive industry, a Distributor and Toyota, and could in turn have an adverse 
impact on an Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Recalls and other related announcements by Toyota or private label companies could decrease the 
sales of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles, which could affect the business, results of operations 
and financial condition of an Issuer 
Toyota, or other manufacturers of the vehicles TCCI, TFA or TMCC finance, including 
Distributors, periodically conducts vehicle recalls, which could include temporary suspensions of sales 
and production of certain Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicle models.  Because each of TCCI’s, 
TFA’s and TMCC’s businesses are substantially dependent upon the sale of Toyota and Lexus vehicles, 
and as TMF’s business is also dependent upon the performance of Toyota companies to which TMF 
grants loans and/or in respect of which it provides guarantees, such events could adversely affect the 
business, results of operations and financial condition of each of the Issuers. 
A decrease in the level of sales, including as a result of the actual or perceived quality, safety or 
reliability of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles or a change in standards of regulatory bodies, will 
have a negative impact on the level of each Issuer’s financing volume, TFA’s insurance products volume, 
TMCC’s voluntary protection products volume and each of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s earning assets 
and net financing revenues and, in the case of TFA, insurance revenues and, in the case of TMCC, 
voluntary protection contract revenues and insurance earned premiums.  The credit performance of each 
of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s dealer and consumer portfolios may also be adversely affected.  In 
addition, a decline in the values of used Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles would have a negative 
effect on residual values and return rates, which, in turn, could increase each of TFA’s and TMCC’s 
depreciation expenses, TCCI’s lease residual value provisions and each of TFA’s, TCCI’s and TMCC’s 
credit losses.  Further, certain Toyota affiliated entities, including certain of TMCC’s affiliated entities 
and Toyota Canada Inc., are or may become subject to litigation and governmental investigations, and 
have been or may become subject to fines or other penalties.  These factors could affect sales of Toyota, 
Lexus and private label vehicles and, accordingly, could have a negative effect on each Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 
 
If an Issuer is unable to compete successfully or if competition increases in the businesses in which it 
operates, an Issuer’s results of operations could be negatively affected 
Each of the Issuers operates in a highly competitive environment.  None of the Issuers has control 
over how Toyota dealers source financing for their customers.  Competitors of the Issuers include 
commercial banks, credit unions and other financial institutions.  To a lesser extent, the Issuers compete 
with other motor vehicle manufacturers’ affiliated finance companies.  In addition, online financing 
options provide consumers with alternative financing sources.  Increases in competitive pressures could 
have an adverse impact on contract volume, market share, net financing revenues, margins and, in the 
case of TFA, insurance revenues and margins and, in the case of TMCC, voluntary protection contract 
revenues and insurance earned premiums.  Further, the financial condition and viability of competitors 
and peers of the Issuers may have an adverse impact on the financial services industry in which each of 
the Issuers operates, resulting in a decrease in demand for its products and services.  This could have an 
adverse impact on the volume of each Issuer’s business and its results of operations. 
A failure or interruption in the operations of an Issuer could adversely affect its results of operations 
and financial condition 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from, among other factors, lack of established 
processes, inadequate or failed processes, systems or internal controls, theft, fraud, extreme weather 
conditions, natural disasters (such as wildfires or bushfires, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes 
(including an increase in the frequency of such conditions and disasters as the result of climate change)) 
or other catastrophes (including without limitation, explosions, terrorist attacks, riots, civil disturbances, 
health epidemics and other outbreaks) that could affect each of the Issuers. 
Operational risk can occur in many forms including, but not limited to, errors, business 
interruptions, failure of controls, failure of systems or other technology, deficiencies in an Issuer’s 
insurance risk management programme or voluntary protection product operations risk management 
programme, inappropriate behaviour or misconduct by employees of, or those contracted to perform 
services for, an Issuer and vendors that do not perform in accordance with their contractual agreements.  
These events can potentially result in financial losses or other damages to an Issuer, including damage 
to reputation. 
Each of the Issuers has established business recovery plans to address interruptions in its 
operations but can give no assurance that these plans will be adequate to remedy all events that an Issuer 
may face.  A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of the critical business 
or information technology systems of an Issuer could harm its ability to conduct normal business 
operations. 
Each of the Issuers relies on a framework of internal controls designed to provide a sound and 
well-controlled operating environment.  Due to the complex nature of each Issuer’s business and the 
challenges inherent in implementing control structures across large organisations, control issues may be 
identified in the future that could have an adverse effect on each Issuer’s operations. 
In the financial year 2021, TMCC announced the restructuring of its customer service operations 
to better serve its customers by relocating and streamlining the customer service operation and investing 
in new technology.  The restructuring is in progress, and TMCC plans to complete the process of moving 
its three regional customer service centres to be co-located with the regional dealer service centres by the 
end of financial year 2023.  TMCC can give no assurance that the restructuring of its customer service 
operations will be completed as planned or within the expected timing or budget, and the expected 
benefits may not be fully realised due to associated disruption to customer service operations and 
personnel.  In addition, many parts of TMCC’s business, including software, technology, marketing and 
finance, are dependent on key personnel.  Competition for such employees is intense, which may increase 
TMCC’s operating and administrative expenses and lead to other changes including flexible work 
arrangements and other considerations.  TMCC’s future success depends on its ability to retain existing, 
and attract, hire and integrate new key personnel and other necessary employees.  Any failure to do so 
could adversely affect TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
TMCC’s private label financial services for third-party automotive and mobility companies may 
expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial 
condition 
On 1 April 2020, TMCC began providing private label financial services to third-party automotive 
and mobility companies commencing with the provision of services to Mazda Motor of America, Inc. 
(“Mazda America”).  Pursuant to TMCC’s agreement with Mazda America, TMCC currently offers

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 
 
exclusive private label automotive retail, lease, voluntary protection products and dealer financing 
products and services, marketed under the brands Mazda Financial Services and Mazda Protection 
Products to Mazda America customers and dealers in the United States.  TMCC’s agreement with Mazda 
America is for an initial term of approximately five years.   
In the  financial year 2022, TMCC announced, in furtherance of its private label financial services 
initiative for third party automotive and mobility companies, that it entered into a nonbinding letter of 
intent with Great American Outdoors Group LLC, the parent company of Bass Pro Shops, Cabela’s and 
the White River Marine Group (“Bass Pro Shops”) to provide private label financial services for Bass 
Pro Shop’s boats, all-terrain vehicle products, and other mobility products.  TMCC began to provide 
inventory financing for Bass Pro Shops, its affiliates and authorised independent dealers in financial year 
2023, with additional private label services, including consumer financing and voluntary protection 
products and services, to be added over time. 
TMCC is currently leveraging its existing processes and personnel to originate and service the 
new assets, however, TMCC will continue to evaluate the private label financial services business, which 
may include partnering with, or transitioning the business to, its affiliates, some of which are not 
consolidated with TMCC. 
Although TMCC intends to leverage its strengths and capabilities to serve and retain new private 
label customers, it may encounter additional costs and may fail to realise the anticipated benefits of its 
private label financial services programme.  The provision and/or servicing of wholesale and retail 
financing to private label dealers and customers may result in additional credit risk exposure, which, if 
TMCC is unable to appropriately monitor and mitigate, may result in an adverse effect on its results of 
operations and financial condition.  TMCC’s private label finance services may also expose it to 
additional operating risks related to consumer demand for private label vehicles or mobility products, the 
profitability and financial condition of private label companies, the level of the private label incentivised 
retail financing, recalls announced by the private label companies and the perceived quality, safety or 
reliability of the private label vehicles or mobility products, and changes in prices of the private label 
used vehicles and their effect on residual values of the private label off-lease vehicles and return rates, 
each of which may adversely affect TMCC’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Sales of Subaru Vehicles - TCCI 
In addition to TCCI’s principal business of providing finance products to authorised Toyota and 
Lexus dealers and their customers in Canada, TCCI also provides finance products to authorised Subaru 
dealers and their customers pursuant to an arrangement that TCCI has entered into with Subaru Canada, 
Inc. (“Subaru Canada”). 
The provision of retail and wholesale financing to Subaru Canada dealers and customers may 
result in additional credit risk exposure, which if TCCI is unable to appropriately monitor and mitigate, 
may result in an adverse effect on TCCI’s results of operations and financial condition.  The provision 
of retail and wholesale financing to Subaru Canada dealers and customers may also expose TCCI to 
additional operating risks related to consumer demand for Subaru Canada vehicles, the profitability and 
financial condition of Subaru Canada, the level of Subaru Canada’s incentivised retail financing, recalls 
announced by Subaru Canada and the perceived quality, safety or reliability of Subaru Canada vehicles, 
and changes in prices of Subaru Canada used vehicles and their effect on residual values of Subaru 
Canada off-lease vehicles and return rates, each of which may adversely affect TCCI’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
TFA’s provision of private label financial services to Mazda and Suzuki dealers and customers 
TFA and Australian Alliance Automotive Finance Pty Limited (“AAAF”), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of TFA, entered into arrangements with Mazda Australia Pty Limited (“Mazda Australia”) 
and with Suzuki Australia Pty Ltd (“Suzuki Australia”) and AAAF provides retail and dealer financial 
products and services to Mazda Australia and Suzuki Australia dealers and customers in Australia. 
Although TFA intends to leverage its strengths and capabilities to serve and retain new private 
label customers, it may encounter additional costs and may fail to realise the anticipated benefits of its 
private label financial services programme.  The provision and/or servicing of wholesale and retail 
financing to private label dealers and customers may result in additional credit risk exposure, which if 
TFA is unable to appropriately monitor and mitigate, may result in an adverse effect on TFA’s results of 
operations and financial condition.  The provision of wholesale and retail financing to private label 
dealers and customers may also expose TFA to additional operating risks related to consumer demand 
for private label vehicles, the profitability and financial condition of private label companies, the level

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 
 
of the private label incentivised retail financing, recalls announced by the private label companies and 
the perceived quality, safety or reliability of the private label vehicles, and changes in prices of the private 
label used vehicles and their effect on residual values of the private label off-lease vehicles and return 
rates, each of which may adversely affect TFA’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Financial Market and Economic Risks 
Each Issuer’s borrowing costs and access to the unsecured debt capital markets depends significantly 
on the credit ratings of each Issuer and its parent companies and their credit support arrangements 
The credit ratings for notes, bonds and commercial paper issued by each of the Issuers, depend, in 
large part, on the existence of the credit support arrangements with TFS and TMC described in 
“Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with the Parent” and on the results of operations and financial 
condition of TMC and its consolidated subsidiaries.  If these arrangements (or replacement arrangements 
acceptable to the rating agencies) are not available to the Issuers, or if the credit ratings of TMC and TFS 
as credit support providers were lowered, the credit ratings for notes, bonds and commercial paper issued 
by each of the Issuers would be adversely impacted. 
Credit rating agencies which rate the credit of TMC and its affiliates, including TFS and the 
Issuers, may qualify or alter ratings at any time.  Global economic conditions, including the ongoing 
impact of COVID-19 and other geopolitical factors may directly or indirectly affect such ratings.  Any 
downgrade in the sovereign credit ratings of the United States or Japan may directly or indirectly have a 
negative effect on the ratings of TMC, TFS and each of the Issuers.  Downgrades or placement on review 
for possible downgrades could result in an increase in borrowing costs for each of the Issuers as well as 
reduced access to the domestic and international capital markets.  These factors would have a negative 
impact on an Issuer’s competitive position, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
A disruption in funding sources and access to the capital markets would have an adverse effect on 
liquidity 
Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability to meet obligations in a timely manner when 
they become due.  The liquidity strategy of each of the Issuers is to maintain the capacity to fund assets 
and repay liabilities in a timely and cost-effective manner even in adverse market conditions.  Disruption 
in an Issuer’s funding sources may adversely affect its ability to meet its obligations as they become due.  
An inability to meet obligations in a timely manner would have a negative impact on an Issuer’s ability 
to refinance maturing debt and fund new asset growth and would have an adverse effect on its results of 
operations and financial condition. 
TCCI, TFA and TMCC - allowances for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses, which 
may adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition 
TCCI, TFA and TMCC maintain an allowance for credit losses to cover expected credit losses as 
of the balance sheet date resulting from the non-performance of its customers and dealers under their 
contractual obligations.  The determination of the allowance involves significant assumptions, complex 
analyses, and management judgment and requires TCCI, TFA and TMCC to make significant estimates 
of current credit risks using existing qualitative and quantitative information.  Actual results may differ 
from estimates or assumptions.  For example, TCCI, TFA and TMCC review and analyse external 
factors, including changes in economic conditions, actual or perceived quality, safety and reliability of 
Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles, unemployment levels, the used vehicle market, customer debt 
levels (in the case of TCCI and TMCC) and consumer behaviour, among other factors.  Internal factors, 
such as purchase quality mix and operational changes are also considered.  A change in any of these 
factors would cause a change in estimated expected credit losses.  As a result, TCCI’s, TFA’s and 
TMCC’s allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s actual 
losses.  In addition, changes in accounting rules and related guidance, new information regarding existing 
portfolios, and other factors, both within and outside of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s control, may require 
changes to the allowance for credit losses.  A material increase in TCCI’s, TFA’s or TMCC’s allowance 
for credit losses may adversely affect TCCI’s, TFA’s or TMCC’s results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Use of models, estimates and assumptions –if the design, implementation or use of models is flawed 
or if actual results differ from estimates or assumptions, the results of operations and financial 
condition of an Issuer could be materially and adversely affected 
Each of the Issuers uses quantitative models, estimates and assumptions to price products and 
services, measure risk, estimate asset and liability values, assess liquidity, manage its balance sheet and

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 
 
otherwise conduct its business and operations.  If the design, implementation, or use of any of these 
models is flawed or if actual results differ from the relevant Issuer’s estimates or assumptions, it may 
adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.  In addition, to the extent that any 
inaccurate model outputs are used in reports to regulatory agencies or the public, the relevant Issuer could 
be subjected to supervisory actions, litigation, and other proceedings that may adversely affect its 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
An Issuer’s assumptions and estimates often involve matters that require the exercise of its 
management’s judgment, are inherently difficult to predict and are beyond the Issuer’s control (for 
example, macro-economic conditions).  In addition, such assumptions and estimates often involve 
complex interactions between a number of dependent and independent variables, factors, and other 
assumptions.  As a result, an Issuer’s actual experience may differ materially from these estimates and 
assumptions.  A material difference between the estimates and assumptions and the actual experience 
may adversely affect the relevant Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Fluctuations in the valuation of investment securities or investment market prices could negatively 
affect net financing revenues and results of operations – TFA and TMCC 
Investment market prices, in general, are subject to fluctuation, which may result from perceived 
changes in the underlying characteristics of the investment, the relative price of alternative investments, 
geopolitical conditions, or general market conditions.  Negative fluctuations in the fair value of equity 
investments and credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities may adversely affect TFA’s or 
TMCC’s net financing revenues and results of operations.  Additionally, the amount realised in the 
subsequent sale of an investment may significantly differ from the reported market value and could 
negatively affect the net financing revenues and other revenues of TFA or TMCC. 
TCCI, TFA and TMCC - a decrease in the residual values of off-lease vehicles and a higher number 
of returned lease assets could negatively affect its results of operations and financial condition 
Residual value represents an estimate of the end of term market value of a leased asset.  Residual 
value risk is the risk that the estimated residual value at lease origination will not be recoverable at the 
end of the lease term.  Each of TCCI, TFA and TMCC is subject to residual value risk on lease products, 
where the customer may return the financed vehicle on termination of the lease agreement.  The risk 
increases if the number of returned lease assets is higher than anticipated and/or the loss per unit is higher 
than anticipated.  Fluctuations in the market value of leased assets subsequent to lease origination may 
introduce volatility in TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s profitability, through residual value provisions, gains 
or losses on disposal of returned assets and/or, in the case of TFA and TMCC, increased depreciation 
expense. 
Factors which can impact the market value of vehicle assets include local, regional and national 
economic conditions, inflation, new vehicle pricing, new vehicle incentive programmes, new vehicle 
sales, the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of Toyota and Lexus vehicles, future plans for 
new Toyota, Lexus and private label product introductions, competitive actions and behaviour, product 
attributes of popular vehicles, the mix of used vehicle supply, the level of current used vehicle values, 
inventory levels and fuel prices heavily influence used vehicle values and thus the actual residual value 
of off-lease vehicles.  Differences between the actual residual values realised on leased vehicles and 
TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s estimates of such values at lease origination could have a negative impact 
on such Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.  Actual return volumes may be higher than 
expected which can be impacted by higher contractual lease-end residual values relative to market values, 
a higher market supply of certain models of used vehicles, new vehicle incentive programmes and general 
economic conditions.  The return of a higher number of leased vehicles could also adversely affect 
TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s results of operations and financial condition. 
TFA offers Guaranteed Future Value (“GFV”) loan products which give customers a choice to 
retain their vehicle at the end of the term of the finance contract subject to payment of all money payable 
at the end of the term or to sell their vehicle back to TFA or its nominee for the agreed GFV.  There is 
the risk that the vehicle value at the end of the agreed loan term is less than the GFV.  Fluctuations in the 
market value of these assets (vehicles) subsequent to loan origination may introduce volatility in TFA’s 
profitability, through impairment provisions and/or losses on disposal of returned assets. 
Exposure to credit risk could negatively affect each of the Issuers results of operations and financial 
condition 
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or other party to meet 
the terms of any retail, lease or dealer financing contract or other contract with an Issuer or otherwise fail

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 
 
to perform as agreed.  An increase in credit risk would require a provision, or would increase an Issuer’s 
provision, for credit losses, which would have a negative impact on such Issuer’s results of operations 
and financial condition.  There can be no assurance that an Issuer’s monitoring of credit risk and its 
efforts to mitigate credit risk are, or will be, sufficient to prevent an adverse effect on its results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The level of credit risk on TCCI’s consumer portfolio and each of TFA’s and TMCC’s retail loan 
portfolio is influenced primarily by two factors:  the total number of contracts that default and the amount 
of loss per occurrence, which in turn are influenced by various economic factors, the used vehicle market, 
purchase quality mix, contract term length and operational changes.  The used vehicle market is impacted 
by the supply of, and demand for, used vehicles, interest rates, inflation, new vehicle incentive 
programmes, the manufacturer’s actual or perceived reputation for quality, safety and reliability and the 
general economic outlook. 
The level of credit risk on each of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s dealer portfolio is influenced 
primarily by the financial strength of dealers within that portfolio, dealer concentration, collateral quality 
and other economic factors.  The financial strength of dealers within each of TCCI’s, TFA’s and TMCC’s 
dealer portfolio is influenced by general macroeconomic conditions, the overall demand for new and 
used vehicles and the financial condition of motor vehicle manufacturers, among other factors. 
Economic slowdown and recession in the jurisdiction of the relevant Issuer, extreme weather 
conditions, natural disasters, health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other factors 
increase the risk that a customer or dealer may not meet the terms of a retail, lease or dealer financing or 
other contract with an Issuer or may otherwise fail to perform as agreed.  A weak economic environment 
evidenced by, among other things, unemployment, underemployment and consumer bankruptcy filings, 
may affect the ability of some customers of an Issuer and dealers to make their scheduled payments. 
An Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by 
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and market prices 
Market risk is the risk that changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates cause 
volatility in an Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  An increase in interest 
rates (due to inflationary pressure or other factors) could have an adverse effect on an Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition by increasing the cost of capital and the rates it may charge 
its customers and dealers or other Toyota companies, which could, in turn, decrease an Issuer’s financing 
volumes and market share, thereby resulting in a decline in the competitive position of the relevant Issuer. 
Derivative financial instruments are entered into by each Issuer to economically hedge or manage 
its exposure to market risk.  However, changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and 
market prices cannot always be predicted or hedged. 
Changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates (due to inflationary pressure or other 
factors) could affect an Issuer’s interest expense and the value of its derivative financial instruments, 
which could result in volatility in its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
The transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and the adoption of 
alternative reference rates could adversely impact each Issuer’s business and results of operations  
Each Issuer is, or may become, exposed to LIBOR-based financial instruments, including through 
each Issuer’s financing activities (and in the case of TMCC dealer financing activities), derivative 
contracts, unsecured debt, and in the case of TMCC, secured debt and investment securities. 
The publication of non-U.S. dollar LIBOR rates on a representative basis, as well as the 
publication of the lesser used 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors, ceased as of the end of 
December 2021.  While the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors are expected to continue to 
be published until 30 June 2023, U.S. banking agencies issued guidance that financial institutions should 
cease using U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts after 31 December 2021.  A transition 
away from the widespread use of LIBOR to alternative rates and other potential interest rate benchmark 
reforms has begun and is continuing.  These reforms have caused and may in the future cause such rates 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. 
In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee announced 
SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR.  The composition and characteristics of 
SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR.  As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR or any

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 
 
alternative reference rate will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, 
without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or 
global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events.  With limited 
operating history, it remains unknown whether SOFR will be broadly accepted, whether it will continue 
to evolve, and what the effects of its implementation may be on the markets for financial instruments.  If 
SOFR or another rate does not achieve wide acceptance as the alternative to LIBOR, there likely will be 
disruption to the markets relying on the availability of a broadly accepted reference rate. 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, as of January 2018, its 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based 
transition to SONIA over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that 
SONIA was established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
SONIA is based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay 
to borrow sterling overnight from other financial institutions and other institutional investors and in 
relation to Notes is determined by reference to a compounded daily rate or a compounded index rate.  In 
each case such rate will differ from sterling LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that compounded daily rate is a risk-free overnight non-term rate, whereas sterling LIBOR is 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending.  Sterling LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference rates.  The 
use of SONIA as a reference rate is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
financial instruments referencing SONIA. 
To facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates, each Issuer has 
established an initiative led by senior management, with board and committee oversight.  As a result of 
this initiative, each Issuer has committed to using SOFR linked rates in connection with various 
borrowing arrangements and the prime rate in connection with various lending arrangements, and each 
Issuer continues to evaluate other alternatives as potential alternative reference rates to LIBOR.  Even if 
an alternative reference rate becomes widely accepted, the Issuers may continue to be subject to risk on 
outstanding instruments which rely on LIBOR.  Those risks arise in connection with transitioning such 
instruments to a new reference rate, the taking of discretionary actions (for example, under fallback 
provisions) or the negotiation of fallback provisions and final amendments to existing LIBOR based 
agreements.  If a contract or instrument is not transitioned to a new reference rate and LIBOR ceases to 
exist, an Issuer may experience increased interest rate risk.  For TCCI, it has only two loans that reference 
the U.S. dollar LIBOR reference rate which will mature before the end of July 2023 and where the U.S. 
dollar LIBOR reference rate will be calculated before the cessation of the U.S. dollar LIBOR reference 
rate on 30 June 2023.  In addition, an Issuer may be dependent on third parties to upgrade their systems, 
software, and other critical functions to assist in its orderly transition from LIBOR, including for new 
agreements.  A failure to properly transition away from LIBOR could expose each Issuer to various 
financial, operational, and regulatory risks, which could have a significant impact on each Issuer’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited, the administrator of CDOR, published a cessation 
notice on 16 May 2022 announcing that the calculation and publication of all tenors of CDOR will 
permanently cease immediately following a final publication on 28 June 2024 (the “CDOR Cessation 
Date”).  Investors should be aware that, when CDOR is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Floating Rate Notes and/or loans that reference CDOR will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes and/or loans.  If, during the term of any 
Floating Rate Notes and/or loans that reference CDOR, CDOR is no longer quoted on the designated 
CDOR page, CDOR will be determined using alternative methods.  Any of these alternative methods 
may result in interest payments on the Floating Rate Notes and/or loans that reference CDOR that are 
different from or do not otherwise correlate over time with the interest payments that would have been 
made on the Floating Rate Notes and/or loans if the designated CDOR page had remained available. 
The additional alternative rates for any Floating Rate Notes and/or loans referencing CDOR are 
uncertain.  There is no assurance that the characteristics of any of the alternative rates for CDOR will be 
similar to those prior to the CDOR Cessation Date, or that any such alternative rate will produce the 
economic equivalent of CDOR.

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 
 
The failure or commercial soundness of an Issuer’s counterparties and other financial institutions 
may have an effect on an Issuer’s liquidity, results of operations or financial condition 
Each of the Issuers has exposure to many different financial institutions and each Issuer routinely 
executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry.  Each Issuer’s debt, derivative and 
investment transactions, and its ability to borrow under committed and uncommitted credit facilities, 
could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions.  An 
Issuer cannot guarantee that its ability to borrow under committed and uncommitted credit facilities will 
continue to be available on reasonable terms or at all.  Deterioration of social, political, employment or 
economic conditions in a specific country or region may also adversely affect the ability of financial 
institutions, including each Issuer’s derivative counterparties and lenders, to perform their contractual 
obligations.  Financial institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, lending or other 
relationships and, as a result, financial and political difficulties in one country or region may adversely 
affect financial institutions in other jurisdictions, including those with which an Issuer has relationships.  
The failure of any of the financial institutions and other counterparties to which an Issuer has exposure, 
directly or indirectly, to perform their contractual obligations, and any losses resulting from that failure, 
may adversely affect an Issuer’s liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
TMCC – its voluntary protection operations could suffer losses if its reserves are insufficient to absorb 
actual losses 
TMCC’s voluntary protection operations are subject to the risk of loss if its reserves for unearned 
voluntary protection contract revenues, and insurance earned premiums on contracts in force are not 
sufficient.  Using historical loss experience as a basis for recognising revenue over the term of the 
contract or policy may result in the timing of revenue recognition varying materially from the actual loss 
development.  TMCC’s voluntary protection operations are also subject to the risk of loss if its reserves 
for reported losses, losses incurred but not reported and loss adjustment expenses are not sufficient.  
Because TMCC uses estimates in establishing reserves, actual losses may vary from amounts established 
in earlier periods as a result of changes in frequency and severity. 
TMCC – it is exposed to risk transfer credit risk which could negatively impact its voluntary protection 
operations 
Risk transfer credit risk is the risk that a reinsurer or other company assuming liabilities relating 
to TMCC’s voluntary protection operations will be unable to meet its obligations under the terms of 
TMCC’s agreement with them.  Such failure of a reinsurer to meet its obligations could result in losses 
to TMCC’s voluntary protection operations and any losses resulting from that failure, may adversely 
affect TMCC’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Regulatory, legal and other risks 
Changes in accounting standards could adversely affect an Issuer’s results of operations and financial 
condition 
The audited financial statements of TMF in the Annual Financial Report for the financial year 
ended 31 March 2022 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”), as adopted by the EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.  The audited financial 
statements of TCCI in the Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 have 
been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  TFA’s audited consolidated financial statements in the Annual 
Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 have been prepared in accordance with 
Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards 
Board (“AASB”) as well as the Australian Corporations Act and comply with IFRS as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).  TMCC’s accounting and financial reporting 
policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
The respective Accounting Standard regulators continue to develop new accounting standards 
where they perceive they are required and to rewrite existing standards where they perceive they can be 
improved.  Any future change may have a beneficial or detrimental impact on the reported earnings of 
an Issuer, where they are adopted by the IASB in the case of TMF and TCCI or, in the case of TFA, by 
the AASB or, in the case of TMCC, by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in the United States 
(“FASB”).  The FASB has proposed new financial accounting standards that may result in significant 
changes that could adversely affect TMCC’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Accounting Standards are periodically revised and/or expanded.  The application of accounting 
principles is also subject to varying interpretations over time.  Accordingly, each Issuer is required to

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 
 
adopt new or revised accounting standards or comply with revised interpretations that are issued from 
time to time by various parties, including accounting standard setters and those who interpret the 
standards, such as the IASB and the FASB as well as the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”).  Those changes could adversely affect an Issuer’s results of operations and 
financial condition. 
A failure or interruption of the information systems of an Issuer could adversely affect its business, 
results of operations and financial condition 
Each of the Issuers relies on its own information systems and third-party information systems to 
manage its operations which creates meaningful operational risk for each Issuer.  Any failure or 
interruption of an Issuer’s information systems or the third-party information systems on which it relies 
as a result of inadequate or failed processes or systems, human error, employee misconduct, catastrophic 
events, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, misplaced or lost 
data, or other events could disrupt its normal operating procedures, damage its reputation and have an 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.  These operational risks may 
be increased as a result of remote or hybrid work arrangements due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In addition, any upgrade or replacement of an Issuer’s existing transaction systems and treasury 
systems could have a significant impact on its ability to conduct its core business operations and increase 
the risk of loss resulting from disruptions of normal operating processes and procedures that may occur 
during and after the implementation of new systems.  For example, the development and implementation 
of new systems and any future upgrades related thereto may require significant expenditure and divert 
management attention and other resources from an Issuer’s core business operations.  There are no 
assurances that such new systems will provide an Issuer with any of the anticipated benefits and 
efficiencies.  There can also be no assurance that the time and resources management will need to devote 
to implementation and upgrades, potential delays in the implementation or upgrade or any resulting 
service interruptions, or any impact on the reliability of an Issuer’s data from any upgrade of its legacy 
system, will not have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
A security breach or a cyber-attack could adversely affect an Issuer’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition 
Each Issuer collects and stores certain personal and financial information from customers, 
employees and other third parties.  Security breaches or cyber-attacks involving an Issuer’s systems or 
facilities, or the systems or facilities of  third-party providers, could expose an Issuer to a risk of loss of 
personal information of customers, employees and third parties or other confidential, proprietary or 
competitively sensitive information, business interruptions, regulatory scrutiny, actions and penalties, 
litigation, reputational harm, a loss of confidence and other financial and non-financial costs, all of which 
could potentially have an adverse impact on an Issuer’s future business with current and potential 
customers, results of operations and financial condition. 
Each Issuer relies on encryption and other information security technologies licensed from third 
parties to provide security controls necessary to help in securing online transmission of confidential 
information pertaining to customers, employees and other aspects of an Issuer’s business.  Advances in 
information system capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or 
developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology that each Issuer uses to protect 
sensitive data.  A party who is able to circumvent these security measures by methods such as hacking, 
fraud, trickery or other forms of deception could misappropriate proprietary information or cause 
interruption to the operations of an Issuer.  An Issuer may be required to expend capital and other 
resources to protect against such security breaches or cyber-attacks or to remedy problems caused by 
such breaches or attacks.  Each Issuer’s security measures are designed to protect against security 
breaches and cyber-attacks, but an Issuer’s failure to prevent such security breaches and cyber-attacks 
could subject it to liability, decrease its profitability and damage its reputation.  Even if a failure of, or 
interruption in, the systems or facilities of an Issuer is resolved in a timely manner or an attempted cyber 
incident or other security breach is successfully avoided or thwarted, it may require the relevant Issuer 
to expend substantial resources or to take actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or 
behaviour and expose the relevant Issuer to reputational harm. 
Each Issuer could also be subjected to cyber-attacks that could result in slow performance and loss 
or temporary unavailability of its information systems.  Information security risks have increased because 
of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile 
devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions, and the increased sophistication and

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 
 
activities of state-sponsored actors, organised crime, perpetrators of fraud, terrorists, and others.  In 
addition, an Issuer may face increased cyber-security risks and increased vulnerability to security 
breaches and other information technology disruptions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
increased remote or hybrid work arrangements among its workforce.  An Issuer may not be able to 
anticipate or implement effective preventative measures against all security breaches of these types, 
especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide 
variety of sources.  The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on an 
Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Each of the Issuers enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, disposal and 
security of personal and financial information of its customers, employees and third-party individuals, 
are subject to increasingly complex, restrictive, and punitive laws and regulations which could 
adversely affect an Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
Under these laws and regulations, the failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in 
consumer complaints, lawsuits and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, as well as 
brand impact or other harm to each Issuer’s business.  In addition, increased consumer sensitivity to real 
or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data practices could damage an Issuer’s reputation and 
deter current and potential customers from using such Issuer’s products and services.  For example, well-
publicised allegations involving the misuse or inappropriate sharing of personal information have led to 
expanded governmental scrutiny of practices relating to the safeguarding of personal information and the 
use or sharing of personal data by companies in the jurisdiction of the relevant Issuer and other countries.  
That scrutiny has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of stricter laws 
and regulations relating to the use and sharing of personal information which if applicable to an Issuer, 
could impact its business.  For example, in the United States, some states have enacted, and others are 
considering enacting, data protection regimes that grant consumers broad new rights including access to, 
deletion of, and limiting the sharing of, personal information that is collected by businesses and requires 
regulated entities to establish measures to identify, manage, secure, track, produce, update and delete 
personal information.  In some jurisdictions, these laws and regulations provide a private right of action 
that would allow customers to bring suit directly against TMCC for certain violations of these laws and 
regulations.  These types of laws and regulations could prohibit or significantly restrict financial services 
providers such as an Issuer from sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as 
vendors, and thereby increase compliance costs, or could restrict each Issuer’s use of personal data when 
developing or offering products or services to its customers.  These restrictions could inhibit an Issuer’s 
development or marketing of certain products or services or increase the costs of offering them to 
customers.  Because many of these laws and regulations are new, there is little clarity as to their 
interpretation, as well as a lack of precedent for the scope of enforcement.  In addition, these laws in the 
United States are state specific and have specific details that are not uniform state-to-state.  The cost of 
compliance with these laws and regulations will be high and is likely to increase in the future.  Any 
failure or perceived failure of an Issuer to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and 
regulations could for an Issuer result in requirements to modify or cease certain of its operations or 
practices, significant liabilities or fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
The regulatory environment in which each of the Issuers operates could have a material adverse effect 
on its business and results of operations 
Regulatory risk is the risk to each of the Issuers arising from the failure or alleged failure to comply 
with applicable regulatory requirements and the risk of liability and other costs imposed under various 
laws and regulations, including changes in applicable law, regulation and regulatory guidance.  See below 
for further discussion of specific regulatory risks relating to TMCC. 
TMCC 
TMCC’s finance and voluntary protection products are regulated under both federal and state 
laws, including those described below.  
Federal Consumer Finance Regulation 
The Equal Credit Opportunity Act is designed to prevent credit discrimination on the basis of 
certain protected classes, requires the distribution of specified credit decision notices and limits the 
information that may be requested and considered in a credit transaction.  The Truth in Lending Act and 
the Consumer Leasing Act place disclosure and substantive transaction restrictions on consumer credit 
and leasing transactions.  The Fair Credit Reporting Act imposes restrictions and requirements regarding 
TMCC’s use and sharing of credit reports, the reporting of data to credit reporting agencies including the

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 
 
accuracy and integrity of information reported, credit decision notices, consumer dispute handling 
procedures and identity theft prevention requirements.  The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act provides 
additional protections for certain customers in the military.  For example, it requires TMCC, in most 
circumstances, to reduce the interest rate charged to customers who have subsequently joined, enlisted, 
been inducted or called to active military duty and also requires TMCC to allow eligible servicemembers 
to terminate their lease agreements with TMCC early without penalty.  The unfair, deceptive and abusive 
practices (“UDAAP”) provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
(“Dodd-Frank Act”) prohibit practices that are unfair, deceptive or abusive towards consumers. 
Federal privacy and data security laws place restrictions on TMCC’s use and sharing of consumer 
data, impose privacy notice requirements, give consumers the right to opt out of certain uses and sharing 
of their data and impose safeguarding rules regarding the maintenance, storage, transmission and 
destruction of consumer data.  Cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and 
regulatory focus.  The timing and effects of potential legislative or regulatory changes to data privacy 
regulations is uncertain. 
In addition, the dealers who originate TMCC’s retail and lease contracts also must comply with 
federal credit and trade practice statutes and regulations.  Failure of the dealers to comply with these 
statutes and regulations could result in remedies that could have an adverse effect on TMCC. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) has broad rulemaking, supervisory and 
enforcement authority over entities offering consumer financial services or products, including non-bank 
companies, such as TMCC (“Covered Entities”). 
The CFPB’s supervisory authority has focused on fair lending compliance, repossessions, debt 
collection, the treatment of customers during the COVID-19 pandemic, credit reporting, and the 
marketing and sale of certain optional products, including voluntary protection products TMCC finances 
or sells through TMIS. 
The CFPB’s supervisory authority permits it to examine Covered Entities for compliance with 
consumer financial protection laws.  These examinations could result in enforcement actions, regulatory 
fines and mandated changes to TMCC’s business, products, policies and procedures.   
The CFPB’s enforcement authority permits it to conduct investigations (which may include a joint 
investigation with other agencies and regulators) of, and initiate enforcement actions related to, violations 
of federal consumer financial protection laws, including discriminatory practices not directly covered by 
the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.  The CFPB has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders (which 
can include orders for restitution or rescission of contracts, as well as other types of affirmative relief), 
or other forms of remediation, and/or impose monetary penalties.  The CFPB and the Federal Trade 
Commission (“FTC”) may investigate the products, services and operations of credit providers, including 
banks and other finance companies engaged in auto finance activities.  As a result of such investigations, 
both the CFPB and FTC have announced various enforcement actions against lenders in the past few 
years involving significant penalties, consent orders, cease and desist orders and similar remedies that, 
if applicable to TMCC or the products, services and operations it offers, may require TMCC to cease or 
alter certain business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, 
financial condition and liquidity. 
State Regulation 
A majority of states (and Puerto Rico) have enacted legislation establishing licensing requirements 
to conduct financing activities.  TMCC must renew these licences periodically.  Most states also impose 
limits on the maximum rate of finance charges, while other state and federal legislatures are also 
discussing an all-in rate cap that would include finance charges plus charges on TMCC’s ancillary 
products such as voluntary protection products.  In certain states, the margin between the present statutory 
maximum interest rates and borrowing costs is sufficiently narrow that, in periods of rapidly increasing 
or high interest rates, there could be an adverse effect on TMCC’s operations in these states if TMCC 
were unable to pass on increased interest costs to its customers.  Some state laws impose rate and other 
restrictions on credit transactions with customers in active military status in addition to those imposed 
by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. 
State laws also impose requirements and restrictions on TMCC with respect to, among other 
matters, required credit application and finance and lease disclosures, late fees and other charges, the 
right to repossess a vehicle for failure to pay or other defaults under the retail or lease contract, other 
rights and remedies TMCC may exercise in the event of a default under the retail or lease contract, and 
other consumer protection matters.  Many states are also focusing on cybersecurity and data privacy as

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 
 
areas warranting consumer protection.  Some states have passed complex legislation dealing with 
consumer information, which impacts companies such as TMCC.  In some jurisdictions, these laws and 
regulations provide a private right of action that would allow customers to bring suit directly against 
TMCC for mishandling their data for certain violations of these laws and regulations. 
TMIS operations are subject to state regulations and licensing requirements.  State laws vary with 
respect to which products are regulated and what types of corporate licences and filings are required to 
offer certain products.  Certain products offered by TMIS are covered by state privacy laws, as well as 
new cybersecurity and data privacy legislation.  TMCC’s insurance company subsidiaries must be 
appropriately licensed in certain states in which they conduct business, must maintain minimum capital 
requirements and file annual financial information as determined by their state of domicile and the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners.  Failure to comply with these requirements could 
have an adverse effect on voluntary protection operations in a particular state.  TMCC actively monitors 
applicable laws and regulations in each state in order to maintain compliance. 
State regulators are taking a more stringent approach to supervising and regulating providers of 
financial products and services subject to their jurisdiction.  In addition, TMCC is subject to 
governmental and regulatory examinations, information-gathering requests and investigations from time 
to time.  TMCC expects to continue to face greater supervisory scrutiny and enhanced supervisory 
requirements for the foreseeable future. 
Other Federal and International Regulation 
Under the Volcker Rule, companies affiliated with U.S. insured depository institutions are 
generally prohibited from engaging in “proprietary trading” and certain transactions with certain 
privately offered funds.  The activities prohibited by the Volcker Rule are not core activities for TMCC.  
However, the federal financial regulatory agencies charged with implementing the Volcker Rule could 
further amend the rule or change their approach to administering, enforcing or interpreting the rule, which 
could negatively affect TMCC and potentially require TMCC to limit or change its activities or 
operations. 
The Dodd-Frank Act amended the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA”) to establish a 
comprehensive framework for the regulation of certain over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives referred to 
as swaps.  Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) is 
required to adopt certain rules and regulations governing swaps.  The CFTC has completed almost all of 
its regulations in this area, most of which are in effect. 
The OTC derivatives provisions of the CEA, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, impose clearing, 
trading and margin requirements on certain contracts.  At present, TMCC qualifies for exceptions from 
these requirements for the swaps that it enters into to hedge its commercial risks.  However, if TMCC 
were to no longer qualify for such exceptions, it could become subject to some or all of these 
requirements, which would increase its cost of entering into and maintaining such hedging positions. 
If TMCC reduces its use of OTC derivatives as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and resulting 
regulations, TMCC’s results of operations may become more volatile and its cash flows may be less 
predictable, which could adversely affect its ability to plan for, and fund, capital expenditures. 
Changes to Laws, Regulations or Government Policies – all Issuers 
Changes to the laws, regulations or to the policies of national governments (federal, state, 
provincial or local) of any jurisdiction in which each of the Issuers conducts its business or of any other 
national governments (federal, state, provincial or local) or international organisations (and the actions 
flowing from such changes to policies) may have a negative impact on an Issuer’s business or require 
significant expenditure by it, or significant changes to its processes and procedures, to ensure compliance 
with those laws, regulations or policies so that it can effectively carry on its business. 
Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is costly and such costs can adversely affect an 
Issuer’s results of operations.  Compliance requires forms, processes, procedures, controls and the 
infrastructure to support these requirements.  Compliance may create operational constraints and place 
limits on pricing, as the laws and regulations in the financial services industry are designed primarily for 
the protection of consumers.  Changes in laws and regulations could restrict an Issuer’s ability to operate 
its business as currently operated, could impose substantial additional costs or require it to implement 
new processes, which could adversely affect its business, prospects, financial performance or financial 
condition.  The failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in significant statutory 
civil and criminal fines, penalties, monetary damages, attorney or legal fees and costs, restrictions on an

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 
 
Issuer’s ability to operate its business, possible revocation of licenses and damage to its reputation, brand 
and valued customer relationships.  Any such costs, restrictions, revocations or damage could adversely 
affect an Issuer’s business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition. 
Changes to Laws, Regulations or Government Policies – TMCC 
Consumer Finance Regulation 
As a provider of finance and voluntary protection products, TMCC operates in a highly regulated 
environment in the United States.  TMCC is subject to state licensing requirements and state and federal 
laws and regulations.  In addition, TMCC is subject to governmental and regulatory examinations, 
information-gathering requests, and investigations from time to time at the state and federal levels. 
TMCC’s principal consumer finance regulator at the federal level is the CFPB, which has broad 
regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority over TMCC.  The CFPB’s supervisory authority 
allows the CFPB, among other things, to conduct comprehensive and rigorous examinations to assess 
TMCC’s compliance with consumer financial protection laws, which could result in enforcement actions, 
regulatory fines and mandated changes to TMCC’s business products, policies and procedures. 
The CFPB’s rulemaking authority includes the authority to promulgate rules regarding, among 
other practices, debt collection practices that would apply to third-party collectors and first-party 
collectors, such as TMCC, and rules regarding consumer credit reporting practices.  The timing and 
impact of these rules on TMCC’s business remain uncertain.  In addition, the CFPB has focused on the 
area of auto finance, particularly with respect to indirect financing arrangements, dealer compensation 
and fair lending compliance, and questioned the value and increased scrutiny of the marketing and sale 
of certain ancillary or add-on products, including products similar to those TMCC finances or sells 
through TMIS. 
The CFPB and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) may investigate the products, services and 
operations of credit providers, including banks and other finance companies engaged in auto finance 
activities.  As a result of such investigations, the CFPB and FTC have announced various enforcement 
actions against lenders in the past few years involving significant penalties, consent orders, cease and 
desist orders and similar remedies that, if applicable to TMCC or the products, services and operations 
TMCC offers, may require TMCC to cease or alter certain business practices, which could have a 
material adverse effect on TMCC’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  Supervision 
and investigations by these agencies may result in monetary penalties, increase TMCC’s compliance 
costs, require changes in TMCC’s business practices, affect its competitiveness, impair its profitability, 
harm its reputation or otherwise adversely affect its business. 
At the state level, state regulators are taking a more stringent approach to supervising and 
regulating financial products and services subject to their jurisdiction.  For example, certain states have 
proposed rate cap bills that would put limits on the maximum rate of finance charges.  TMCC expects to 
continue to face greater supervisory scrutiny and enhanced supervisory requirements for the foreseeable 
future. 
Other Federal Regulation 
Under the Volcker Rule, which was enacted as part of the Dodd-Frank Act, companies affiliated 
with United States insured depository institutions are generally prohibited from engaging in “proprietary 
trading” and certain transactions with certain privately offered funds.  The activities prohibited by the 
Volcker Rule are not core activities for TMCC.  However, the federal financial regulatory agencies 
charged with implementing the Volcker Rule could further amend the rule or change their approach to 
administering, enforcing or interpreting the rule, which could negatively affect TMCC and potentially 
require TMCC to limit or change its activities or operations. 
The Dodd-Frank Act amended the CEA to establish a framework for the regulation of certain OTC 
derivatives referred to as swaps.  The OTC derivatives provisions of the CEA, as amended by the Dodd-
Frank Act, impose clearing, trading and margin requirements on certain contracts.  At present, TMCC 
qualifies for exceptions from these requirements for the swaps that TMCC enters into to hedge its 
commercial risks.  However, if TMCC were to no longer qualify for such exceptions, TMCC could 
become subject to some or all of these requirements, which would increase its cost of entering into and 
maintaining such hedging positions.

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 
 
If TMCC reduces its use of OTC derivatives as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and resulting 
regulations, TMCC’s results of operations may become more volatile and its cash flows may be less 
predictable, which could adversely affect TMCC’s ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. 
A negative outcome in legal proceedings may adversely affect an Issuer’s results of operations and 
financial condition 
Each of the Issuers is, and may be, subject to various legal actions, governmental proceedings and 
other claims arising in the ordinary course of business.  A negative outcome in one or more of these legal 
proceedings may adversely affect an Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Environmental Related Regulation 
Concern over climate change or other environmental matters may result in new or increased legal 
and regulatory requirements intended to mitigate factors contributing to, or intended to address the 
potential impacts of, climate change or other environmental concerns.  Such regulations (including laws 
related to greenhouse gas emitting products or services) may require each of the Issuers and other Toyota 
companies to alter their proposed business plans, lead to increased compliance costs and changes to their 
operations and could have an adverse effect on each Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
TMCC - Adverse Economic Conditions or Changes in State Laws 
TMCC is exposed to geographic customer concentration risk on its retail, lease, dealer and 
voluntary protection products in certain states of the United States.  Localised adverse economic 
conditions and changes in law in such states could have an adverse effect on TMCC’s results of 
operations and financial condition. 
COVID-19 Risks - Toyota 
Toyota has been, and is expected to continue to be, adversely affected by the spread of COVID-19 
The global spread of COVID-19 and the responses to it by governments and other stakeholders 
have adversely affected Toyota in a number of ways.  For example, for reasons such as government 
directives as well as anticipated reduced demand for its vehicles, Toyota has temporarily suspended, or 
there may be a possibility that Toyota will temporarily suspend, production of automobiles and 
components at selected plants in Japan and overseas.  COVID-19 has also affected, and is expected to 
continue to affect, the businesses of Toyota dealers and distributors, as well as certain of Toyota’s third-
party suppliers and business partners.  In addition, the global spread of COVID-19 and related matters 
have adversely affected businesses in a wide variety of industries, as well as consumers, all of which 
negatively impacted demand for Toyota’s vehicles and related financial services. 
The duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and the resulting future effects are uncertain, and the 
foregoing impacts and other effects not referenced above, as well as the ultimate impact of the COVID-
19 outbreak, are difficult to predict.  The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and the resulting future 
effects may adversely affect Toyota’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Industry and Business Risks – Toyota 
The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive 
The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive.  Toyota faces intense competition from 
automotive manufacturers in the markets in which it operates.  Competition in the automotive industry 
has further intensified amidst difficult overall market conditions.  In addition, competition is likely to 
further intensify in light of further continuing globalisation in the worldwide automotive industry, 
possibly resulting in industry reorganisations.  Factors affecting competition include product quality and 
features, safety, reliability, fuel economy, the amount of time required for innovation and development, 
pricing, customer service and financing terms.  Increased competition may lead to lower vehicle unit 
sales, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect Toyota’s financial 
condition and results of operations.  Toyota’s ability to adequately respond to the recent rapid changes 
in the automotive market and to maintain its competitiveness will be fundamental to its future success in 
existing and new markets and to maintain its market share.  There can be no assurances that Toyota will 
be able to compete successfully in the future.

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 
 
The worldwide automotive industry is highly volatile  
Each of the markets in which Toyota competes has been subject to considerable volatility in 
demand.  Demand for vehicles depends to a large extent on economic, social and political conditions in 
a given market and the introduction of new vehicles and technologies.  As Toyota’s revenues are derived 
from sales in markets worldwide, economic conditions in such markets are particularly important to 
Toyota. 
Reviewing the general economic environment for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the 
global economy appeared to be headed toward a recovery due to fiscal and monetary policies adopted by 
various countries that have supported the economy, coupled with the gradual relaxation of strict COVID-
19 restrictions.  While the automotive market has been subjected to global production constraints due to 
components shortages caused by a tightening of global supply of, and increasing demand for, 
semiconductors and the impact of COVID-19, continued steady demand in countries such as the United 
States, China, and Japan resulted in a recovery from the previous year.  Geopolitical tensions that have 
increased since February 2022 have had a ripple effect globally in such forms as soaring prices for 
materials, including for raw materials and parts and components for Toyota’s vehicles, which has made 
it more difficult to foresee the future. 
Changes in demand for automobiles are continuing, and it is unclear how this situation will 
transition in the future.  Toyota’s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected 
if the changes in demand for automobiles continue or progress further.  Demand may also be affected by 
factors directly impacting vehicle price or the cost of purchasing and operating vehicles such as sales and 
financing incentives, prices of raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel and governmental 
regulations (including tariffs, import regulation and other taxes).  Volatility in demand may lead to lower 
vehicle unit sales, which may result in downward price pressure and adversely affect Toyota’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Toyota’s future success depends on its ability to offer new, innovative and competitively priced 
products that meet customer demand on a timely basis 
Meeting customer demand by introducing attractive new vehicles and reducing the amount of time 
required for product development are critical to automotive manufacturers.  In particular, it is critical to 
meet customer demand with respect to quality, safety, reliability and sustainability.  The timely 
introduction of new vehicle models, at competitive prices, meeting rapidly changing customer 
preferences and demand is more fundamental to Toyota’s success than ever, as the automotive market is 
rapidly transforming in light of the changing global economy. 
There is no assurance, however, that Toyota will adequately and appropriately respond to 
changing customer preferences and demand with respect to quality, safety, reliability, styling, 
sustainability and other features in a timely manner.  Even if Toyota succeeds in perceiving customer 
preferences and demand, there is no assurance that Toyota will be capable of developing and 
manufacturing new, price competitive products in a timely manner with its available technology, 
intellectual property, sources of raw materials and parts and components, and production capacity, 
including cost reduction capacity.  Further, there is no assurance that Toyota will be able to implement 
capital expenditures at the level and times planned by management.  Toyota’s inability to develop and 
offer products that meet customers’ preferences and demand with respect to quality, safety, reliability, 
styling, sustainability and other features in a timely manner could result in a lower market share and 
reduced sales volumes and margins and may adversely affect Toyota’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Toyota’s ability to market and distribute effectively is an integral part of Toyota’s successful sales 
Toyota’s success in the sale of vehicles depends on its ability to market and distribute effectively 
based on distribution networks and sales techniques tailored to the needs of its customers.  There is no 
assurance that Toyota will be able to develop sales techniques and distribution networks that effectively 
adapt to changing customer preferences or changes in the geopolitical and regulatory environment in the 
major markets in which it operates.  Toyota’s inability to maintain well-developed sales techniques and 
distribution networks may result in decreased sales and market share and may adversely affect its 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Toyota’s success is significantly impacted by its ability to maintain and develop its brand image 
In the highly competitive automotive industry, it is critical to maintain and develop a brand image.  
In order to maintain and develop a brand image, it is necessary to further increase customers’ confidence

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 
 
by providing safe, high quality products that meet customer preferences and demand.  If Toyota is unable 
to effectively maintain and develop its brand image as a result of its inability to provide safe, high quality 
products or the failure to promptly implement safety measures such as recalls when necessary, vehicle 
unit sales and/or sale prices may decrease, and as a result revenues and profits may not increase as 
expected or may decrease, adversely affecting its financial condition and results of operations. 
Toyota relies on suppliers for the provision of certain supplies including parts, components and raw 
materials 
Toyota purchases supplies including parts, components and raw materials from a number of 
external suppliers located around the world.  For some supplies, Toyota relies on a single supplier or a 
limited number of suppliers, whose replacement with another supplier may be difficult.  Inability to 
obtain supplies from a single or limited source supplier may result in difficulty obtaining supplies and 
may restrict Toyota’s ability to produce vehicles.  Furthermore, even if Toyota were to rely on a large 
number of suppliers, first-tier suppliers with whom Toyota directly transacts may in turn rely on a single 
second-tier supplier or limited second-tier suppliers. 
Irrespective of the number of suppliers, Toyota’s ability to continue to obtain supplies from its 
suppliers in a timely and cost-effective manner is subject to a number of factors, some of which are not 
within Toyota’s control.  These factors include the ability of Toyota’s suppliers to provide a continued 
source of supply, and Toyota’s ability to effectively compete and obtain competitive prices from 
suppliers.  Circumstances that may adversely affect such abilities include geopolitical tensions as well as 
related governmental actions such as economic sanctions. 
A loss of any single or limited source supplier or inability to obtain supplies from suppliers in a 
timely and cost-effective manner could lead to increased costs or delays or suspensions in Toyota’s 
production and deliveries, which could have an adverse effect on Toyota’s financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The worldwide financial services industry is highly competitive 
The worldwide financial services industry is highly competitive.  Increased competition in 
automobile financing may lead to decreased margins.  A decline in Toyota’s vehicle unit sales, an 
increase in residual value risk due to lower used vehicle prices, an increase in the ratio of credit losses 
and increased funding costs are additional factors which may impact Toyota’s financial services 
operations.  If Toyota is unable to adequately respond to the changes and competition in automobile 
financing, Toyota’s financial services operations may adversely affect its financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Toyota’s operations and vehicles rely on various digital and information technologies, as well as 
information security 
Toyota depends on various information technology networks and systems, some of which are 
managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, including sensitive data, 
and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including manufacturing, 
research and development, supply chain management, sales and accounting.  In addition, Toyota’s 
vehicles may rely on various digital and information technologies, including information service and 
driving assistance functions.  Despite security measures, Toyota’s digital and information technology 
networks and systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, shutdowns due to unauthorised access 
or attacks by hackers, computer viruses, breaches due to unauthorised use, errors or malfeasance by 
employees and others who have or gain access to the networks and systems Toyota depends on, service 
failures or bankruptcy of third parties such as software development or cloud computing vendors, power 
shortages and outages, and utility failures or other catastrophic events like natural disasters.  In particular, 
cyber-attacks or other intentional malfeasance are increasing in terms of intensity, sophistication and 
frequency, and Toyota has been and expects to continue to be the subject of such attacks.  Such attacks 
could materially disrupt critical operations, disclose sensitive data, interfere with information services 
and driving assistance functions in Toyota’s vehicles, and/or give rise to legal claims or proceedings, 
liability or regulatory penalties under applicable laws, which could have an adverse effect on Toyota’s 
brand image and its financial condition and results of operations.  Moreover, similar attacks on Toyota’s 
suppliers and business partners have had, and may in the future have, a similar negative impact on 
Toyota’s financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 
 
Toyota is exposed to risks associated with climate change, including the physical risks of climate 
change and risks from the transition to a lower-carbon economy 
Risks associated with climate change are subject to increasing societal, regulatory and political 
focus in Japan and globally.  These risks include the physical risks of climate change and risks from the 
transition to a lower-carbon economy. 
The physical risks of climate change include both acute, event-driven risks such as those relating 
to hurricanes, floods and tornadoes, as well as longer-term weather patterns and related effects, such as 
sustained higher temperatures, sea level rise, drought and increased wildfires.  Despite Toyota’s 
contingency planning, large-scale disasters due to extreme weather conditions have in the past harmed, 
and may in the future again harm, Toyota’s employees or its facilities and other assets, as well as those 
of Toyota’s suppliers and other business partners, thereby adversely affecting Toyota’s production, sales 
or other operational capacities.  Large-scale disasters may also adversely affect the financial condition 
of Toyota’s customers, and thereby demand for its products and services. 
Transition risks are those attributable to regulatory, technological and market changes to address 
the mitigation of, or adaptation to, climate-related risks.  For example, Toyota is subject to the risk of 
changes in customer demand for vehicles due to such factors as changes in laws, regulations and 
government policies relating to climate change, technological innovation to address climate change, and 
new entrants into the automobile industry that seek to capitalise on changing market dynamics.  Changes 
in customer demand may pose ancillary risks and challenges, such as Toyota’s having to establish new, 
or enhance existing, supply networks in order to source the raw materials, parts and components 
necessary for it to manufacture the products then in demand at desired volumes and at competitive costs.  
Toyota may incur significant costs and expenses as a result of the materialisation of such risks, or in its 
efforts to mitigate or adapt to such risks.  Toyota’s inability to develop and offer products that meet 
customers’ preferences and demand in a timely manner could result in a lower market share and reduced 
sales volumes and margins and may adversely affect Toyota’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Financial Market and Economic Risks – Toyota 
High prices of raw materials and strong pressure on Toyota’s suppliers could negatively impact 
Toyota’s profitability 
Increases in prices for raw materials that Toyota and Toyota’s suppliers use in manufacturing their 
products or parts and components such as steel, precious metals, non-ferrous alloys including aluminium, 
and plastic parts, may lead to higher production costs for parts and components.  This could, in turn, 
negatively impact Toyota’s future profitability because Toyota may not be able to pass all those costs on 
to its customers or require its suppliers to absorb such costs.  For example, Toyota believes that increases 
in the prices of raw materials, as well as related logistics and other costs, had a significant negative impact 
on its results for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, and currently expects that they will have a 
greater negative impact on its results for the financial year ending 31 March 2023. 
Toyota’s operations are subject to currency and interest rate fluctuations 
Toyota is sensitive to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and is principally exposed 
to fluctuations in the value of the Japanese yen, the U.S. dollar and the euro and, to a lesser extent, the 
Australian dollar, the Russian ruble, the Canadian dollar and the British pound.  Toyota’s consolidated 
financial statements, which are presented in Japanese yen, are affected by foreign currency exchange 
fluctuations through translation risk, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates may also affect the 
price of products sold and materials purchased by Toyota in foreign currencies through transaction risk.  
In particular, strengthening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar can have an adverse effect on 
Toyota’s operating results. 
Toyota believes that its use of certain derivative financial instruments including foreign exchange 
forward contracts and interest rate swaps and increased localised production of its products have reduced, 
but not eliminated, the effects of interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.  
Nonetheless, a negative impact resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and 
changes in interest rates may adversely affect Toyota’s financial condition and results of operations. 
A downturn in the financial markets could adversely affect Toyota’s ability to raise capital 
Should the world economy suddenly deteriorate, a number of financial institutions and investors 
will face difficulties in providing capital to the financial markets at levels corresponding to their own

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 
 
financial capacity, and, as a result, there is a risk that companies may not be able to raise capital under 
terms that they would expect to receive with their creditworthiness.  If Toyota is unable to raise the 
necessary capital under appropriate conditions on a timely basis, Toyota’s financial condition and results 
of operations may be adversely affected. 
Regulatory, Legal, Political and Other Risks – Toyota 
The automotive industry is subject to various governmental regulations and actions 
The worldwide automotive industry is subject to various laws and governmental regulations 
including those related to vehicle safety and environmental matters such as emission levels, fuel 
economy, noise and pollution.  In particular, automotive manufacturers such as Toyota are required to 
implement safety measures such as recalls for vehicles that do not or may not comply with the safety 
standards of laws and governmental regulations.  In addition, Toyota may, in order to reassure its 
customers of the safety of Toyota’s vehicles, decide to voluntarily implement recalls or other safety 
measures even if the vehicle complies with the safety standards of relevant laws and governmental 
regulations.  If Toyota launches products that result in safety measures such as recalls (including where 
parts related to recalls or other measures were procured by Toyota from a third party), Toyota may incur 
various costs including significant costs for free repairs.  Many governments also impose tariffs and other 
trade barriers, taxes and levies, or enact price or exchange controls. 
Toyota has incurred significant costs in response to governmental regulations and actions, 
including costs relating to changes in global trade dynamics and policies, and expects to incur such costs 
in the future.  Furthermore, new legislation or regulations or changes in existing legislation or regulations 
may also subject Toyota to additional costs in the future.  If Toyota incurs significant costs related to 
implementing safety measures or responding to laws, regulations and governmental actions, Toyota’s 
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
Toyota may become subject to various legal proceedings 
As an automotive manufacturer, Toyota may become subject to legal proceedings in respect of 
various issues, including product liability and infringement of intellectual property.  Toyota may also be 
subject to legal proceedings brought by its shareholders and governmental proceedings and 
investigations.  Toyota is in fact currently subject to a number of pending legal proceedings and 
government investigations.  A negative outcome in one or more of these pending legal proceedings could 
adversely affect Toyota’s reputation, brand image, financial condition and results of operations. 
Toyota may be adversely affected by natural calamities, epidemics, political and economic instability, 
fuel shortages or interruptions in social infrastructure, wars, terrorism and labour strikes 
Toyota is subject to various risks associated with conducting business worldwide.  These risks 
include natural calamities, epidemics, political and economic instability, fuel shortages, interruption in 
social infrastructure including energy supply, transportation systems, gas, water or communication 
systems resulting from natural hazards or technological hazards, wars, terrorism, labour strikes and work 
stoppages.  Should the major markets in which Toyota purchases materials, parts and components and 
supplies for the manufacture of Toyota products or in which Toyota’s products are produced, distributed 
or sold be affected by any of these events, it may result in disruptions and delays in the operations of 
Toyota’s business.  Should significant or prolonged disruptions or delays related to Toyota’s business 
operations occur, it may adversely affect Toyota’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
of such features:  
General 
If an investor chooses to sell its Notes issued under the Programme in the open market at any time 
prior to the maturity of the Notes, the price the investor will receive from a purchaser may be less than 
its original investment and may be less than the amount due to be repaid at the maturity of the Notes if 
an investor were to hold onto the Notes until that time.  Factors that will influence the price received by 
investors who choose to sell their Notes in the open market may include, but are not limited to, market

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 
 
appetite, inflation, the period of time remaining to maturity of the Notes, prevailing interest rates, the 
financial condition of the relevant Issuer and whether the relevant Issuer hedged its payment obligations 
with the Purchaser involved in the initial distribution of the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, which may affect the secondary market value and/or the 
real value of the Notes over time due to fluctuations in market interest rates and the effects of inflation 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate.  Investors should note that (i) if market interest rates 
start to rise then the income to be paid on the Notes might become less attractive and the price the 
investors get if they sell such Notes could fall (however, the market price of the Notes has no effect on 
the interest amounts due on the Notes or what investors will be due to be repaid on the Maturity Date if 
the Notes are held by the investors until they expire); and (ii) inflation will reduce the real value of the 
Notes over time which may affect what investors can buy with their investments in the future and which 
may make the fixed interest rate on the Notes less attractive in the future. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may also be true prior to any 
redemption period.  
Each Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time.  
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes.  Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
interest rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of ‘benchmarks’ may adversely affect the value of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to or referencing such ‘benchmarks’ 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR and CDOR, 
which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such 
financial instruments, have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to 
how they are created and operated.  This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
‘benchmarks’, with further changes anticipated.  These reforms and changes may cause a benchmark to 
perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued.  Any change in the performance of 
a benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or 
linked to such benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or otherwise recognised or endorsed).  The UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK.  Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or otherwise recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have 
a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in a benchmark, and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of a benchmark.  Uncertainty about the future of benchmarks, any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or any other initiatives 
or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark and the trading market 
for such Notes. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited, the administrator of CDOR, published a cessation 
notice on 16 May 2022 announcing that the calculation and publication of all tenors of CDOR will 
permanently cease immediately following a final publication on 28 June 2024.  The Canadian Alternative 
Reference Rate working group has published recommended fallback language for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing CDOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that an Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published 
(or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs.  The 
fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, with the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
replacement benchmark, all as determined by the relevant Issuer (acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser).  An Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero 
and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of an Original Reference Rate.  The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including 
with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the 
Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  Due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing 
a benchmark.

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR and SONIA) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of overnight rates (such as SOFR and SONIA) as reference rates for eurobonds is subject 
to continued change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
overnight rates.  Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of 
SOFR and SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets for U.S. dollar bonds and sterling bonds, 
respectively, and their adoption as an alternative to the London Interbank Offered Rate. 
The SOFR and SONIA risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future 
performance of these risk-free rates is impossible to predict.  As a consequence, no future performance 
of these risk-free rates or Notes referencing either risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the 
hypothetical or actual historical performance data.  In addition, investors should be aware that SOFR and 
SONIA (and other risk-free rates) differ from inter-bank offered rates such as EURIBOR for example in 
a number of material respects, including that SOFR and SONIA (and other risk-free rates) are backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas inter-bank offered rates such as EURIBOR are 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending.  
As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates and inter-bank offered rates may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates across the relevant Issuer’s various financing arrangements leading 
to differing interest calculations. 
Interest for Notes referencing risk-free rates, such as SOFR compounded rates and SONIA, is 
calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate.  For this and other reasons, the interest rate on 
such Notes during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked 
to the risk-free rate that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate such as daily 
simple SOFR rate. 
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for bonds referencing risk-free 
rates continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates.  For example, on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the 
administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.  Accordingly, the specific 
formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under this Prospectus may not be widely adopted 
by other market participants, if at all.  The relevant Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing 
risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
Notes referencing risk-free rate rates issued by it.  If the market adopts a different calculation method, 
that could adversely affect the market value of Notes issued pursuant to this Prospectus. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of 
which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Furthermore, if the Notes become due 
and payable under Condition 9 of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined 
on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
Risk-free rates such as SOFR and SONIA are published and calculated by third parties based on 
data received from other sources and the relevant Issuer has no control over their respective 
determinations, calculations or publications.  There can be no guarantee that Compounded SOFR, SOFR, 
SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such rates (or 
that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders).  The New York Federal 
Reserve and the Bank of England do not have an obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing Compounded SOFR or SOFR, SONIA or 
the SONIA Compounded Index, respectively.  If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate, such as 
SOFR or SONIA, is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
In addition, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR or SONIA 
that differs significantly from that set out in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and used in relation 
to Notes that reference SOFR or SONIA issued under this Prospectus.  Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 
 
derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes issued with a capped interest rate may bear less interest than a return on other 
investments 
Floating Rate Notes which are issued with a capped interest rate (“Capped Floating Rate Notes”) 
will never exceed the maximum rate of interest for a specified interest period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for an issue of Capped Floating Rate Notes.  Investors should note that if, during 
a specified interest period, the reference rate, in addition to the spread (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of an issue of Capped Floating Rate Notes) is less than the maximum rate of interest, the 
cumulative interest rate for the year will be less than the maximum rate of interest.  The interest that 
investors receive on Capped Floating Rate Notes may be less than the return they could earn on Floating 
Rate Notes that are not capped, on a Fixed Rate Note bearing interest at the capped rate or on other 
investments. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to general changes in interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium from their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Bearer Notes in NGN form and Registered Global Notes held under the NSS may not satisfy Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria 
Bearer Notes in new global note (NGN) form and Registered Global Notes held under the new 
safekeeping structure (NSS) allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner which 
will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system 
for the euro (the “Eurosystem”) and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  However, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time.  Investors should make their own 
assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If an Issuer has hedged its payment obligations on Notes with the Purchaser distributing the Notes, 
inclusion by a Purchaser in the Issue Price of the cost and profit, if any, of providing the hedge is likely 
to adversely affect secondary market prices for investors 
For some Notes, an Issuer may hedge its payment obligations under the Notes with the Purchaser 
distributing the Notes or a party related to the Purchaser.  In those cases, assuming no change of market 
conditions or any other relevant factors, the price, if any, at which the Purchaser may be willing to 
purchase Notes in secondary market transactions will likely be lower than the Issue Price, because the 
Issue Price included, and secondary market prices are likely to exclude, the cost and profit, if any, of 
providing the hedge to the relevant Issuer as well as discounts or commissions charged by the Purchaser 
for distributing the Notes, and other transaction costs.  If a Purchaser makes a market for Notes, the 
Purchaser may use proprietary pricing models to value Notes that require financial and market 
assumptions to be made as input for the model.  The models and assumptions used may have a significant 
impact on the price, if any, that a Purchaser is willing to offer for Notes in the secondary market.  In 
addition, any such prices may differ from values for Notes determined by pricing models used by the 
Purchaser, as a result of dealer mark-ups, commissions or other transaction costs. 
Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme.  RMB 
Notes are subject to particular risks: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the “PRC 
Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies including the 
Hong Kong dollar, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC Government of control 
over trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent 
routine foreign exchange transactions.  These transactions are known as current account items.

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 
 
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital 
contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific 
registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system.  Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement 
of capital account items are being developed gradually and will be subject to interpretation and 
application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
Although since 1 October 2016 the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi 
to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies have been implemented by the People’s Bank of 
China (“PBoC”) and the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC since then, there is no assurance that the 
PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border Renminbi remittances 
in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that 
new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  Further, if any new PRC regulations 
are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the 
remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, then such 
remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.  
In the event that any regulatory restrictions inhibit the ability of the relevant Issuer to repatriate funds 
outside the PRC to meet its obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Issuer will need to source 
Renminbi offshore to finance such obligations under the relevant RMB Notes, and its ability to do so 
will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
In addition, holders of beneficial interests in RMB Notes may be required to provide certifications 
and other information (including Renminbi account information) in order to receive payments in 
Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in 
Hong Kong. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Notes and the relevant Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes.  
If the relevant Issuer is unable to source Renminbi, it may pay holders of RMB Notes in U.S. dollars (or 
another currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial 
institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “Renminbi Clearing Banks”), including but 
not limited to Hong Kong, London, Frankfurt and Singapore and is in the process of establishing 
Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions (the “Settlement 
Agreements”), the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect 
of cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises.  
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from 
the PBoC.  The relevant Renminbi Clearing Banks have access to onshore liquidity support from the 
PBoC to square open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged 
to square for participating banks any open positions as a result of other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services.  In such cases, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside 
the PRC to square such open positions. 
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and 
regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be 
promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of 
restricting the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  The limited availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC may affect the liquidity of RMB Notes.  There is no assurance that the relevant Issuer will be 
able to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If 
certain events occur (such as illiquidity, inconvertibility or non-transferability in respect of Renminbi) 
which result in the relevant Issuer being unable or it would be impracticable for it to make payments in 
Renminbi, the relevant Issuer’s obligation to make such payments in Renminbi under the terms of the 
RMB Notes is replaced by an obligation to make such payments in U.S. dollars (or another currency as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 5(h) under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”.

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 
 
Remittance of proceeds into or outside of the PRC in Renminbi may be difficult 
In the event that the relevant Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in 
Renminbi, its ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and/or registration 
or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities.  However, there can be no assurance that the 
necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities 
will be obtained at all or, if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future.  
In the event that the relevant Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in 
Renminbi and the relevant Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds outside the PRC in 
Renminbi, it will need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under RMB Notes, 
and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  
An investment in RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time 
to time and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well 
as other factors.  In August 2015, the PBoC changed the way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi 
against the U.S. dollar, requiring the market-makers who submit for the PBoC’s reference rates to 
consider the previous day’s closing spot rate, foreign-exchange demand and supply as well as changes 
in major currency rates.  This change, and other changes such as widening the trading band that may be 
implemented, may increase volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies.  In May 
2017, the PBoC further decided to introduce counter-cyclical factors to offset the market pro-cyclicality, 
so that the midpoint quotes could adequately reflect China’s actual economic performance.  However, 
the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies still exists.  The relevant Issuer will 
make all payments of interest and principal with respect to the RMB Notes in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified.  Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 5(h) under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”, all payments of interest and principal with respect to RMB Notes will be made in Renminbi.  
As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms or other applicable foreign 
currencies may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If an investor measures its 
investment returns by reference to a currency other than Renminbi, an investment in RMB Notes entails 
foreign exchange related risks, including possible significant changes in the value of Renminbi relative 
to the currency by reference to which an investor measures its investment returns.  Depreciation of 
Renminbi against such currency could cause a decrease in the effective yield of RMB Notes below their 
stated coupon rates and could result in a loss when the return on RMB Notes is translated into such 
currency.  Accordingly, the value of the investment made by a holder of RMB Notes in that foreign 
currency will decline. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in RMB Notes 
In considering whether to invest in RMB Notes, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions.  The value of the holder’s investment 
in RMB Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the holder is required to pay PRC tax with 
respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those RMB Notes. 
An investment in RMB Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The value of Renminbi payments under RMB Notes may be susceptible to interest rate 
fluctuations occurring within and outside the PRC, including PRC Renminbi repo rates and/or the 
Shanghai inter-bank offered rate.  The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of 
interest rates in recent years.  Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility.  In addition, the 
interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for 
Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and 
prevailing market conditions. 
If a RMB Note carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such RMB Notes will vary 
with the fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates.  If holders of RMB Notes propose to sell such RMB 
Notes before their maturity, then they may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of RMB Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified for such RMB 
Notes in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
Investors may be required to provide certificates and other information (including Renminbi 
account information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 
 
Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms).  Except in the limited circumstances 
stipulated in Condition 5(h) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, all payments to investors in 
respect of RMB Notes will be made solely (i) for as long as such RMB Notes are represented by a global 
Note, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with prevailing rules and 
procedures of Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking S.A. or any alternative clearing system as 
applicable, or (ii) for so long as such RMB Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than as provided in 
Condition 5(h) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, the relevant Issuer cannot be required to 
make payment by any other means (including, but not limited to, in any other currency or in bank notes, 
by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).  Investors are subject to the risk that they 
may not be able to receive amounts due under the RMB Notes if they do not hold such an offshore RMB 
account at the time the relevant payment is due. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contain provisions which may permit their modification 
without the consent of all investors 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contain provisions for calling meetings (including 
wholly or partly by means of electronic facility or facilities (including video conference platforms or by 
conference call)) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or 
to pass resolutions in writing.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not 
sign the written resolution, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
Withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Under Sections 1471 through to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
any regulations or other guidance promulgated thereunder or any official interpretations thereof 
(including under an agreement described under Section 1471(b)), or under any intergovernmental 
agreement implementing an alternative approach thereto or any implementing law in relation thereto 
(collectively, “FATCA”), payments of interest (including original issue discount, if any) on Notes issued 
by TMCC generally will be subject to a 30 per cent. gross basis withholding tax if and to the extent made 
to (i) a “foreign financial institution” or a “foreign non-financial entity” within the meaning of FATCA 
or (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not provide information to 
determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States 
account” of TMCC, unless certain procedural requirements are satisfied and certain information is 
provided to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”).  Under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations 
published on 18 December 2018, upon which a taxpayer may rely until final U.S. Treasury Regulations 
are issued, payments of principal, premium (if any), and proceeds from the sale, redemption or other 
disposition of Notes will not be subject to FATCA withholding. 
Payments with respect to Notes issued by TMF, TFA or TCCI generally should not be subject to 
FATCA withholding.  Nevertheless, if any of TMF, TFA or TCCI were to be treated as a foreign financial 
institution, it is possible that payments made by each such entity, as applicable, on or after the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register could be subject to FATCA withholding in respect of the portion of such 
payments, if any, that is considered to be a “foreign passthru payment” under such final regulations.  
Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are published generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
No additional amounts will be paid by the relevant Issuer in respect of any U.S. tax withheld or 
deducted under or in respect of FATCA. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change of English law or administrative practice 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 
 
change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of this Prospectus and any such 
change could adversely affect the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination, plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the 
Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange 
rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding and, in addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The principal of or any interest on Notes will be payable in a Specified Currency.  For investors 
whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency in which the related Notes are denominated, or where 
principal or interest in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the value of a Specified Currency other 
than by reference solely to the Investor’s Currency, an investment in such Notes entails significant risks 
that are not associated with a similar investment in a debt security denominated and payable in such 
Investor’s Currency.  Such risks include, without limitation, the possibility of significant changes in the 
rate of exchange between the applicable Specified Currency and the Investor’s Currency and the 
possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over 
such Specified Currency or the Investor’s Currency.  Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, 
including financial, economic and political events over which none of the Issuers has control.  The 
secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and the Parent and TFS as credit support providers and the value 
of the applicable Specified Currency, including the volatility of such Specified Currency, the method of 
calculating the nominal amount or any interest to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to 
maturity of such Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, the amount of other securities linked to 
such Specified Currency and the level, direction and volatility of relevant market interest rates generally.  
Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes.  In recent years, rates of exchange have been 
highly volatile and such volatility may be expected to continue in the future.  Fluctuations in any 
particular exchange rate that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of 
fluctuations that may occur in the future.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative 
to the value of the applicable Specified Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent yield on a Note denominated or the principal or interest of which is payable in such Specified 
Currency, in the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable at maturity 
and generally in the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of such Note.  Depreciation in the value 
of the Investor’s Currency relative to the value of the applicable Specified Currency would have the 
opposite effect.  In addition, depending on the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment 
of which is determined by reference to the value of, a Specified Currency (other than solely the Investor’s 
Currency), changes in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies or currency units involved may 
result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, could result in a 
loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government or monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future 
impose, exchange controls that could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or interest in respect of such

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 
 
Note.  In addition, if the relevant Issuer is due to make a payment in a currency (the “original currency”) 
other than euro in respect of any Note or Coupon and the original currency is not available on the foreign 
exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the original currency’s replacement or 
disuse or other circumstances beyond the relevant Issuer’s control, the relevant Issuer will be entitled to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of such payment by making payment in euro as described under 
Condition 5(f) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  If the currency in which payment is to be 
made is not a holder’s Investor’s Currency, the holder will be subject to the risks described in the prior 
paragraph.  In addition, the exchange rate applied in such circumstances could result in a reduced 
payment to the holder. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or it may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  
There can be no assurance of a secondary market for the Notes or the continued liquidity of such market 
if one develops.  The secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and the Parent and TFS as credit support providers which 
may include the method of calculating the principal or any interest to be paid in respect of such Notes, 
the time remaining to the maturity of such Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, any redemption 
features of such Notes and the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally.  Such 
factors also will affect the market value of the Notes.  In addition, certain Notes may be designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited secondary market and 
experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Investors may not be able to sell Notes 
readily or at prices that will enable investors to realise their anticipated yield.  No investor should 
purchase Notes unless such investor understands and is able to bear the risk that certain Notes may not 
be readily saleable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that such fluctuations may be 
significant.  The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other instruments issued at a substantial 
discount from their nominal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do such prices for conventional interest bearing 
securities of comparable maturities. 
If the level of global credit market conditions experienced during Toyota’s financial year ended 
31 March 2009 were to recur at the same level or worsen, whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in 
the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes, such lack of liquidity may result in investors 
suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the 
assets of the relevant Issuer. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, TMC, TFS or any of the Notes may not reflect the risk 
associated with an investment in the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies that have assigned credit ratings to the relevant 
Issuer, TMC and TFS may also assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Ratings of the Notes 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending.  Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication on the ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation.  
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 
 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, for the purposes of the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment.  This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value 
of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of the Notes 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, the applicable Final Terms may indicate 
circumstances where the relevant Issuer and/or the other entities identified in such Final Terms will have 
the right to (a) withdraw or revoke the public offer, which will result in the offer being deemed to be null 
and void; (b) extend the public offer period and/or postpone the originally designated issue date, related 
interest payment dates and maturity date which may adversely affect investors in the Notes, and (c) 
terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests.  
Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that 
offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached.  In such circumstances, the early 
closing of the public offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued and, therefore, 
may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Notes may include subscription fees, placement fees, 
direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs.  Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken 
into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could 
result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Notes, 
and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market.  Any such 
difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes, particularly immediately following the 
offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from 
the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any distributors or other 
entities involved in the public offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the relevant Issuer and can receive commissions and/or 
fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such public offer and/or listing which may 
adversely affect investors in the Notes. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as specified green projects, may not be suitable for 
the specific investment criteria of an investor 
Each Issuer may issue Notes where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
which may provide that it will be such Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issue of such Notes to specified projects and activities that promote social, sustainability, climate-
friendly and other environmental purposes (“Green Projects”), in accordance with certain prescribed 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined under “Use of Proceeds”) including, but not necessarily limited to, the 
consumer financing of Toyota and Lexus vehicles meeting certain Eligibility Criteria.  No Dealer is 
responsible for assessing or verifying whether or not the specified Green Projects meet the prescribed 
Eligibility Criteria or for the monitoring of the use of proceeds.  Prospective investors should have regard 
to the information set out in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  In particular, no assurance 
is given by the relevant Issuer, any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates or any other person that the 
use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Green Projects.

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes 
or may be classified as ‘social’ or ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’ or an equivalently-labelled project and the 
requirements for a particular project to be defined as ‘social’ or ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’ or such other 
equivalent label continue to develop and evolve, and different organisations may develop definitions or 
labels that are different from, and may be incompatible with, those set by other organisations. No 
assurance can be given that a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given by the relevant Issuer, any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates or any 
other person to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will 
meet any or all investor expectations or requirements regarding such ‘social’, ‘green’, ‘sustainable’ or 
other similar labels (including under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) or Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) performance objectives or that 
any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of ‘social’, ‘green’, ‘sustainable’ and 
‘sustainability-linked’ has been established in the EU with the publication in the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy.  The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation.  A 
first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives was 
approved in principle by the European Commission on 21 April 2021 and was formally adopted on 4 
June 2021 for scrutiny by the co-legislators. A second delegated regulation for the remaining objectives 
is intended to be published in 2022.  Until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been 
developed it is not known whether any specified Green Projects will satisfy those criteria.  Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are 
established, is not certain. 
No assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, any Dealer or any of their 
respective affiliates or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and, in particular, with any specified Green 
Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms.  Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, any Dealer or their respective affiliates or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes.  Any such opinion or certification is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes.  Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated ‘social’, 
‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated ‘social’, ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled index or indices, no representation or 
assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, any Dealer or their respective affiliates or any other person that 
such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index or indices, satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any specified Green Projects.  Furthermore, it should 
be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index or indices may vary from 
one index to another.  Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer, any 
Dealer or their respective affiliates or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading, or 
inclusion in any such index or indices, will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 
 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified 
for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can 
be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will 
be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green 
Projects.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. 
Any such event or failure of any Notes to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
‘social’, ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or equivalent characteristics, any failure by the relevant 
Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of such Notes for any Green Projects as 
aforesaid (including the loss of any ‘social’, ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or equivalent 
characteristics), any failure by the relevant Issuer to comply with its general environmental or similar 
targets (if any), the failure to provide and/or the withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with 
any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market or inclusion in such 
index or indices as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or refinance Green Projects and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 54 ---
Page 54 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, to the extent such information concerns historical data and commentary 
thereon for the relevant financial periods as is contained in any such documents (excluding all 
information incorporated by reference in any such documents either expressly or implicitly) which have 
been published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and have been filed with the FCA 
and the CBI and, in the case of paragraph (f) below, Prospectuses approved by the CBI, shall be deemed 
to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Annual Financial Reports of TMF for the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 
31 March 2021 (2022: 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/3028U_1-2022-7-
29.pdf 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202207/87122ed1-a1fe-43c7-ba5a-625a72ba028f.PDF 
2021: 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/0687H_1-2021-7-30.pdf 
and 
https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/559f93c7-f36b-49b5-
9835-699b8f4f82dc.PDF); 
(b) 
the Annual Financial Report of TCCI for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 in respect of 
the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
March 
2022 
and 
31 March 2021 (https://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/8286T_1-2022-7-26.pdf and https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/99ff4727-8a39-4b69-99e6-
fcb02294e155.PDF); 
(c) 
the Annual Financial Report of TFA for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (http://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6221Q_1-2022-6-29.pdf and https://www.toyota.com.au/-
/media/toyota/main-site/page-data/tfa/corporate/past-reports/files/annual-financial-reports/tfal_-
fy2022.pdf); the Annual Securities Reports of TFA for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 
(http://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/3628S_1-2022-7-13.pdf 
and 
https://www.toyota.com.au/-/media/toyota/main-site/page-data/tfa/corporate/past-
reports/files/japanese-annual-securities-report/tfa-asr-2022.pdf); and the Annual Financial 
Report of TFA for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 (https://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/4510G_1-2021-7-26.pdf and https://www.toyota.com.au/-
/media/toyota/main-site/page-data/tfa/corporate/past-reports/files/eu-afr/tfa-afr-2021.pdf); 
(d) 
TMCC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 in respect of 
the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 (http://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/8291N_1-2022-6-6.pdf 
and 
https://www.toyotafinancial.com/content/dam/tmcc-
webcommons/toyotafinancial/documents/investor-relations/sec-filings/2022/Annual Reports on 
Form 10-K/june/FY 2022 ended March 31, 2022.pdf) and TMCC’s Quarterly Report on Form 
10-Q 
for 
the 
quarter 
ended 
30 
June 
2022 
(http://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/2404V_1-2022-8-8.pdf 
and 
https://www.toyotafinancial.com/content/dam/tmcc-
webcommons/toyotafinancial/documents/investor-relations/sec-
filings/2023/Quarterly%20Reports%20on%20Form%2010-
Q/june/Q1%20FY2023%20ended%20June%2030,%202022.pdf); 
(e) 
the Parent’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 in respect 
of 
the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
March 
2022 
and 
31 
March 
2021 
(https://global.toyota/pages/global_toyota/ir/library/sec/20-F_202203_final.pdf) and the Parent’s 
Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the three month period ended 30 June 2022 
(https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/7176X_1-2022-8-31.pdf and https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202208/90b8efb8-74a9-413f-
b7fa-a2a2e0eb4eb9.PDF); and 
(f) 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” section from each of the Prospectuses published by the 
Issuers dated: 
(i) 
17 September 2021 (https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/8130T_1-2022-
7-26.pdf 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202207/40a1b085-be04-447a-899e-657eb931e3f5.PDF);

--- Page 55 ---
Page 55 
 
(ii) 
18 September 2020 (https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/3467E_1-2021-
7-6.pdf 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202108/10172a05-12a5-4cc3-b921-b724741e6b2f.PDF); 
(iii) 
13 September 2019 (https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6633U_1-2020-
7-30.pdf 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202108/c78870fe-4e62-4cf3-9185-c65e62db179b.PDF); and 
(iv) 
14 September 2018 (https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/5241F_1-2019-
7-15.pdf 
and 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202108/d98afd4e-e7f2-4d10-88b5-690536b8fd76.PDF), 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a 
supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise).  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
TMCC and TMC are subject to the informational requirements of the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance therewith each files reports and other information 
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).  Such reports and other 
information can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 
F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549.  Copies of such materials may also be obtained 
from the website that the SEC maintains at https://www.sec.gov.  The SEC website contains reports, 
registration statements, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that 
file electronically with the SEC.  The documents referred to in paragraphs (d) and (e) above have been 
filed with the SEC. 
Each of the Issuers and TMC are subject to the ongoing reporting and disclosure requirements of 
the UK Listing Rules and the UK Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, all made under the 
FSMA, and in accordance therewith file reports and other information with the FCA and such reports 
can be found at https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-
home.html.  
The documents referred to in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above have been filed with the 
CBI and the UK National Storage Mechanism.

--- Page 56 ---
Page 56 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any 
currency and having maturities of one month or longer (or such other minimum or maximum maturity 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body 
(however called)) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency).  The applicable terms 
of any Notes will be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Purchaser(s) prior to the issue 
of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes attached to, incorporated by 
reference into, or endorsed on, the Notes as modified and supplemented by the applicable Final Terms 
attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes. 
On the terms set out herein, this Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for listing 
Notes on the UK Official List and admitting Notes for trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main 
market, the Irish Official List and admitting Notes for trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
and other relevant stock exchanges during the period of twelve months from the date of this Prospectus 
in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding 
of all Notes issued previously or simultaneously under this Programme, does not exceed €60,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in other currencies.  For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency (as defined in the form of 
Final Terms under “Form of the Notes”) other than euros shall be determined by the Agent (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) as of 2:30 p.m. London time on the Issue 
Date for such Notes (as defined in the form of Final Terms under “Form of the Notes”) by 
reference to the spot rate displayed on a page on the relevant Reuters service or Dow Jones 
Markets Limited or such other service as is agreed between the Agent and the relevant Issuer 
from time to time; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as defined under the terms and conditions that apply 
to the relevant Notes) and other Notes issued at a discount shall be determined in the manner 
specified in paragraph (a) above by reference to the net proceeds received by the relevant Issuer 
for the relevant issue. 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any time under the Programme is subject 
to, and will be limited by, the then existing grant of authority by the Board of Management of TMF, by 
the Board of Directors of TCCI and TFA and by the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of 
TMCC.  The Issuers may increase the aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at 
any time under the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Programme 
Agreement dated 16 September 2022.

--- Page 57 ---
Page 57 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
Note (a “Temporary Global Note”) which will:  
(i) 
if the global Notes are to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to one of the international central securities depositaries as common safekeeper (the 
“Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and  
(ii) 
if the global Notes are not to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or a nominee for any other 
relevant clearing system (as applicable), 
without interest coupons or talons. 
Notes (including Notes in registered form issued by TCCI or TMCC, as described below) may be 
issued in a form that permits them to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any 
indication in the applicable Final Terms that the Notes are to be so held means that the Notes are to be 
deposited with the Common Safekeeper (and, in the case of Notes in registered form issued by TCCI or 
TMCC, registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  Any indication in the 
applicable Final Terms that the Notes are not to be so held means that should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting such criteria, the Notes may 
then be deposited with the Common Safekeeper (and in the case of Notes in registered form issued by 
TCCI or TMCC, registered in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Where the global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified whether such global Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  If the global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Notes will be the aggregate from time to time entered in the records of both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which expression in such global Note means the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of each such customer’s interest in the 
Notes) will be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note and, 
for such purposes, a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, stating that the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note at any time will be conclusive evidence of the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg at that time, as the case may be. 
While any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if 
any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the 
Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not issued in NGN form) only upon certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; provided, however, that no such certification will be required with respect to 
Notes that, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) have been issued in reliance on the procedures 
under United States Treasury regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any substantially similar 
successor United States Treasury regulations) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or (ii) have an initial maturity of 
183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum denomination 
of $500,000 (or the equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on the issue date) 
and are intended to comply with United States Treasury regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10). 
Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) either for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global Note (a “Permanent Global Note”) without interest 
coupons or talons; or  
(ii) 
for security-printed definitive Notes,

--- Page 58 ---
Page 58 
 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note: 
(a) 
on and after the date which is 40 days after completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes; or 
(b) 
at the option of the relevant Issuer (with the consent of the Lead Manager(s) of the Tranche(s) of 
Notes of the relevant Series) on the date which is 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
any additional issuance or issuances of one or more Tranches of Notes of the same Series that 
occurs within the 40 day period after the issue of the Temporary Global Note, 
(the latest of such dates in paragraphs (a) and (b) is referred to as the “Exchange Date”), 
provided that no such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be required with respect to 
Notes that, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) have been issued in compliance with the TEFRA 
C Rules or (ii) have an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to 
roll or extend), a minimum denomination of $500,000 (or the equivalent value in any other currency, 
determined at the spot rate on the issue date) and are intended to comply with United States Treasury 
regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10). 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or 
principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused.  Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) the 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued after the Exchange Date, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned security code numbers by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are different from the security code numbers assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Permanent Global Note will, unless otherwise agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, if the global Notes are issued in NGN form as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  If the global Notes are not issued in NGN form, the Permanent Global 
Note will be delivered to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
A Permanent Global Note will, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, be exchanged (free of 
charge) in whole, but not in part, for security printed definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached (i) at the request of the relevant Issuer; and/or (ii) upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event (as defined below). 
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 
9 under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) has occurred and is continuing; (ii) the relevant Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other agreed clearing system in 
which such Permanent Global Note is being held, have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, as a result, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such other agreed clearing system in which such Permanent Global Note is being held 
are no longer willing or able to discharge properly their responsibilities with respect to such Notes and 
the Agent and the relevant Issuer are unable to locate a qualified successor; or (iii) the relevant Issuer 
has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences as a result of a change in tax laws after the 
issuance of the Notes which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. 
The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing 
system in which such Permanent Global Note is being held (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the

--- Page 59 ---
Page 59 
 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also 
give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
If a portion of the Notes continues to be represented by the Temporary Global Note after the 
issuance of definitive Notes, the Temporary Global Note shall thereafter be exchangeable only for 
definitive Notes, subject to certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that no 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be required with respect to Notes that (i) are 
issued in reliance on the TEFRA C Rules or (ii) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, have an initial 
maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum 
denomination of $500,000 (or the equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on 
the issue date) and are intended to comply with United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-
5(b)(10). 
No definitive Note delivered in exchange for a Permanent Global Note or a Temporary Global 
Note shall be mailed or otherwise delivered to any locations in the United States of America in connection 
with such exchange.  Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes will be 
issued by the Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, other clearance systems may be used in addition to or 
in lieu of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provided that, in the case of an issue of Bearer Notes, 
such other clearance system is capable of complying with the certification requirements set forth in the 
Temporary Global Note or the Notes are issued in compliance with the TEFRA C Rules and any reference 
herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, except in 
relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include such other additional or alternative clearing 
system. 
Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes will be issued in bearer form only.  Definitive 
Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of Notes issued by TCCI or TMCC, if so indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, in registered form. 
For United States federal income tax purposes each Permanent Global Note and each definitive 
Note issued in bearer form which has an original maturity of more than 365 days (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) issued by TMF, TCCI or TFA (other than Notes issued 
in compliance with the TEFRA C Rules) and any interest coupon which may be detached therefrom (or, 
if the obligation is evidenced by a book entry, appears in the book or record in which the book entry is 
made) will carry the following legend: 
“Any United States person (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who holds 
this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that United States Noteholders, with certain 
exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled 
to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition or payment of principal in respect of Notes 
or interest coupons. 
For United States federal tax purposes each Temporary Global Note, each Permanent Global Note 
and each definitive Note issued in bearer form which has an original maturity of 183 days or less (taking 
into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum denomination of $500,000 (or the 
equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on the issue date) and, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, is intended to comply with United States Treasury Regulations Section 
1.6049-5(b)(10) and any interest coupon which may be detached therefrom (or, if the obligation is 
evidenced by a book entry, appears in the book or record in which the book entry is made) will carry the 
following legend: 
“By accepting this obligation, the holder represents and warrants that it is not a United States 
person (other than an exempt recipient described in Section 6049(b)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
the United States and the regulations thereunder) and that it is not acting for or on behalf of a United 
States person (other than an exempt recipient described in Section 6049(b)(4) of the Internal Revenue 
Code and the regulations thereunder).” 
Unless Notes issued by TMF, TCCI or TFA in bearer form will be issued, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in compliance with the TEFRA C Rules, Notes issued by TMF, TCCI or TFA in 
bearer form will be issued in compliance with United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-

--- Page 60 ---
Page 60 
 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any substantially similar successor United States Treasury regulations) (the “D Rules”) 
and Notes issued by TMCC with maturities at issuance of 183 days or less (taking into consideration 
unilateral rights to roll or extend) and in a face amount or nominal amount of not less than U.S.$500,000 
(as determined based on the spot rate on the date of issuance if such Notes are issued in a currency other 
than U.S. dollars) that, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are intended to comply with United 
States Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-5(b)(10), will be issued in compliance with the D Rules 
(excluding the certification requirement). 
TMCC will not issue notes in bearer form with a maturity at issuance of more than 183 days 
(taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend). 
Notes may be issued in registered form (“Registered Notes”) by either TCCI or TMCC, subject to 
applicable laws and regulations.  Each Tranche of Registered Notes issued by TCCI or TMCC will be 
represented on issue by a registered global Note (each a “Registered Global Note”) which will be (a) if 
the applicable Final Terms specify the Registered Notes are intended to held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility (being the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”)), deposited on the relevant 
Issue Date with the Common Safekeeper; or (b) if the applicable Final Terms specify the Registered 
Notes are not intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, deposited on 
the relevant Issue Date with a nominee or a depositary or common depositary for the agreed clearing 
system(s).  Such Registered Global Note will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes in definitive 
form except on an Exchange Event (as that term is defined in the Registered Global Note).  With respect 
to each Tranche of Registered Notes, TCCI has appointed, under an amended and restated note agency 
agreement dated 17 September 2021 (the “TCCI Note Agency Agreement”), and TMCC has appointed 
under a note agency agreement dated 17 September 2021 (the “TMCC Note Agency Agreement”), a 
registrar or registrars and a transfer agent and paying agent and may appoint other or additional transfer 
agents or paying agents, either generally or in respect of a particular Series of Registered Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Notes will be represented by: 
(i) 
a Temporary Global Note in bearer form without Coupons which will be deposited with a common 
depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on or about the Issue Date or a date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
that the Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note in bearer form on 
and after the Exchange Date and (except for Notes (x) with an initial maturity of 183 days or less 
(taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum denomination of 
$500,000 (or its equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on the Issue 
Date) and specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to comply with United States 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) and (y) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
that have been issued in reliance on TEFRA C Rules) upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership; or 
(ii) 
a Temporary Global Note in bearer form without Coupons which will be deposited with a common 
depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on or about the Issue Date or a date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
that the Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for security printed definitive Notes on and after 
the Exchange Date and (except for Notes (x) with an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking 
into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum denomination of $500,000 (or 
its equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on the Issue Date) and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to comply with United States Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) and (y) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, that have 
been issued in reliance on TEFRA C Rules) upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; 
or 
(iii) 
a Permanent Global Note in bearer form without Coupons which will be deposited with a common 
depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on or about the Issue Date or a date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
that the Permanent Global Note is exchangeable (free of charge) in whole, but not in part, for 
security printed definitive Notes either (a) at the request of the relevant Issuer; and/or (b) upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined in the Permanent Global Note); or 
(iv) 
in the case of TCCI or TMCC only, a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. (in the case of TCCI only) or a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and

--- Page 61 ---
Page 61 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system exchangeable (free of charge) for security 
printed definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event (as defined in the Registered Global Note). 
The exchange of a Permanent Global Note or a Registered Global Note for printed definitive Notes 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any Noteholder) or at any 
time at the request of the relevant Issuer should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms if the Notes are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher multiples of another smaller amount such as 
€1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).  Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction 
is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for printed definitive Notes. 
Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law 
of 14 December 2005. 
Each Issuer may agree with any Dealer that there may be a secondary distribution (“Uridashi”) of 
the Notes (“Uridashi Notes”) to be made in Japan in compliance with the terms of a securities registration 
statement, amendments thereto and supplemental documents that have been, or will be, filed by the 
relevant Issuer with the Director-General of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance 
of Japan with respect to such secondary distribution of Uridashi Notes in Japan and in accordance with 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan or under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese 
governmental and regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. 
Each Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which case a new Prospectus will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
Page 62 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 (OR EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EEA OR UK REGULATED 
MARKET (AND NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED 
MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  [For these purposes, a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).] [Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  [For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [(the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”)].] [Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors [(limited to those resident in [insert 
relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)], professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,]/[and] professional clients [outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”),] [and]/[as 
well as] retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] only),] each as defined 
in [MiFID II]/[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients [outside the EEA,] and retail clients [(limited 
to those resident in [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)] are appropriate[, subject to compliance with 
applicable [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.] [; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels [outside the EEA with all 
sales], subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under [MiFID II, as 
applicable.]/[[insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors [(limited to those resident in [insert 
relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)], professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)[,]/[and] professional

--- Page 63 ---
Page 63 
 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”) [outside the United 
Kingdom (“UK”),] [and]/[as well as] retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] only)] as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended]/[EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties, 
professional clients [outside the UK,] and retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] only)] are appropriate[, subject to compliance with applicable [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.] [; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK 
distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels [outside the UK with all sales], subject to the UK distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under [COBS, as applicable.]/[[insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws 
and regulations.]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II]/[Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]1 2 
 
1 Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend 
Singapore product classification. 
2 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product 
classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 64 ---
Page 64 
 
Final Terms 
Dated [         ] 
[TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V.] 
[TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC.] 
[TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED (ABN 48 002 435 181)] 
[TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION] 
[Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): [     ]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €60,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
established by 
Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc.,  
Toyota Finance Australia Limited and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Prospectus dated 16 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to 
it dated [date] [and [date]]], including all documents incorporated by reference ([the Prospectus as so 
supplemented,] the “Prospectus”) which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined [above/below]) and the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined [above/below]).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Prospectus has been published on the 
website 
of 
the 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in and extracted from the Prospectus dated [17 
September 2021/18 September 2020/13 September 2019/14 September 2018] and which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus dated 16 September 2022.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined [above/below]) and 
the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined [above/below]) and must be read in conjunction with the 
Prospectus dated 16 September 2022, including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in it 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], including all documents incorporated by reference 
([the Prospectus as so supplemented,] the “Prospectus”) which constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.  The Prospectus has been published on the website of the London Stock Exchange 
at https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) [and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
[United Kingdom/UK] domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended/EUWA]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted).  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Credit Support Providers: 
Toyota Motor Corporation 
LEI - 5493006W3QUS5LMH6R84

--- Page 65 ---
Page 65 
 
Toyota Financial Services Corporation 
LEI - 353800WDOBRSAV97BA75 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[         ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[         ]  
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus [         ] days’ accrued interest in 
respect of the period from, and including, 
[insert date] to, but excluding, [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
[[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000].] 
  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[         ] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. 
If 
there 
is 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination insert the highest common factor 
of those Specified Denominations.  N.B. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[         ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[         ]  
[Fixed rate - Specify date / Floating rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
(N.B. The Maturity Date may need to be not less 
than one year after the Issue Date and, in the 
case of Notes issued by TMF, should not be 
more than 50 years after the Issue Date)

--- Page 66 ---
Page 66 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Rate Step-up/Step-down] 
[[         ] month 
[EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SOFR/ 
SONIA] +/– [         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph 16/17/18 below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Redemption at par 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date, 
up to (but excluding) [specify date] paragraph 
[16/17] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [specify date], up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date, paragraph [16/17] applies] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put Option] 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call Option] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(See paragraph(s) 19/20/21/22 below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Nature of the Credit Support: 
See “Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with 
the Parent” in the Prospectus dated 16 
September 2022 
14. 
Date [Board]/[Executive Committee of the 
Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] 
15. 
Negative Pledge covenant set out in 
Condition 3: 
Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable [[         ] in 
arrear] on each Interest Payment Date [from, 
and including, [         ] to, but excluding, 
[         ]] [. The first Fixed Interest Period shall 
be the period commencing on, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on, but excluding, [         ] (short first coupon)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [and [         ]] in each year from, and 
including, [         ] up to, and including, [the 
Maturity Date]/[         ] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
the 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]]/ [         ] [with the Additional 
Business Centres for the definition of “Business 
Day” being [         ]] [[adjusted]/[with no 
adjustment] for period end dates]/[. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fixed Coupon Amount 
[and the Broken Amount] shall remain 
unadjusted]

--- Page 67 ---
Page 67 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to 
the Notes in definitive form) and [         ] per 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), 
payable [[         ] in arrear] on [         ]/[each 
Interest Payment Date][, except for the amount 
of interest payable on the [first]/[last] Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
on 
[         ]][. 
[This]/[These] 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[s] 
appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are represented by a 
global Note or are in definitive form] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to 
the Notes in definitive form) and [         ] per 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), 
payable on the [first]/[last] Interest Payment 
Date falling on [         ]] [. This Broken Amount 
applies if the Notes are represented by a global 
Note or are in definitive form]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Fixed] Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/ [30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Method]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.  N.B. Only relevant 
where the Fixed Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
[Specified]/[Interest] 
Period(s)/[Specified] Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[         ] / [         ] in each year [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[         ] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent) (the 
“Calculation Agent”): 
[         ] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/[SOFR/
SONIA] 
 
 
- Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
Rate]/[SOFR 
Rate]/[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate]/[Compounded 
Index 
Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- D: 
[365]/[         ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 68 ---
Page 68 
 
 
 
- Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre (if 
other than set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Specify other Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
(First day of each Interest Period if CDOR, the 
second day on which TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR, second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, the [      ] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period if SOFR and the [      ] London 
Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date for each Interest Period if 
SONIA) 
 
 
- Relevant Number: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable]  
(Insert page on which the Reference Rate is for 
the time being displayed on Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service or Dow Jones Markets 
Limited 
for 
EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/ SONIA) 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
 
- Specified Time: 
[11:00 a.m. 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] time] 
[In the case of EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/ 
[10:00 a.m. Toronto time] [In the case of 
CDOR]/[[         ] in the case of SONIA]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- Reference Banks: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[         ] London Banking Days (for 
SONIA)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period or Specified Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation  
(Specify for each short or long Interest Period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[         ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 69 ---
Page 69 
 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
19. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice periods (if other than set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
20. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
[(i)] 
[Par Call Period:] 
[From (and including) [         ] (the “Par Call 
Period 
Commencement 
Date” 
to 
(but 
excluding) the Maturity Date)] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Notice periods (if other than set 
out in the Conditions):] 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Issuer Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ]/[at any time that is prior to the Par Call 
Period Commencement Date] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Special 
Redemption Amount]/[Canada Yield Price] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Par Call Date: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Specified Time for Special 
Redemption Amount: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[         ] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
Page 70 
 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent (if not the 
Agent) (the “Calculation Agent”): 
[Not Applicable]/[         ] 
 
(ix) 
Notice periods (if other than set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
22. 
Investor Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or other earlier redemption: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
 
[         ] 
(Insert description that is consistent with one of 
the options in the “Form of the Notes” section 
of the Prospectus) 
26. 
[New Global Note]/[New Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraph 16(ii) or 17(iv) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes: 
[No]/[Yes.  As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.] 
29. 
Reference Currency Equivalent (if different 
from US dollars as set out in Condition 
5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Defined terms/Spot Rate (if different from 
that set out in Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
31. 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate for the purposes 
of Condition 5(h) (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) for the purposes 
of Conditions 5(a) and 5(h): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
33. 
Settlement (if different from that set out in 
Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
34. 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name].  As at the date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and/or the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority] pursuant to Article 36

--- Page 71 ---
Page 71 
 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 [and/or Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018, 
as 
amended]/[EUWA][, 
respectively]]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
Page 72 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[With respect to any information included herein 
and specified to be sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information available 
to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[NAME OF ISSUER] 
By: 
………………………………………………….…. 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
cc: The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London branch 
[Registered Notes – BNY Trust Company of Canada / The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch (TCCI only)] 
[Registered Notes – The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (TMCC only)]

--- Page 73 ---
Page 73 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the London Stock 
Exchange’s main market] [Euronext Dublin’s regulated 
market] and for listing on [the Official List of the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority] [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin] with effect from [       ].] / [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.)  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Credit Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Moody’s Japan K.K. (“Moody’s Japan”): [         ]] 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”): [          ]] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Japan Inc. (“Standard & Poor’s Japan”): [          ]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”): [          ]] 
 
(Need to include an explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[Moody’s Japan, Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s Japan and 
Fitch are not established in the European Union or the UK and 
have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) or 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the [[European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018, 
as 
amended]/[EUWA]] 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”), respectively.  However, Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH has endorsed the ratings of Moody’s Japan and 
Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited has endorsed 
the ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited has endorsed the ratings of Fitch, in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd. has endorsed the ratings of Moody’s Japan and 
Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited has endorsed the 
ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch Ratings Ltd has 
endorsed the ratings of Fitch, in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd., S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch 
Ratings Ltd is established in the UK and is registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
[The Issuer has not applied to Moody’s [Japan] or Standard & 
Poor’s Japan [or Fitch] for ratings to be assigned to the Notes.]

--- Page 74 ---
Page 74 
 
 
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is 
not a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations 
Act 
2001 
of 
Australia 
(“Australian 
Corporations Act”) and is also a person in respect of whom 
disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Australian Corporations Act, and (b) who is otherwise 
permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with 
applicable law in any jurisdiction in which the person may be 
located.  Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled to 
receive this Final Terms and anyone who receives this Final 
Terms must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled 
to receive it. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save [as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Prospectus] / [as set out below] / [for any 
fees payable to the [Purchasers/Dealers/Managers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  [The 
[Purchasers/Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in the ordinary course of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate 
finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform the services for, the Issuer and its affiliates and/or for companies involved directly or 
indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate.]  (Amend as appropriate 
if there are any other interests.) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
[As set out in “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus dated 16 
September 2022]/[         ] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Prospectus – if the 
reasons for the offer are different from what is disclosed in 
the Prospectus, give details here, including, as the case may 
be, details of Eligibility Models, Eligibility Criteria and 
Use of Proceeds Report (including the website location of 
the Use of Proceeds Report and details of compliance 
monitoring)) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION   
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment

--- Page 75 ---
Page 75 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered Notes]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] / [Note that the designation “no” means 
that should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting such 
criteria, the Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) 
as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered Notes]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] (Include 
this text if “yes” or “no” is selected in which case bearer 
Notes must be issued in NGN form and registered Notes 
must be held under the NSS.) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(a) Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(b) Date of Syndicate 
 
Purchase 
Agreement: 
[         ] 
 
(c) Stabilisation 
 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer/Purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not 
Applicable] 
(TEFRA D, except for certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, will apply to all Notes issued by TMCC that 
have an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend)) 
(For Notes issued by TMF, TCCI and TFA, specify if Notes 
have been issued in reliance on either TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D) 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 76 ---
Page 76 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
Applicable

--- Page 77 ---
Page 77 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EEA OR UK REGULATED 
MARKET (OTHER THAN A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) 
AND/OR OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS IN THE EEA OR THE 
UK  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  [For these purposes, a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).] [Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  [For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [(the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”)].] [Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors [(limited to those resident in [insert 
relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)], professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,]/[and] professional clients [outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”),] [and]/[as 
well as] retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] only),] each as defined 
in [MiFID II]/[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients [outside the EEA,] and retail clients [(limited 
to those resident in [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)] are appropriate[, subject to compliance with 
applicable [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.] [; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels [outside the EEA with all 
sales], subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under [MiFID II, as 
applicable.]/[[insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors [(limited to those resident in [insert 
relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)], professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties,

--- Page 78 ---
Page 78 
 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)[,]/[and] professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”) [outside the United 
Kingdom (“UK”),] [and]/[as well as] retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] only)] as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended]/[EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties, 
professional clients [outside the UK,] and retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] only)] are appropriate[, subject to compliance with applicable [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.] [; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK 
distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels [outside the UK with all sales], subject to the UK distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under [COBS, as applicable.]/[[insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws 
and regulations.]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II]/[Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]1 2 
 
1 Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend 
Singapore product classification. 
2 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product 
classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 79 ---
Page 79 
 
Final Terms 
Dated [         ] 
[TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V.] 
[TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC.] 
[TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED (ABN 48 002 435 181)] 
[TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION] 
[Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): [     ]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €60,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
established by 
Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc.,  
Toyota Finance Australia Limited and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
[in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9 of Part B below, provided such 
person is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer Period 
specified in that paragraph; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]3 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer or Manager 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
[above/below]) or Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended[, the 
“FSMA”]), or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined [above/below]), in each case, in relation 
to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer or Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Prospectus dated 16 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to 
it dated [date] [and [date]]], including all documents incorporated by reference ([the Prospectus as so 
supplemented,] the “Prospectus”) which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  A 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.  The Prospectus has been published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in and extracted from the Prospectus dated [17 
September 2021/18 September 2020/13 September 2019/14 September 2018] and which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus dated 16 September 2022.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 16 September 2022, including the 
Conditions which are incorporated by reference in it [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]]], including all documents incorporated by reference ([the Prospectus as so supplemented,] the 
“Prospectus”) which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
 
3  Include this wording where a Non-exempt Offer of Notes and/or a UK Public Offer of Notes is/are 
anticipated.

--- Page 80 ---
Page 80 
 
UK Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information.  A summary of the issue of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.  The Prospectus has been published on the website of the London 
Stock Exchange at https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-
home.html and the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) [and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
[United Kingdom/UK] domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended/EUWA]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted).  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[         ]  
 
(ii) 
Credit Support Providers: 
Toyota Motor Corporation 
LEI - 5493006W3QUS5LMH6R84 
Toyota Financial Services Corporation 
LEI - 353800WDOBRSAV97BA75 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
[(iii)
] 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series:  
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[         ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[         ]  
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[         ]  
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus [        ] days’ accrued interest in respect of 
the period from, and including, [insert date] to, 
but excluding, [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ]  
[N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR1,000 (or equivalent) if there is a listing 
on a regulated market in the EEA, a Non-exempt 
Offer, a listing on the London Stock Exchange’s 
main market and/or a UK Public Offer] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[         ] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. 
If 
there 
is 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination insert the highest common factor 
of those Specified Denominations.  N.B. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[         ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero 
Coupon Notes)

--- Page 81 ---
Page 81 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[         ] 
[Fixed rate - Specify date / Floating rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
(N.B. The Maturity Date may need to be not less 
than one year after the Issue Date and, in the 
case of Notes issued by TMF, should not be more 
than 50 years after the Issue Date) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Rate Step-up/Step-down] 
[[         ] month 
[EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SOFR/ 
SONIA] +/– [         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph 16/17/18 below) 
10
. 
Redemption Basis:  
Redemption at par 
11
. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date, up 
to (but excluding) [specify date] paragraph 
[16/17] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [specify date], up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date, paragraph [16/17] applies] 
12
. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put Option] 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call Option] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Not Applicable]  
[(See paragraph(s) 19/20/21/22 below)] 
13
. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Nature of the Credit Support: 
See “Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with 
the Parent” in the Prospectus dated 16 
September 2022 
14
. 
Date [Board]/[Executive Committee of the 
Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] 
15
. 
Negative Pledge covenant set out in Condition 
3: 
Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
16
. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable [[         ] in 
arrear] on each Interest Payment Date [from, and 
including, [         ] to, but excluding, [         ]] [. 
The first Fixed Interest Period shall be the period 
commencing on, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on, but 
excluding, [         ] (short first coupon)]

--- Page 82 ---
Page 82 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [and [         ]] in each year from, and 
including, [         ] up to, and including, [the 
Maturity Date]/[         ] [adjusted in accordance 
with the [Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]]/ [         ] [with the Additional 
Business Centres for the definition of “Business 
Day” being [         ]] [[adjusted]/[with no 
adjustment] for period end dates]/[. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fixed Coupon Amount 
[and the Broken Amount] shall remain 
unadjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to 
the Notes in definitive form) and [         ] per 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), payable 
[[         ] in arrear] on [         ]/[each Interest 
Payment Date][, except for the amount of 
interest payable on the [first]/[last] Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
on 
[         ]][. 
[This]/[These] 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[s] 
appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are represented by a 
global Note or are in definitive form] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to 
the Notes in definitive form) and [         ] per 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), payable 
on the [first]/[last] Interest Payment Date falling 
on [         ]] [. This Broken Amount applies if the 
Notes are represented by a global Note or are in 
definitive form]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Fixed] Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/ [30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Method]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year] / [Not Applicable]  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.  N.B. Only relevant 
where the Fixed Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
17
. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
[Specified]/[Interest] 
Period(s)/[Specified] Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[         ] / [         ] in each year [subject to adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[         ] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business  
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business  
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day  
Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ]

--- Page 83 ---
Page 83 
 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent) (the “Calculation 
Agent”): 
[         ] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[         ] month 
[EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/[SOFR/
SONIA] 
 
 
- Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR Rate]/[SOFR 
Rate]/[Compounded Daily Rate]/[Compounded 
Index Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- D: 
[365]/[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre (if other 
than set out in the Conditions): 
[Specify other Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
(First day of each Interest Period if CDOR, the 
second day on which TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR, second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, the [      ] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period if SOFR and the [      ] London 
Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date for each Interest Period if 
SONIA) 
 
 
- Relevant Number: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert page on which the Reference Rate is for 
the time being displayed on Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service or Dow Jones Markets 
Limited 
for 
EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA) 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
 
- Specified Time: 
[11:00 a.m. [London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] 
time] 
[In the case of EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/ 
[10:00 a.m. Toronto time] [In the case of 
CDOR]/[[         ] in the case of SONIA]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- Reference Banks: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[         ] London Banking Days (for 
SONIA)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period or Specified Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation  
(Specify for each short or long Interest Period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 84 ---
Page 84 
 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[         ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
18
. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
19
. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice periods (if other than set out in 
the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
20
. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
[(i)] 
[Par Call Period:] 
[From (and including) [         ] (the “Par Call 
Period Commencement Date” to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date)] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Notice periods (if other than set out 
in the Conditions):] 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
21
. 
Issuer Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ]/[at any time that is prior to the Par Call 
Period Commencement Date] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Special 
Redemption Amount]/[Canada Yield Price] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Par Call Date: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Specified Time for Special 
Redemption Amount: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
Page 85 
 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[         ] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent (if not the Agent) 
(the “Calculation Agent”): 
[Not Applicable]/[         ] 
 
(ix) 
Notice periods (if other than set out in 
the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
22
. 
Investor Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23
. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24
. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other earlier redemption: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
25
. 
Form of Notes: 
[         ] 
(Insert description that is consistent with one of 
the options in the “Form of the Notes” section 
of the Prospectus) 
26
. 
[New Global Note]/[New Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27
. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraph 16(ii) or 17(iv) relates) 
28
. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes: 
[No]/[Yes.  As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.] 
29
. 
Reference Currency Equivalent (if different 
from US dollars as set out in Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30
. 
Defined terms/Spot Rate (if different from 
that set out in Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
31
. 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Spot Rate for the purposes of Condition 
5(h) (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32
.  
RMB Settlement Centre(s) for the purposes of 
Conditions 5(a) and 5(h): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
33
. 
Settlement (if different from that set out in 
Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 86 ---
Page 86 
 
34
. 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name].  As at the date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and/or the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority] pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
[and/or Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended]/ 
[EUWA][, 
respectively]]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
Page 87 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]/[With respect to any information included herein and specified 
to be sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from 
such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]   
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[NAME OF ISSUER] 
By: 
………………………………………………..…. 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
cc: The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London branch 
[Registered Notes – BNY Trust Company of Canada / The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch (TCCI only)] 
[Registered Notes – The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (TMCC only)]

--- Page 88 ---
Page 88 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the London Stock 
Exchange’s main market] [Euronext Dublin’s regulated market] 
and for listing on [the Official List of the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority] [the Official List of Euronext Dublin]  with effect 
from [          ].] / [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)] with effect from [        ].] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Credit Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Moody’s Japan K.K. (“Moody’s Japan”): [         ]] 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”): [          ]] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Japan 
Inc. (“Standard & Poor’s Japan”): [          ]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”): [          ]] 
 
(Need to include an explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[Moody’s Japan, Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s Japan and Fitch 
are not established in the European Union or the UK and have 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) or Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the [[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended]/[EUWA]] (the “UK CRA Regulation”), respectively.  
However, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH has endorsed the ratings 
of Moody’s Japan and Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited has endorsed the ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, 
and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has endorsed the ratings of 
Fitch, in accordance with the CRA Regulation and Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. has endorsed the ratings of Moody’s 
Japan and Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited has 
endorsed the ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch 
Ratings Ltd has endorsed the ratings of Fitch, in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd., S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd is 
established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
[The Issuer has not applied to Moody’s [Japan] or Standard & 
Poor’s Japan [or Fitch] for ratings to be assigned to the Notes.] 
 
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not 
a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G of the

--- Page 89 ---
Page 89 
 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (“Australian Corporations 
Act”) and is also a person in respect of whom disclosure is not 
required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations 
Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings 
in accordance with applicable law in any jurisdiction in which 
the person may be located.  Anyone who is not such a person is 
not entitled to receive this Final Terms and anyone who receives 
this Final Terms must not distribute it to any person who is not 
entitled to receive it. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save [as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Prospectus] / [as set out below] / [for any 
fees payable to the [Purchasers/Dealers/Managers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  [The 
[Purchasers/Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in the ordinary course of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate 
finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform the services for, the Issuer and its affiliates and/or for companies involved directly or 
indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate.]  (Amend as appropriate 
if there are any other interests.) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i)] Reasons for the 
offer: 
[         ] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Prospectus – if the 
reasons for the offer are different from what is disclosed in the 
Prospectus, give details here, including, as the case may be, 
details of Eligibility Models, Eligibility Criteria and Use of 
Proceeds Report (including the website location of the Use of 
Proceeds Report and details of compliance monitoring)) 
[(ii)] Estimated net 
proceeds: 
[         ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds are insufficient 
to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding) 
[(iii)] Estimated total 
expenses: 
[         ]  
(Include breakdown of expenses (e.g. legal fees))  
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
Calculated as [include specific details of method of calculation 
in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES  
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA] rates can be 
obtained, [but not] free of charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION   
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ]

--- Page 90 ---
Page 90 
 
(iii) Any clearing 
system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and 
the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv)  Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment  
(v)  
Names and 
addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held 
in a manner which 
would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered Notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] / [Note that the designation “no” 
means that should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting such 
criteria, the Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered Notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
(Include this text if “yes” or “no” is selected in which case 
bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form and registered Notes 
must be held under the NSS.) 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of 
distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(a) Names and 
addresses of 
Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers.) 
(b) Date of 
Syndicate 
Purchase 
Agreement: 
[         ]

--- Page 91 ---
Page 91 
 
(c) Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[         ] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, 
name and address of 
Dealer/Purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) 
Indication of the 
overall amount of 
the underwriting 
commission and of 
the placing 
commission: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v) 
U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not 
Applicable] 
(TEFRA D, except for certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, will apply to all Notes issued by TMCC that have an 
initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration 
unilateral rights to roll or extend)) 
(For Notes issued by TMF, TCCI and TFA, specify if Notes have 
been issued in reliance on either TEFRA C or TEFRA D) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – see paragraph 9 below.]  
(ix) 
UK Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – see paragraph 9 below.]  
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to Belgian 
Consumers: 
Applicable 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC OFFER 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland has provided the competent authorities in each of [Austria, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway and Spain [delete irrelevant ones]] 
([together with Ireland [and the United Kingdom]], the “Public Offer Jurisdictions”) with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus dated 16 September 2022 has been drawn 
up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  Copies of these Final Terms will be provided to the 
competent authorities in the Public Offer Jurisdictions. 
[The Issuer has agreed to allow the use of these Final Terms and the Prospectus in each of the 
Public Offer Jurisdictions by each of the Managers [and [specify, if applicable, names of other 
financial intermediaries making non-exempt offers]] and any [other] placers authorised directly 
or indirectly by [the Issuer or] any of the Managers (on behalf of the Issuer) involved in the 
offer which acknowledges on its website (i) that it has been duly appointed as a financial 
intermediary to offer the Notes during the Offer Period, (ii) that it is relying on the Issuer’s 
Base Prospectus and these Final Terms for [such Non-exempt Offer] [and/or] [such UK Public 
Offer] with the consent of the Issuer and (iii) the conditions attached to that consent (the 
“Placers”) in connection with possible offers of the Notes to the public, other than pursuant to 
[Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation] [and] [Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation], in the Public Offer Jurisdictions during the Offer Period (as defined below).] 
[Investors (as defined on page 12 of the Prospectus) intending to acquire or acquiring the Notes 
from any Authorised Offeror (as defined on page 12 of the Prospectus) should make 
appropriate enquiries as to whether that Authorised Offeror is acting in association with the 
Issuer.  Whether or not the Authorised Offeror is described as acting in association with the 
Issuer, the Issuer’s only relationship is with the Managers and the Issuer has no relationship

--- Page 92 ---
Page 92 
 
with or obligation to, nor shall it have any relationship with or obligation to, an Investor, save 
as may arise under any applicable law or regulation.] 
[UK Investors (as defined on page 13 of the Prospectus) intending to acquire or acquiring the 
Notes from any UK Authorised Offeror (as defined on page 13 of the Prospectus) should make 
appropriate enquiries as to whether that UK Authorised Offeror is acting in association with 
the Issuer.  Whether or not the UK Authorised Offeror is described as acting in association 
with the Issuer, the Issuer’s only relationship is with the Managers and the Issuer has no 
relationship with or obligation to, nor shall it have any relationship with or obligation to, a UK 
Investor, save as may arise under any applicable law or regulation.] 
The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Managers pursuant to and in accordance with 
the terms of the Syndicate Purchase Agreement.  All sales to persons other than the Managers 
will be made by the Managers or persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make 
arrangements with, including the Placers.  The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers and/or 
sales of Notes to, or purchases of Notes by, Investors and/or UK Investors at any time 
(including during the Offer Period) (other than in respect of offers and sales to, and purchases 
of Notes by, the Managers and only then pursuant to the Syndicate Purchase Agreement) which 
are made by Managers or Placers or any [other Authorised Offeror] [or any] [other UK 
Authorised Offeror] in accordance with the arrangements in place between any such Manager, 
Placer, [other Authorised Offeror] [or] [other UK Authorised Offeror] and its customers.  Any 
person selling Notes at any time during the Offer Period may not be a financial intermediary 
of the Issuer; any person selling Notes at any time after the Offer Period is not a financial 
intermediary of the Issuer. 
 
Each of the Managers has acknowledged and agreed, and any Placer purchasing Notes from a 
Manager will be notified by that Manager that by accepting such Notes such Placer undertakes 
that for the purpose of offer(s) of the Notes (i) for the duration of the Offer Period, such Placer 
will publish on its website (a) that it has been duly appointed as a financial intermediary to 
offer the Notes during the Offer Period, (b) it is relying on the Prospectus for such offer(s) with 
the consent of the Issuer and (c) the conditions attached to that consent and (ii) the Issuer has 
passported the Prospectus into [Austria, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, 
Norway and Spain [delete irrelevant ones]] and will not passport the Prospectus into any other 
European Economic Area Member State; accordingly, the Notes may only be publicly offered 
in Public Offer Jurisdictions during the Offer Period or offered to qualified investors (as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) or otherwise in compliance with Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in any 
other European Economic Area Member State, or otherwise in compliance with Article 1(4) 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the UK, pursuant to and in accordance with the Prospectus 
and these Final Terms (without modification or supplement); and that all offers of Notes by it 
will be made only in accordance with the selling restrictions set forth in the Prospectus and the 
provisions of these Final Terms and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Manager to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of [the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended/the FSMA] (or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) or 
to take any other action in any jurisdiction other than as described above. [Give any details of 
any specific terms and conditions and agreements applicable in any of the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions] 
(i) 
Offer Period: 
[From the date of, and following, publication of these Final 
Terms being [         ] to [         ].] / [give details] 
(ii) 
Offer Price: 
[The Issuer has offered and will sell the Notes to the Managers 
(and no one else) at the Issue Price of [         ] per cent. less a 
total commission [and concession] of [   ] per cent. of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes.  Managers and Placers 
will offer and sell the Notes to their customers in accordance 
with arrangements in place between each such Manager and its 
customers (including Placers) or each such Placer and its 
customers by reference to the Issue Price and market conditions 
prevailing at the time.] / [give details]

--- Page 93 ---
Page 93 
 
(iii) Conditions to which 
the offer is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue and are subject 
to such conditions as are set out in the Syndicate Purchase 
Agreement.  As between Managers and their customers 
(including Placers) or between Placers and their customers, 
offers of the Notes are further subject to such conditions as may 
be agreed between them and/or as is specified in the 
arrangements in place between them.] / [give details of any 
conditions to which Offers may be subject in any of the Public 
Offer Jurisdictions] 
(iv) 
Description of the 
application process: 
[A prospective Noteholder will purchase the Notes in 
accordance with the arrangements in place between the relevant 
Manager and its customers or the relevant Placer and its 
customers, relating to the purchase of securities generally.  
Noteholders (other than Managers) will not enter into any 
contractual arrangements directly with the Issuer in connection 
with the offer or purchase of the Notes.] / [give any details of the 
application process in any of the Public Offer Jurisdictions] 
(v) 
Description of 
possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and 
the manner for 
refunding amounts 
paid in excess by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(vi) 
Details of the 
minimum and/or 
maximum amount of 
the application: 
[There are no pre-identified allotment criteria.  The Managers 
and the Placers will adopt allotment and/or application criteria 
in accordance with customary market practices and applicable 
laws and regulations and/or as otherwise agreed between them.] 
/ [give any details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
the application] / [Not Applicable] 
(vii) Method and time 
limits for paying up 
and delivering the 
Notes: 
[The Notes will be purchased by the Managers from the Issuer 
on a delivery versus payment basis on the Issue Date.  
Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the relevant 
Manager or Placer of their allocations of Notes and the 
settlement arrangements in respect thereof.] / [give any details 
of method and time limits for paying up and delivering the 
Notes] 
(viii) Manner in and date 
on which results of 
the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(ix) 
Procedure for 
exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, 
negotiability of 
subscription rights 
and treatment of 
subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(x) 
Whether tranche(s) 
have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xi) 
Process for notifying 
applicants of the 
amount allotted and 
an indication 
whether dealing may 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the relevant 
Manager or Placer in accordance with the arrangements in place 
between such Managers or Placers and its customers.  Any 
dealings in the Notes which take place will be at the risk of 
prospective Noteholders.] / [give details] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 94 ---
Page 94 
 
begin before 
notification is made: 
(xii) Amount of any 
expenses and taxes 
charged to the 
subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xiii) Name(s) and 
address(es), to the 
extent known to the 
Issuer, of the Placers 
in the various 
countries where the 
offer takes place: 
[None known to the Issuer] / [specify] 
 
[Summary of the Notes to be inserted if applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
Page 95 
 
PROGRAMME MEMORANDUM AND FORM OF ISSUE TERMS 
Pages 95 to 110 of this document comprise a programme memorandum (the “Programme 
Memorandum”) in respect of Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) and Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market (“Exempt Notes”). 
The Programme Memorandum does not constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and does 
not form part of the Prospectus.  The FCA and the CBI have neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in the Programme Memorandum in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme Memorandum is to be read in conjunction with the following sections of 
the Prospectus: 
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT ..................................................................................................... 4 
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS? .................................................................................... 7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 9 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY ........................................................................ 14 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION ................................................................................. 17 
STABILISATION .................................................................................................................... 18 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................... 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................... 54 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................... 56 
FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................... 57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................... 111 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS ............................................................................................ 158 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................. 163 
TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V. (“TMF”) ...................................... 164 
TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC. (“TCCI”) ..................................................................... 166 
TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED (“TFA”) (ABN 48 002 435 181) ................ 167 
TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION (“TMCC”) .................................................. 171 
RELATIONSHIP OF TFS AND THE ISSUERS WITH THE PARENT .............................. 179 
TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION (“TFS”) .......................................... 182 
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION (“TMC”) .................................................................... 185 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 194 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................... 208 
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................. 221 
 
Each of the above sections of the Prospectus shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein and, for the purposes of Exempt Notes, shall be deemed amended as follows, in each case, to the 
extent applicable: 
(a) 
any reference therein to “Prospectus” or “Base Prospectus” will be deemed to be a 
reference to “Programme Memorandum”;

--- Page 96 ---
Page 96 
 
(b) 
any reference therein to “Final Terms” will be deemed to be a reference to “Issue 
Terms”, and 
(c) 
any reference to “Notes” will be deemed to be a reference to “Exempt Notes”. 
Any supplement(s) to the Prospectus published after the date hereof shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this Programme Memorandum. 
The specific terms of each issuance of Exempt Notes (including any terms not contained in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” such as the aggregate nominal amount, the issue type, the issue 
date, the issue price and the redemption date) will be set out in an Issue Terms document.  The form of 
the Issue Terms document is set out in the Schedule to this Programme Memorandum. 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Exempt Notes will comprise the terms set out 
under the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, as completed by the Issue Terms, which 
is specific to that issuance of Exempt Notes.  Capitalised terms used in this Programme Memorandum 
shall, unless otherwise defined, have the same meaning as set forth in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. 
The Programme Memorandum has been published on the website of the London Stock Exchange 
at https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.

--- Page 97 ---
Page 97 
 
SCHEDULE 
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH EXEMPT NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any [retail] investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  [For these purposes, a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).] [Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any [retail] investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  [For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [(the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”)].] [Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors [(limited to those resident in [insert 
relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)], professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,]/[and] professional clients [outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”),] [and]/[as 
well as] retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] only),] each as defined 
in [MiFID II]/[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients [outside the EEA,] and retail clients [(limited 
to those resident in [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)] are appropriate[, subject to compliance with 
applicable [insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.] [; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels [outside the EEA with all 
sales], subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under [MiFID II, as 
applicable.]/[[insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors [(limited to those resident in [insert 
relevant jurisdiction(s)] only)], professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)[,]/[and] professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”) [outside the United 
Kingdom (“UK”),] [and]/[as well as] retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant

--- Page 98 ---
Page 98 
 
jurisdiction(s)] only)] as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended]/[EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties, 
professional clients [outside the UK,] and retail clients [(limited to those resident in [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] only)] are appropriate[, subject to compliance with applicable [insert relevant 
jurisdiction(s)] securities laws and regulations.] [; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK 
distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels [outside the UK with all sales], subject to the UK distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under [COBS, as applicable.]/[[insert relevant jurisdiction(s)] securities laws 
and regulations.]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II]/[Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]1 2
 
1 Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend 
Singapore product classification. 
2 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product 
classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 99 ---
Page 99 
 
Issue Terms 
Dated [         ] 
[TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V.] 
[TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC.] 
[TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED (ABN 48 002 435 181)] 
[TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION] 
[Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): [     ]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Exempt Notes] 
under the €60,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
established by 
Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc.,  
Toyota Finance Australia Limited and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Programme Memorandum dated 16 September 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], including all documents incorporated by reference ([the 
Programme Memorandum as so supplemented,] the “Programme Memorandum”).  The Programme 
Memorandum does not constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of (1) [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of [United Kingdom]/[UK] domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the UK Prospectus Regulation]; and (2) 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation] and these Issue 
Terms do not constitute the final terms of the Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation or Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  These are the Issue Terms of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Programme Memorandum to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Financial Conduct Authority of the UK and the Central Bank of Ireland have 
neither approved nor reviewed the information contained in these Issue Terms and the Programme 
Memorandum in connection with the Notes.  The Programme Memorandum has been published on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in and extracted from the Prospectus dated [17 
September 2021/18 September 2020/13 September 2019/14 September 2018] and which are incorporated 
by reference in the Programme Memorandum dated 16 September 2022.  These are the Issue Terms of 
the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Programme Memorandum dated 16 
September 2022, including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in it [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], including all documents incorporated by reference ([the 
Programme Memorandum as so supplemented,] the “Programme Memorandum”) to obtain all the 
relevant information.  The Programme Memorandum does not constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of (1) [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of [United Kingdom]/[UK] domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”)]/[the UK Prospectus Regulation]; and (2) [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation] and these Issue Terms do not constitute the final terms of the 
Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  The Financial Conduct Authority of the UK and the Central Bank of Ireland have 
neither approved nor reviewed the information contained in these Issue Terms and the Programme 
Memorandum in connection with the Notes.  The Programme Memorandum has been published on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.]

--- Page 100 ---
Page 100 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted).  Italics denote guidance for completing the Issue Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Credit Support Providers: 
Toyota Motor Corporation 
LEI - 5493006W3QUS5LMH6R84 
Toyota Financial Services Corporation 
LEI - 353800WDOBRSAV97BA75 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
[(iii)] 
Uridashi Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(iv)] 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[         ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[         ]  
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus [         ] days’ accrued interest in 
respect of the period from, and including, 
[insert date] to, but excluding, [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
[[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000].] 
  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[         ] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. 
If 
there 
is 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination insert the highest common factor 
of those Specified Denominations.  N.B. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[         ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example, Zero 
Coupon Notes)

--- Page 101 ---
Page 101 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[         ] 
[Fixed rate - Specify date / Floating rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
(N.B. The Maturity Date may need to be not less 
than one year after the Issue Date and, in the 
case of Notes issued by TMF, should not be 
more than 50 years after the Issue Date) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Rate Step-up/Step-down] 
[[         ] month 
[EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SOFR/ 
SONIA] +/– [         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph 16/17/18 below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Redemption at par 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date, 
up to (but excluding) [specify date] paragraph 
[16/17] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [specify date], up to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date, paragraph [16/17] applies] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put Option] 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call Option] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(See paragraph(s) 19/20/21/22 below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Nature of the Credit Support: 
See “Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with 
the Parent” in the Programme Memorandum 
dated 16 September 2022 
14. 
Date [Board]/[Executive Committee of the 
Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] 
15. 
Negative Pledge covenant set out in 
Condition 3: 
[Applicable 
[Uridashi 
Notes 
only]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable [[         ] in 
arrear] on each Interest Payment Date [from, 
and including, [         ] to, but excluding, 
[         ]] [. The first Fixed Interest Period shall 
be the period commencing on, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on, but excluding, [         ] (short first coupon)]

--- Page 102 ---
Page 102 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] [and [         ]] in each year from, and 
including, [         ] up to, and including, [the 
Maturity Date]/[         ] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
the 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]]/ [         ] [with the Additional 
Business Centres for the definition of “Business 
Day” being [         ]] [[adjusted]/[with no 
adjustment] for period end dates]/[. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fixed Coupon Amount 
[and the Broken Amount] shall remain 
unadjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to 
[the Notes in definitive form]/[Uridashi Notes]) 
[and [         ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes (applicable to the Notes in global 
form)], payable [[         ] in arrear] on 
[         ]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except 
for the amount of interest payable on the 
[first]/[last] Interest Payment Date falling on 
[         ]][. 
[This]/[These] 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or are in definitive 
form] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to 
[the Notes in definitive form]/[Uridashi Notes]) 
[and [         ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes (applicable to the Notes in global 
form)], payable on the [first]/[last] Interest 
Payment Date falling on [         ]] [. This Broken 
Amount applies if the Notes are represented by 
a global Note or are in definitive form]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Fixed] Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/ [30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Method]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.  N.B. Only relevant 
where the Fixed Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
[Specified]/[Interest] 
Period(s)/[Specified] Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[         ] / [         ] in each year [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[         ] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ]

--- Page 103 ---
Page 103 
 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent) (the 
“Calculation Agent”): 
[         ] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/[SOFR/
SONIA] 
 
 
- Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR Rate]/[SOFR 
Rate]/[Compounded Daily 
Rate]/[Compounded Index Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- D: 
[365]/[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre (if 
other than set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Specify other Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
(First day of each Interest Period if CDOR, the 
second day on which TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR, second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, the [      ] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period if SOFR and the [      ] London 
Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date for each Interest Period if 
SONIA) 
 
 
- Relevant Number: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert page on which the Reference Rate is for 
the time being displayed on Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service or Dow Jones Markets 
Limited for EURIBOR/CDOR/STIBOR/NIBOR 
/SONIA) 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
 
- Specified Time: 
[11:00 a.m. 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] time] 
[In the case of EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]/ 
[10:00 a.m. Toronto time] [In the case of 
CDOR]/[[         ] in the case of SONIA]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
- Reference Banks: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[         ] London Banking Days (for 
SONIA)/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 104 ---
Page 104 
 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period or Specified Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation  
(Specify for each short or long Interest Period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[         ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice periods (if other than set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
20. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
[(i)] 
[Par Call Period:] 
[From (and including) [         ] (the “Par Call 
Period 
Commencement 
Date” 
to 
(but 
excluding) the Maturity Date)] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Notice periods (if other than set 
out in the Conditions):] 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Issuer Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ]/[at any time that is prior to the Par Call 
Period Commencement Date]

--- Page 105 ---
Page 105 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Special 
Redemption Amount]/[Canada Yield Price] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Par Call Date: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Specified Time for Special 
Redemption Amount: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[         ] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent (if not the 
Agent) (the “Calculation Agent”): 
[Not Applicable]/[         ] 
 
(ix) 
Notice periods (if other than set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [         ] days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
22. 
Investor Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or other earlier redemption: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
 
[         ] 
(Insert description that is consistent with one of 
the options in the “Form of the Notes” section 
of the Programme Memorandum) 
26. 
[New Global Note]/[New Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraph 16(ii) or 17(iv) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes: 
[No]/[Yes.  As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.] 
29. 
Reference Currency Equivalent (if different 
from US dollars as set out in Condition 
5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Defined terms/Spot Rate (if different from 
that set out in Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 106 ---
Page 106 
 
31. 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate for the purposes of 
Condition 5(h) (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) for the purposes 
of Conditions 5(a) and 5(h): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
33. 
Settlement (if different from that set out in 
Condition 5(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
34. 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name].  As at the date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and/or the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority] pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 [and/or Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018, 
as 
amended]/[EUWA][, 
respectively]]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
Page 107 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Issue Terms.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[With respect to any information included herein 
and specified to be sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information available 
to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[NAME OF ISSUER] 
By: 
………………………………………………….…. 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
cc: The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London branch 
[Registered Notes – BNY Trust Company of Canada / The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch (TCCI only)] 
[Registered Notes – The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (TMCC only)]

--- Page 108 ---
Page 108 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[         ]. 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Credit Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Moody’s Japan K.K. (“Moody’s Japan”): [         ]] 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”): [          ]] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Japan Inc. (“Standard & Poor’s Japan”): [          ]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”): [          ]] 
 
(Need to include an explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[Moody’s Japan, Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s Japan and 
Fitch are not established in the European Union or the UK and 
have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) or 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the [[European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018, 
as 
amended]/[EUWA]] 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”), respectively.  However, Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH has endorsed the ratings of Moody’s Japan and 
Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited has endorsed 
the ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited has endorsed the ratings of Fitch, in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd. has endorsed the ratings of Moody’s Japan and 
Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited has endorsed the 
ratings of Standard & Poor’s Japan, and Fitch Ratings Ltd has 
endorsed the ratings of Fitch, in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd., S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch 
Ratings Ltd is established in the UK and is registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
[The Issuer has not applied to Moody’s [Japan] or Standard & 
Poor’s Japan [or Fitch] for ratings to be assigned to the Notes.] 
 
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is 
not a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations 
Act 
2001 
of 
Australia 
(“Australian 
Corporations Act”) and is also a person in respect of whom 
disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Australian Corporations Act, and (b) who is otherwise 
permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with

--- Page 109 ---
Page 109 
 
applicable law in any jurisdiction in which the person may be 
located.  Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled to 
receive this Final Terms and anyone who receives this Final 
Terms must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled 
to receive it. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save [as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Programme Memorandum] / [as set out 
below] / [for any fees payable to the [Purchasers/Dealers/Managers]], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  [The 
[Purchasers/Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in the ordinary course of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate 
finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform the services for, the Issuer and its affiliates and/or for companies involved directly or 
indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate.]  (Amend as appropriate 
if there are any other interests.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
[As set out in “Use of Proceeds” in the Programme 
Memorandum dated 16 September 2022]/[         ] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Programme 
Memorandum – if the reasons for the offer are different 
from what is disclosed in the Programme Memorandum, 
give details here, including, as the case may be, details of 
Eligibility Models, Eligibility Criteria and Use of Proceeds 
Report (including the website location of the Use of 
Proceeds Report and details of compliance monitoring)) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION   
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment  
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]

--- Page 110 ---
Page 110 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered Notes]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] / [Note that the designation “no” means 
that should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting such 
criteria, the Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) 
as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered Notes]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] (Include 
this text if “yes” or “no” is selected in which case bearer 
Notes must be issued in NGN form and registered Notes 
must be held under the NSS.) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(a) Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(b) Date of Syndicate 
 
Purchase 
 
Agreement: 
[         ] 
 
(c) Stabilisation 
 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer/Purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not 
Applicable] 
(TEFRA D, except for certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, will apply to all Notes issued by TMCC that 
have an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend)) 
(For Notes issued by TMF, TCCI and TFA, specify if Notes 
have been issued in reliance on either TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D) 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
Applicable

--- Page 111 ---
Page 111 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Save in respect of Notes which form a single Series with Notes issued prior to the date of this 
Prospectus, the following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be issued by each of the Issuers 
on or after the date of this Prospectus which (subject to completion and to the extent applicable) will be 
attached to or incorporated by reference into each global Note and which will be incorporated by 
reference or endorsed upon each definitive Note.  The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each temporary global Note, permanent global Note, global registered Note and definitive 
Note. 
Notes issued by Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V. and Toyota Finance Australia Limited 
shall be issued in bearer form only.  Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc. and Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation may be issued in bearer form or registered form, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation having a maturity of more than 183 days 
(taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) shall be issued in registered form only. 
In the case of the Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., no portion of the interest payable 
on a Note shall be contingent or dependent upon the use of or production from property in Canada or 
may be computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity price or any other similar 
criterion or by reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class of shares in the capital 
stock of a corporation. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued subject to, and with the benefit of, 
an amended and restated agency agreement dated 16 September 2022 (the “Agency Agreement”) and 
made between Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc., Toyota Finance 
Australia Limited and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation as Issuers and The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London branch, as the issuing agent and (unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms) principal paying agent and (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) as 
calculation agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent or other Calculation 
Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms and the “Paying Agent”, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents).  Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) issued by 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc. are also issued subject to, and with the benefit of, an amended and restated 
note agency agreement dated 17 September 2021 (the “TCCI Note Agency Agreement”) and made 
between Toyota Credit Canada Inc. as Issuer, BNY Trust Company of Canada as registrar, paying agent 
and transfer agent and, in respect of Registered Notes settled or cleared in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (each as defined below), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as 
registrar and transfer agent (each a “TCCI Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar, paying agent and transfer agent) and The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
branch, as transfer agent and paying agent (the “TCCI Transfer Agent”, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor transfer agent or paying agent appointed for Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc.).  Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation are also issued 
subject to, and with the benefit of, an amended and restated note agency agreement dated 17 September 
2021 (the “TMCC Note Agency Agreement”) and made between Toyota Motor Credit Corporation as 
Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar and transfer agent (the 
“TMCC Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar and transfer agent) and The 
Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London branch, as transfer agent and paying agent (the 
“TMCC Transfer Agent”, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agent or 
paying agent appointed for Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation). 
References in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes (“Terms and Conditions”) to the “Issuer” 
shall be references to the party specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below).  References 
herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination (as 
defined below) in the Specified Currency (as defined below) of the relevant Notes, (ii) definitive Notes 
issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a temporary global Note, a permanent global Note or a global 
Registered Note and (iii) any global Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in bearer form will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons 
for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons.  Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 112 ---
Page 112 
 
The Notes and the Coupons have the benefit of certain Credit Support Agreements governed by 
Japanese law, one between Toyota Motor Corporation (the “Parent”) and Toyota Financial Services 
Corporation (“TFS”) dated 14 July 2000 as supplemented by a Supplemental Credit Support Agreement 
dated 14 July 2000 and a Supplemental Credit Support Agreement No. 2 dated 2 October 2000 
(collectively, the “TMC Credit Support Agreement”) and others between TFS and each of Toyota Motor 
Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc. and Toyota Finance Australia Limited dated 7 
August 2000 and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation dated 1 October 2000 (each a “Credit Support 
Agreement” and together with the TMC Credit Support Agreement, the “Credit Support Agreements”).  
The Credit Support Agreements do not constitute a direct or indirect guarantee by the Parent or TFS of 
the Notes.  The Parent’s obligations under its Credit Support Agreement and the obligations of TFS under 
its Credit Support Agreements, rank pari passu with its direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured debt obligations. 
The Final Terms applicable to the Notes are attached to or endorsed on the Notes and supplement 
these Terms and Conditions.  References herein to the “applicable Final Terms” shall mean the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on the Notes. 
As used herein, “Series” means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues 
expressed to form a single series with the original issue and the terms of which (save for the Issue Date, 
the amount and the date of the first payment of interest thereon and/or the Issue Price (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms)) are identical (including the Maturity Date, Interest Basis, Redemption/Payment 
Basis and Interest Payment Dates (if any) and whether or not the Notes are admitted to trading) and 
expressions “Notes of the relevant Series” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  As 
used herein, “Tranche” means all Notes of the same Series with the same Issue Date and Interest 
Commencement Date (if applicable). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Final Terms), the Credit Support 
Agreements and (if the Notes are offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in the relevant Member State or offered to the public in the 
United Kingdom or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended), the Final Terms applicable to the Notes are available free of charge 
and available for inspection at the specified offices of the Agent.  If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange plc or offered to the public in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under 
Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, the applicable Final Terms will 
be published on the website of the London Stock Exchange plc through a regulatory news service and/or 
on the Issuer’s website.  If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances not within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin through a regulatory news service and/or on the Issuer’s website.  Copies 
of the TCCI Note Agency Agreement (if the Notes are Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc.) are available free of charge and available for inspection by the holders of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Credit Canada Inc. at the specified offices of the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent.  
Copies of the TMCC Note Agency Agreement (if the Notes are Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation) are available free of charge and available for inspection by the holders of Registered 
Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation at the specified offices of the TMCC Registrar and the 
TMCC Transfer Agent.  The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”), which expression shall, in relation 
to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided in Condition 1, and the holders of 
the Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them.  The holders of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Credit Canada Inc. are deemed to have notice of the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, which is binding on 
them and the holders of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation are deemed to have 
notice of the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, which is binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or (if the Note is a Registered Note 
issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) in the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or (if the Note is a Registered 
Note issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) in the TMCC Note Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  In the event of inconsistency between the

--- Page 113 ---
Page 113 
 
Agency Agreement, (if the Note is a Registered Note issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI 
Note Agency Agreement, (if the Note is a Registered Note issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) 
the TMCC Note Agency Agreement or the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or, in respect of Notes issued by Toyota 
Credit Canada Inc. or Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, in bearer or registered form as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(“Specified Currency”) and in the denominations (“Specified Denomination(s)”), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Note may be a Note bearing interest on a fixed rate basis (“Fixed Rate Note”), a Note bearing 
interest on a floating rate basis (“Floating Rate Note”), a Note issued on a non-interest bearing basis 
(“Zero Coupon Note”) or any combination of the foregoing, depending upon the interest basis specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The holder of 
each Coupon whether or not such Coupon is attached to a Note, in his capacity as such, shall be subject 
to and bound by all the provisions contained in the relevant Note.  Subject as set out below, the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, including any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any global Bearer Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or of Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or any other agreed clearing system as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (other than a clearing agency (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
that is itself an account holder of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing 
system (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error 
or proven error)) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and 
the TMCC Transfer Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal (including premium (if any)) or interest on the Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Bearer Note or registered holder of the global Registered 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  Notes which are 
represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Title to Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc. passes on due endorsement in the 
central register (“TCCI Register”) which Toyota Credit Canada Inc. shall procure to be kept by the BNY 
Trust Company of Canada.  Toyota Credit Canada Inc. shall procure a branch register to be kept by The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in respect of Registered Notes settled or cleared 
in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Title to Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation passes on due endorsement in the relevant register (“TMCC Register”) which Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation shall procure to be kept by the TMCC Registrar.  Subject as set out above, except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the registered holder of any Registered 
Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Registered Note for all 
purposes, whether or not such Registered Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone and no person shall be liable for

--- Page 114 ---
Page 114 
 
so treating such registered holder (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Provisions relating to the transfer of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc. are set 
out in the relevant Registered Note and the TCCI Note Agency Agreement.  Provisions relating to the 
transfer of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation are set out in the relevant 
Registered Note and the TMCC Note Agency Agreement. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, except in relation to Bearer Notes in new global note (“NGN”) form or Registered Notes 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (being the new safekeeping 
structure (“NSS”) and hereinafter referred to as “held under the NSS”), be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes and the Credit Support Agreements 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without 
any preference among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding.  The Notes and the Coupons have the benefit of the Credit Support 
Agreements. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will be subject to this Condition 3 only if this Condition 3 is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms.  So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in Condition 
15) the Issuer will not create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest or 
other charge (each a “Security Interest”) (other than a Permitted Security Interest (as defined below)) for 
the benefit of the holders of any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) on the whole or any part of 
its property or assets, present or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness issued or expressly 
guaranteed by the Issuer or in respect of which the Issuer has given any indemnity without in any such 
case at the same time according to the Notes the same security as is granted or is outstanding in respect 
of such Relevant Indebtedness or such guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved 
by the written consent of holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
affected thereby, or by resolution adopted by the holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding present or represented at a meeting of the holders of the Notes affected thereby 
at which a quorum is present, as provided in the Agency Agreement; provided, however, that such 
covenant will not apply to Security Interests securing outstanding Relevant Indebtedness which does not 
in the aggregate at any one time exceed 20 per cent. of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets (as defined 
below) of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (if any).  For the purposes of this Condition 3:  
“Consolidated Net Tangible Assets” means the aggregate amount of assets (less applicable 
reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom all goodwill, trade names, 
trademarks, patents, unamortised debt discount and expense and other like intangibles of the Issuer and 
its consolidated subsidiaries (or, where the Issuer has no consolidated subsidiaries, of the Issuer), all as 
set forth on the most recent balance sheet of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (or, where the 
Issuer has no consolidated subsidiaries, the most recent balance sheet of the Issuer) prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as practised in the jurisdiction of the Issuer’s 
incorporation; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” shall mean any indebtedness in the form of or represented by bonds, 
notes, debentures or other securities which have a final maturity of more than a year from the date of 
their creation and which are admitted to trading on one or more stock exchanges;  
“Permitted Security Interest” shall mean: 
(i) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or any right of set-off; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest granted by the Parent in favour of a TMC subsidiary (as defined below) 
(while such beneficiary remains a TMC subsidiary) or by one TMC subsidiary in favour of another 
TMC subsidiary (while such beneficiary remains a TMC subsidiary); 
(iii) 
any Security Interest created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited-recourse financing, 
securitisation or other like arrangement where the payment obligations in respect of the 
indebtedness secured by the relevant Security Interest are to be discharged from the revenues

--- Page 115 ---
Page 115 
 
generated by assets over which such Security Interest is created (including, without limitation, 
receivables), 
and (in addition to (i), (ii) and (iii) above) where the Issuer is Toyota Finance Australia Limited, any 
Security Interest provided for by one of the following transactions if the transaction does not secure 
payment or performance of an obligation: 
 
(A) 
a transfer of an account or chattel paper; 
 
(B) 
a commercial consignment; or 
 
(C) 
a PPS lease, 
where “account”, “chattel paper”, “commercial consignment” and “PPS lease” have the same meanings 
given to them in the Personal Property Securities Act 2009 of Australia; and 
“TMC subsidiary” means any of the Parent’s subsidiaries consolidated in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Business Day Convention for Notes other than Floating Rate 
Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date which 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the Issue Date, if no Interest Commencement Date is 
separately specified) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest so specified payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date so specified if it does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, or if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply in the case 
of Notes represented by a global Note, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date or the Issue Date, as the case 
may be) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date. 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the “Following Business Day 
Convention” will apply to the payment of all Fixed Rate Notes, meaning that if the Interest Payment Date 
or Maturity Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 
4(b)(i) below), the related payment of principal or interest will be made on the next succeeding Business 
Day as if made on the date such payment was due.  If the “Modified Following Business Day Convention” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Fixed Rate Note, it shall mean that if the Interest 
Payment Date or Maturity Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined 
in Condition 4(b)(i) below), the related payment of principal or interest will be made on the next 
succeeding Business Day as if made on the date such payment was due unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month in which event the full amount of payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Business Day as if made on the day such payment was due.  Unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest due shall not be changed if payment is made on a day 
other than an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date as a result of the application of a Business Day 
Convention specified above or other Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Except in the case of (i) Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) Notes represented by a global Note where the 
applicable Final Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply, interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period (including any period ending other than on an Interest 
Payment Date (which for this purpose shall not include a period where a payment is made on a day other 
than an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date as a result of the application of a Business Day 
Convention as provided in the immediately preceding paragraph, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms)) by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 116 ---
Page 116 
 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction or Day Count 
Fraction as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Day Count Fraction” means: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period (as defined below) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year assuming 
interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of 
that year; and 
(2) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year assuming 
interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the 
next scheduled Interest Payment Date divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number of days in that portion of the period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366; and (y) the actual number of days in that portion of the period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the relevant 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the next scheduled 
Interest Payment Date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360 and, in the case of an incomplete month, the 
number of days elapsed; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
relevant period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the next 
scheduled Interest Payment Date divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
whenever it is necessary to compute any amount of accrued interest in respect of the Notes

--- Page 117 ---
Page 117 
 
for a period of less than one full year, other than in respect of any Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount, such interest will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of 
days in the period and a year of 365 days; and 
(vi) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Fixed Interest Period divided by 365. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either 
the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date 
falling after, such date); and  
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the Issue Date, if no Interest Commencement Date is 
separately specified) and, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, at the rate equal to 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on the Maturity Date and on either: (1) the Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) (each, together with the Maturity Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (2) if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with the Maturity Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable.  Such interest will be 
payable in respect of each Interest Period.  As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Interest Period” 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date or 
Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or 
(y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined 
below), then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (2) below in this sub-paragraph (A) shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in 
the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means (unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Final Terms) a day which is both:

--- Page 118 ---
Page 118 
 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and any other Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(2) 
(i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively), (ii) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (iii) in relation to any 
sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong or 
such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the principal financial centre 
of any country for the purpose of these Terms and Conditions shall be as provided in 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto) as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time (the “ISDA Definitions”), subject to Conditions 
4(b)(ii)(3)(A) and 4(b)(ii)(3)(B), as of the first Issue Date of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (except if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
the principal financial centre shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and in the case 
of Compounded SOFR Notes and SOFR Notes, a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. Government securities (a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day”).  In these Terms and Conditions, “TARGET2 System” means the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System or any successor thereto. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined as provided below. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(1) 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Reference Rate 
other than (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or (ii) the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (“SONIA”), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be either: 
(x) 
the rate or offered quotation (if there is only one rate or offered quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page); or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).  If, in the case of (y) above, five or more of such rates or offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest rate or offered quotation, 
one only of such rates or offered quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest rate 
or offered quotation, one only of such rates or offered quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent (or 
such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such rates or offered quotations.  In addition:

--- Page 119 ---
Page 119 
 
 
(A) 
if, in the case of (x) above, no such rate or offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
(y) above, fewer than two of such rates or offered quotations appear at such time or if the offered rate or 
rates which appears or appear, as the case may be, as at such time do not apply to a period of a duration 
equal to the relevant Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, subject as provided 
below and except as otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, be the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the bid rates or offered 
quotations (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), of which the Agent (or such other Calculation 
Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) is advised by or as is accepted by all Reference Banks (as 
defined below) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date for a period of the Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time, if applicable, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
 
(B) 
if on any Interest Determination Date to which Condition 4(b)(ii)(1)(A) applies two or 
three only of the Reference Banks advise the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of such bid rates or offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the next Interest 
Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined as in Condition 4(b)(ii)(1)(A) on the basis of the 
rates or offered quotations of those Reference Banks advising or accepting such bid rates or offered 
quotations; 
 
(C) 
if on any Interest Determination Date to which Condition 4(b)(ii)(1)(A) applies one only 
or none of the Reference Banks advises the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of such rates or offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period 
shall, subject as provided below and except as otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
whichever is the higher of: 
(1) 
the Rate of Interest in effect for the last preceding Interest Period to which 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(1)(A) shall have applied (plus or minus (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), where a different Margin is to be applied to the next Interest Period than that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the next Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to the last preceding Interest Period); or 
(2) 
the reserve interest rate which shall be the rate per annum which the Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines to be either: 
(x) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the lending rates for the Specified Currency which banks 
selected by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency (which, 
if Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if New Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland and if 
euro, shall be the place of the principal London or Euro-zone office of major banks in the 
Euro-Zone inter-bank market, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) 
are quoting on the relevant Interest Determination Date for the next Interest Period to the 
Reference Banks or those of them (being at least two in number) to which such quotations 
are, in the opinion of the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), being so made plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) in the event that the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) can determine no such arithmetic mean (in accordance with (x) above), the 
lowest lending rate for the Specified Currency which banks selected by the Agent (or 
such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency (which, if Australian dollars, 
shall be Sydney, if New Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland and if euro, shall be the place 
of the principal London or Euro-zone office of major banks in the Euro-Zone inter-bank 
market, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) are quoting on such 
Interest Determination Date to leading European banks for the next Interest Period plus 
or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided that 
if the banks selected as aforesaid by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) are not quoting as mentioned above, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the Rate of Interest specified in (C)(1) above; 
(2) 
(A) 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and 
the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily Rate,

--- Page 120 ---
Page 120 
 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all determined by the 
Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) on each relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × D
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“D” is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
“dO” is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period, 
to and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period or Observation Period, as the 
case may be; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means the period from, and including, the date falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days specified as the Observation Look-Back Period in the 
applicable Final Terms and which shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five 
without the prior agreement of the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); 
“Relevant SONIAi” means: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, SONIAi-
pLBD; or

--- Page 121 ---
Page 121 
 
(ii) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, SONIAiLBD; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of any London Banking Day.  The SONIA reference rate applied to a 
day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA reference rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” the SONIA reference rate for such London 
Banking Day “i”; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day “i”; and 
“SONIA reference rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required 
to be determined, the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
determines that the SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then unless the Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been notified of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 
4(c), if applicable, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: 
(x) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at the close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(y) 
if the Bank Rate under paragraph (x) above is not available at the relevant time, either (A) 
the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect 
of which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (x) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 4(b)(ii)(2)(A) above shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(2)(A), and without prejudice to Condition 4(c), the Rate of Interest 
shall be: 
(i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the Rate of 
Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
 
(ii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first 
scheduled Interest Period),

--- Page 122 ---
Page 122 
 
in each case as determined by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
(B) 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA and 
the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Index Rate, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Period, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all determined by the Agent (or such 
other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) on each relevant Interest Determination 
Date. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily 
SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed 
on the Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such page is so specified 
or if such page is unavailable at the relevant time, as otherwise published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
(the “SONIA Compounded Index”), and in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded 
Indexx is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded Indexy is 
determined; 
“SONIA Compounded Indexx” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
“SONIA Compounded Indexy” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date as when the relevant payment of interest falls to 
be due (but which by definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five). 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of 
the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the 
time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate for the applicable Interest Period for which SONIA Compounded Index 
is not available shall be Compounded Daily SONIA determined in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(ii)(2)(A) above as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms.  For these purposes, the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily 
Rate, and for these purposes (i) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Shift and (ii) the 
Observation Lookback Period shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days, as if those alternative elections had been made. 
(C) 
if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable otherwise than on an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the due date on which such Notes become due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be 
that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly.

--- Page 123 ---
Page 123 
 
(3) 
(A) 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and 
the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded SOFR Rate 
(“Compounded SOFR Notes”), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be Compounded SOFR and 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, all determined by the Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) on each relevant Interest Determination Date. 
“Compounded SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 −1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where:  
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period;  
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the latter Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; and  
“dc” is the actual number of calendar days in such Observation Period.  
For purposes of determining Compounded SOFR, “SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) the SOFR Index value as published for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day by the 
New York Federal Reserve as such index appears on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website 
at 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); provided that: 
(2) if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the SOFR Determination 
Time, then:  
(i) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
not occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, then Compounded 
SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” 
provisions described below; or  
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, then Compounded 
SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “Effect of a Benchmark Transition 
Event” provisions described below. 
SOFR Index Unavailable: 
If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated Interest Determination 
Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for 
such 
formula, 
published 
on 
the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve’s 
website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information.  For the purposes of 
this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to 
“calculation period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 
180- calendar days” shall be removed.  If the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFRi”) does 
not so appear for any day, “i” in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website. 
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event: 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for

--- Page 124 ---
Page 124 
 
all purposes relating to the Compounded SOFR Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant 
to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(3)(A), including a determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection: 
(1) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(2) will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion; and 
(3) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Compounded 
SOFR Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Compounded 
SOFR Notes or any other party. 
The Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) will not 
have any liability for any determination made by the Issuer or its designee in connection with a 
Benchmark Transition Event, a Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
In no event shall the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be responsible for determining any Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement or for 
making any adjustments to any alternative Benchmark or margin or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such 
substitute or successor Benchmark.  In connection with the foregoing, the Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be entitled to conclusively rely on any 
determinations made by the Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if the 
Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the 
published SOFR Index used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time.

--- Page 125 ---
Page 125 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of the Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of 
the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date 
and Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying 
such Benchmark. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York Federal Reserve, currently 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

--- Page 126 ---
Page 126 
 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the next Interest Payment Date, provided that the 
first Observation Period shall be from and including the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Issue Date to but excluding the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first Interest Payment Date. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five). 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by 
the New York Federal Reserve on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(B) 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and 
the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR Rate (“SOFR Notes”), the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be SOFR and (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin, if any, all determined by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on each relevant Interest Determination Date. 
“Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any Interest Reset Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Agent 
(or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with the 
following procedures: 
(1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate for the applicable Interest Determination Date published 
as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such Interest Determination Date (the “SOFR Determination Time”); 
provided that: 
(2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear as of the SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(i) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
not occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, then SOFR shall 
be the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website; or  
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, then SOFR shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to the “Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event” 
provisions described below. 
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event: 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the SOFR Notes in respect of such determination on such date 
and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

--- Page 127 ---
Page 127 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant 
to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(3)(B), including a determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection: 
(1) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(2) will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion; and 
(3) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the SOFR Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the SOFR Notes or any other party. 
The Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) will not 
have any liability for any determination made by the Issuer or its designee in connection with a 
Benchmark Transition Event, a Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
In no event shall the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be responsible for determining any Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement or for 
making any adjustments to any alternative Benchmark or margin or spread thereon, the business day 
convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such 
substitute or successor Benchmark.  In connection with the foregoing, the Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be entitled to conclusively rely on any 
determinations made by the Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of the Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to

--- Page 128 ---
Page 128 
 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of 
the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or 
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York Federal Reserve, currently 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

--- Page 129 ---
Page 129 
 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by 
the New York Federal Reserve on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
Other definitions: 
“Banking Day” means, in respect of any place, any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that place or, as the case 
may be, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, (1) other 
than in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(1)(A), with respect to Notes denominated in any Specified Currency 
other than U.S. dollars, Sterling, Canadian dollars or euro, the second Banking Day in London prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period and, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(1)(A), the second 
Banking Day in the Relevant Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency (which, if Australian 
dollars, shall be Sydney, if New Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland and if euro, shall be the place of the 
principal London or Euro-zone office of major banks in the Euro-Zone inter-bank market, unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period; 
(2) subject to (3) and (4) below with respect to Notes denominated in U.S. dollars and subject to (5) below 
with respect to Notes denominated in Sterling, for Notes denominated in U.S. dollars, Sterling or Canadian 
dollars, the first Banking Day in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency of 
the relevant Interest Period; (3) with respect to Notes denominated in U.S. dollars where the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Compounded SOFR, the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period; (4) with respect to Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR Rate, the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Reset Date; (5) with respect to Notes 
denominated in Sterling where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
SONIA, the first London Banking Day of the relevant Interest Period; and (6) with respect to Notes 
denominated in euro, the second day on which the TARGET2 system is open prior to the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal London or 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; in the case where the Reference 
Rate is CDOR, the principal Toronto office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed in Schedule I to 
the Bank Act (Canada), in the case where the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office 
of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market; in the case where the Reference Rate is NIBOR, 
the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market; or otherwise such banks 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference Banks; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, CDOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR or SONIA as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, whatever its designation, on which the Reference Rate that is for 
the time being displayed on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or Dow Jones Market Limited or 
other such service, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if none is specified, the time at which it is customary to determine such rate; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. Government securities. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest/Interest Amount for any 
Interest Period, then in no event shall the Rate of Interest/Interest Amount for such Interest Period be 
less than such Minimum Rate of Interest/Interest Amount.  If the applicable Final Terms specifies a

--- Page 130 ---
Page 130 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest/Interest Amount for any Interest Period, then in no event shall the Rate of 
Interest/Interest Amount for such Interest Period be greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest/Interest 
Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent (or, if the Agent is not the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum or Maximum Rate of 
Interest/Interest Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms) and calculate the amount of interest 
(the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period, by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (C) below, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are 
represented by a global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note; 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; or 
(C) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note and the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Rate of Interest shall be applied to the 
Calculation Amount, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention or as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Floating Rate Note in the case of paragraph (B) or (C) above is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Floating Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(D) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 131 ---
Page 131 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(E) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(G) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366. 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 132 ---
Page 132 
 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period or Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Specified Period 
shall be calculated by the Agent (or if the Agent is not the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity (as 
defined below) were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period or Specified Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period or Specified Period, provided however, that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent (or if the Agent is not the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer shall determine as appropriate for such 
purposes.  For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(v), the expression “Designated Maturity” means, in 
relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount  
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period or 
Specified Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the TCCI Registrar 
and the TCCI Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.), the 
TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation) and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being admitted to trading and listed and will cause notice of the same to be 
published or given in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day after their determination.  Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without publication as aforesaid or prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period or Specified Period in accordance with the provisions hereof.  Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being admitted to trading and listed.  For the purposes 
of this Condition 4(b)(vi), the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), whether by 
the Agent or other Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or 
proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and TCCI Transfer Agent and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and TMCC Transfer Agent and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by either of them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4(b) above, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions of this Condition 4(c) shall apply. 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 4(c)(ii)) subsequently be used by the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(c)).

--- Page 133 ---
Page 133 
 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with 
an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, in accordance 
with Condition 16, the Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4(c)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(c)). 
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i), the 
Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, shall determine an 
Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread 
may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable)). 
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, in accordance with 
Condition 16, the Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 4(c) and the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to the Issuer having to give notice thereof to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, modify these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4(c)(iii), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(c)(iii) shall be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(iv) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any 
such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c) or 
otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, or any

--- Page 134 ---
Page 134 
 
formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any Benchmark 
Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark Amendments, a written 
determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all 
parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in 
relation to that matter in accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Notes (acting in such capacity), shall 
have any relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders. 
(v) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(c), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4(b), the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and only 
then once the Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread 
(if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with the relevant provisions 
of this Condition 4(c). 
(vi) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which 
spread is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner 
and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable); 
(C) 
if no such determination has been made, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(D) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, acting in good 
faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, to 
be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders 
and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative rate to the Original Reference Rate which the Issuer, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in accordance 
with this Condition 4(c) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for debt securities, with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes or, if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable (among 
other factors, on the basis of interest period and Specified Currency) to the Original Reference Rate;

--- Page 135 ---
Page 135 
 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or ceasing permanently to be calculated, 
administered and published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; 
(F) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will, 
on or before a specified date, be no longer representative and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; or 
(G) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Agent, any Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer to determine any Rate 
of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise in the debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the Reference Rate originally specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in 
respect of the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such Reference Rate 
originally specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of the Notes (or any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
“Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which Original Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 136 ---
Page 136 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes  
When a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and repayable shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as determined 
in accordance with Condition 6(i)(iii).  As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note 
shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note to 
be redeemed) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue at the rate of 
interest then applicable or at such other rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note; and (ii) the day on which the Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent or 
(in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar or the 
TMCC Transfer Agent has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 16 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due in respect thereof up to that date. 
5. 
Payments  
(a) 
Method of Payment  
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro, U.S. dollars or Renminbi, will be made 
by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case 
of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account)  
maintained by the payee with, or at the option of the payee by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively), unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. dollars, except as provided by Condition 5(d), shall be made by credit or 
transfer to a U.S. dollar account outside the United States specified by the payee; and 
(iv)  
payments in Renminbi shall be made by credit or transfer to a Renminbi account 
maintained by or on behalf of the payee with a bank in Hong Kong or such RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi in Hong Kong or 
such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
A cheque may not be delivered to an address in, and an amount may not be transferred to an 
account at a bank located in, the United States of America or its possessions by any office or agency of 
the Issuer, the Agent or any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit 
Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar or TMCC Transfer Agent except as provided in 
Condition 5(d).  Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment and the administrative practices and procedures of fiscal and other 
authorities in relation to tax, anti-money laundering and other requirements which may apply to payments 
of amounts due (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes, but 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7.  However, if any withholding is required under Sections 1471 through to 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any regulations or other guidance promulgated thereunder 
or any official interpretations thereof (including under an agreement described under Section 1471(b)), 
or under any intergovernmental agreement implementing an alternative approach thereto or any

--- Page 137 ---
Page 137 
 
implementing law in relation thereto the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amount under 
Condition 7 on account of such withholding. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 5(b) applies to Bearer Notes. 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the Specified Currency in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of a sum due only, endorsement) of definitive Notes and payments of interest 
in respect of the definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the Specified Currency in 
the manner provided in Condition 5(a) against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of a sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States which expression, used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions). 
Upon the date on which any Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form become due and repayable, such 
Notes should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so 
paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of five years after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due.  Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due 
and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued but unpaid in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date (as applicable) shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, where applicable against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note, if the global Note is not issued in NGN form or held 
under the NSS, at the specified office of any Paying Agent located outside the United States except as 
provided below.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made on such global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(c) 
Presentation and Surrender of Notes – Registered Notes 
Provisions in relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes will be 
set out in the relevant global Registered Note or definitive Registered Note and as otherwise set out in 
these Terms and Conditions.  Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the 
relevant TCCI Register with respect to Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., or the 
relevant TMCC Register with respect to Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, 
on the Record Date, and “Record Date” means, in the case of global Registered Notes, at the close of 
business on the relevant clearing system business day before the due date for payment thereof, or in the 
case of Registered Notes in definitive form, at close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date 
for payment thereof. 
(d) 
Global Notes 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the

--- Page 138 ---
Page 138 
 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for the holder’s share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such global Note.  No person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any claim against the 
Issuer in respect of any payments due on the global Note. 
Interest on the Notes is payable only outside the United States and its possessions, within the 
meaning of United States Treasury regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii)(A).  No interest on the Notes 
shall be paid into an account maintained by the payee in the United States or mailed to an address in the 
United States unless the payee is described in United States Treasury regulation Sections 1.163-
5(c)(2)(v)(B)(1) or (2). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of principal and interest in respect of global Notes will 
be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payments 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount owing in respect of 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount owing in respect of the Notes at such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by the imposition of exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of interest; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, if the due date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is required); and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
London; and 
(ii) 
(1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively); (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open; or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, 
a day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement 
of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Conversion into euro  
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, if the Issuer is due to make a payment 
in a currency (the “original currency”) other than euro in respect of any Note or Coupon and the original 
currency is not available on the foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, 
the original currency’s replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, the 
Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of such payment by making payment in euro on 
the basis of the spot exchange rate (the “Euro FX Rate”) at which the original currency is offered in 
exchange for euro in the London foreign exchange market (or, at the option of the Issuer or its designated

--- Page 139 ---
Page 139 
 
Calculation Agent, in the foreign exchange market of any other financial centre which is then open for 
business) at noon, London time, two Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if the 
Euro FX Rate is not available on that date, on the basis of a substitute exchange rate determined by the 
Issuer or by its designated Calculation Agent acting in its absolute discretion from such source(s) and at 
such time as it may select.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Euro FX Rate or substitute exchange rate as 
aforesaid may be such that the resulting euro amount is zero and in such event no amount of euro or the 
original currency will be payable.  Any payment made in euro or non-payment in accordance with this 
Condition 5(f) will not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 9. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
or pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor under 
Condition 14; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(i)(iii)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 or pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor under 
Condition 14, except as provided in sub-paragraph (i) above. 
(h) 
Payment of Reference Currency Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Terms and Conditions, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility (as defined below), Non-transferability (as defined below) or Illiquidity (as defined 
below), the Issuer determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that it is not able, 
or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy payments due under the Notes or Coupons in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, settle any such payment in U.S. 
dollars on the due date for payment at the Reference Currency Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount and give notice thereof (including details thereof) as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
In such event, payments of the Reference Currency Equivalent of the relevant amounts due under 
the Notes or Coupons shall be made in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
In this Condition 5(h), unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) 
of Hong Kong or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Illiquidity” means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong or such RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to make a payment 
under the Notes or Coupons; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert into Renminbi any amount due in respect of the Notes or Coupons into Renminbi on any payment 
date in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and

--- Page 140 ---
Page 140 
 
it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or from an account inside Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to an account outside Hong Kong (or such 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (including where the 
Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) is disrupted or suspended), other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Rate Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, 
London, New York City or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Rate Determination Date” means the day which is two Rate Determination Business Days before 
the due date of the relevant amount under the Notes; 
“Reference Currency Equivalent” means unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate 
Determination Date; and 
“Spot Rate” means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the spot CNY/U.S.$ 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for settlement in two Rate Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (local time in Hong Kong or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) on the Rate Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference 
to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF.  If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in Hong 
Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S.$ exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(h), whether by 
the Agent or other Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, Calculation Agent (if applicable), any other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes 
issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 5(h). 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms and unless previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption under this Condition 6(b), if the Issuer shall determine that as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of the jurisdiction in

--- Page 141 ---
Page 141 
 
which the Issuer is incorporated or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations or 
rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Notes, the Issuer 
would be required to pay Additional Amounts, as provided in Condition 7, on the occasion of the next 
payment due in respect of the Notes. 
Notice of intention to redeem Notes will be given at least once in accordance with Condition 16 
not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption under this Condition 
6(b), provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the effective 
date of such change or amendment and that at the time notice of such redemption is given, such obligation 
to pay such Additional Amounts remains in effect.  From and after any redemption date, if moneys for 
redemption of Notes shall have been made available for redemption on such redemption date, such Notes 
shall cease to bear interest, if applicable, and the only right of the holders of such Notes and any Coupons 
appertaining thereto shall be to receive payment of the Early Redemption Amount and, if appropriate, all 
unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) such redemption date. 
(c) 
Final Terms 
The Final Terms applicable to the Notes shall indicate either: 
(i) 
that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as otherwise 
provided in Condition 6(b) and in Condition 9); or  
(ii) 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders of the 
Notes prior to such Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 6(d), 
6(e), 6(f) and/or 6(h) on the date or dates and at the amount or amounts indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (“Issuer Call Option”) 
If the Issuer Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given: 
(i) 
not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 16, or such other notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
not less than 5 days before the date of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (i) (or such 
other notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) is to be given, notice to 
the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the 
TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date(s).  If the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes are redeemable in part, such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (“Issuer Maturity Par Call Option”) 
If the Issuer Maturity Par Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 16, or such other notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
not less than 5 days before the date of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (i) (or such 
other notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) is to be given, notice to 
the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the 
TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes 
then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified in the

--- Page 142 ---
Page 142 
 
applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (“Issuer Make-Whole Call Option”) 
If the Issuer Make-Whole Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 16, or such other notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
not less than 5 days before the date of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (i) (or such 
other notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) is to be given, notice to 
the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the 
TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date (that is, if the Issuer Maturity Par 
Call Option is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but 
unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  If the applicable Final Terms specify 
the Notes are redeemable in part, such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and/or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Special Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount with respect to the Notes shall be equal to the 
higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes being redeemed; or 
(b) 
the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the  price 
(as reported to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent by the Financial Adviser and 
expressed as a percentage) that provides for a Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes 
on the Reference Date equal (after adjusting for any difference in compounding 
frequency) to the Gross Redemption Yield provided by the Reference Bond(s) based 
on the Reference Bond Rate at the Specified Time on the Reference Date plus the 
Redemption Margin (if any). 
Where: 
“Financial Adviser” means a financial adviser selected by the Calculation Agent after 
consultation with the Issuer. 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Financial Adviser in accordance with generally accepted market practice. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, as at the Reference Date, 
the then current on-the-run government securities that would be utilised in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes, as determined by 
the Financial Adviser. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means the actual or, where there is more than one Reference Bond, 
interpolated rate per annum calculated by the Financial Adviser in accordance with generally 
accepted market practice by reference to the arithmetic mean of the middle market prices 
provided by three Reference Dealers for the Reference Bond(s) having an actual or interpolated 
maturity equal to the remaining term of the Notes (if the Notes were to remain outstanding to 
the Maturity Date). 
“Reference Date” will be as set out in the relevant notice of redemption.

--- Page 143 ---
Page 143 
 
“Reference Dealer” means a bank selected by the Issuer or such bank’s affiliates in consultation 
with the Financial Adviser which is (A) a primary government securities dealer, or (B) a market 
maker in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Specified Time” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Canada Yield Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount with respect to the Notes shall: 
(a) 
prior to the Par Call Date, be equal to the greater of: (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes being redeemed; and (ii) the Canada Yield Price; and 
(b) 
on or after the Par Call Date but prior to the Maturity Date, be equal to 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes being redeemed. 
Where: 
“Canada Yield Price” means an amount, calculated as at the date that is three Toronto Business 
Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date, equal to the net present value of all scheduled 
payments of interest (other than accrued and unpaid interest) and outstanding principal on the 
Notes to be redeemed from the Optional Redemption Date to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date, using as a discount rate the Canada Yield, plus the Redemption Margin 
(if any); 
“Canada Yield” means, on any date, the arithmetic average (rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 per 
cent.) of the yield to maturity, quoted by two nationally recognised Canadian Government 
securities dealers having an office in the City of Toronto selected by the Issuer (the “Canadian 
Financial Advisers”) on such date as the yields which a non-callable Government of Canada 
Bond would produce, if issued in Canadian dollars in Canada on such date, at 100 per cent. of 
its principal amount with a term to maturity approximately equal to the remaining term to the 
Par Call Period Commencement Date; and 
“Toronto Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business in the City of Toronto. 
The Issuer shall request the Canadian Financial Advisers to provide a calculation of the Canada 
Yield. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6(f), by the 
Financial Adviser or Canadian Financial Advisers, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, Calculation Agent (if applicable), any 
other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the case of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC 
Transfer Agent and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Financial Adviser or Canadian Financial Advisers in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to the provisions of this 
Condition 6(f). 
(g) 
Partial Redemption 
In the event of redemption of some only of the Notes under Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(f), the 
Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a global Note, not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of such Redeemed Notes will be published or notified in accordance with Condition 16 not 
less than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, or such other period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period 
from, and including, the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 6(g) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 at least 10 days prior to the Selection Date.  If an Optional Redemption Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(i)), it shall be subject

--- Page 144 ---
Page 144 
 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention applicable to the Notes or such other 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (“Investor Put Option”) 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes will not be subject to 
repayment at the option of Noteholders.  If the Investor Put Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
16 not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If a Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder of the Note must deliver such Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (other than the TCCI Transfer Agent or the TMCC Transfer Agent), 
in the case of Bearer Notes, or the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent, in the case of Registered 
Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., or the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent, in the 
case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent or the TCCI Registrar or TCCI Transfer Agent or the TMCC Registrar or 
TMCC Transfer Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent, or the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent, or the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC 
Transfer Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is 
required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(h). 
If a Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder of the Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the TCCI Registrar 
or the TCCI Transfer Agent, in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., or the 
TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent, in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation, of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on the holder’s instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary, or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for them to the Agent, or the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.), or the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) and Condition 9, the Notes will be redeemed at an amount (the 
“Early Redemption Amount”) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Calculation Amount, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Calculation Amount or which is payable in a 
Specified Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or  
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) equal to: 
(A) 
the sum of (x) the product of (i) either the Calculation Amount or the Specified 
Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Reference 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Reference Amount”) and (y) the 
product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Amount from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable; 
or

--- Page 145 ---
Page 145 
 
(B) 
if the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid or available for payment when due, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Zero Coupon Note calculated as provided above 
as though the references in sub-paragraph (A) to the date fixed for redemption or the 
date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by 
references to the date (the “Reference Date”) which is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys repayable has been received 
by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (B) will continue to be made, after as well as before judgment, until the 
Reference Date unless the Reference Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and repayable shall be the nominal amount of such Note together 
with interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield. 
Where any such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, it shall be made (I) in the case of a Zero Coupon Note other than a Zero Coupon 
Note payable in euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each (or 365/366 days in the case of Notes denominated in Sterling) and, in the case of 
an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed or (II) in the case of a Zero Coupon 
Note payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 
(or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365). 
(j) 
Purchases  
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise.  If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all 
Noteholders alike.  Where the Issuer is Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, 
such Notes shall be surrendered (in the case of Bearer Notes) to any Paying Agent, or (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or TCCI Transfer Agent, or 
(in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar or 
TMCC Transfer Agent, for cancellation and, where the Issuer is Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) 
B.V. or Toyota Finance Australia Limited, such Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, either be (i) resold 
or reissued, or held by the Issuer for subsequent resale or reissuance, or (ii) surrendered to any Paying 
Agent for cancellation, in which event such Notes and Coupons may not be resold or reissued. 
(k) 
Cancellation  
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and any of 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6(j) (together, in the case of definitive Notes, 
with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold.  If any Note is purchased and cancelled without all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, 
the Issuer shall make payment in respect of any such missing Coupon in accordance with Condition 5 as 
if the relevant Note had remained outstanding for the period to which such Coupon relates. 
7. 
Taxation – Additional Amounts 
(a) 
Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or Toyota Finance 
Australia Limited 
This Condition 7(a) only applies to Notes issued by Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or Toyota Finance Australia Limited. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the Issuer is Toyota Motor 
Finance (Netherlands) B.V., Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or Toyota Finance Australia Limited, all 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer will be made without

--- Page 146 ---
Page 146 
 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated or any province, 
territory or other political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
(the “Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
where the Issuer is Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V., where the Noteholder or 
Couponholder of which (a) would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction or is 
liable to such withholding or deduction at a reduced rate by making a declaration of non-
residence or producing other evidence establishing that such payment may be made 
without withholding or deduction or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate 
to the Issuer or the relevant tax authority; or (b) is liable for such taxes or duties in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands 
other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the Issuer is Toyota Credit Canada Inc.: 
(A) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with Canada other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof;  
(B) 
the Issuer does not deal at arm’s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada)) with either: (1) the holder of such Note or Coupon, or (2) in the case where 
a payment is made to a holder of a Coupon, the holder of the related Note (as 
applicable); 
(C) 
the holder of which is, or does not deal at arm’s length with any person who is, a 
“specified shareholder” of Toyota Credit Canada Inc. for the purposes of the thin 
capitalisation rules in the Income Tax Act (Canada); or 
(D) 
the holder of which is a person who is a “specified entity” (as defined in proposed 
subsection 18.4(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) contained in proposals to amend 
such Act released on 29 April 2022) in respect of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
where the Issuer is Toyota Finance Australia Limited, the holder of which is liable for such 
taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
by reason of the holder (or a third party acting on its behalf) having some connection 
with the Commonwealth of Australia or any political subdivision thereof or therein 
other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of payment in 
respect thereof; or 
(B) 
by reason of the holder being a person who could lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such withholding or deduction by complying or procuring that any third 
party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any 
third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented for 
payment; or 
(C) 
by reason of the holder (or a person with an interest in a Note) being an Offshore 
Associate of the Issuer acting other than in the capacity of a clearing house, paying 
agent, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme within 
the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia.  “Offshore Associate” 
means an associate (as defined in Section 128F(9) of the Income Tax Assessment 
Act 1936 of Australia (the “Australian Tax Act”)) of the Issuer that is either: 
(a) 
a non-resident of Australia which does not acquire the Notes in carrying on a 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(b) 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes in carrying on a business at or 
through a permanent establishment outside Australia; or

--- Page 147 ---
Page 147 
 
(D) 
in a case where Toyota Finance Australia Limited receives a notice or direction under 
Section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 of Australia, 
Section 255 of the Australian Tax Act or any analogous provisions, any amounts paid 
or deducted from sums payable to the holder by Toyota Finance Australia Limited in 
compliance with such notice or direction; or 
(iv) 
in such other circumstances as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
8) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts on presenting the same, or making demand, for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(e)); or 
(vi) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through to 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any regulations or other guidance 
promulgated thereunder or any official interpretations thereof (including under an 
agreement described under Section 1471(b)), or pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement implementing an alternative approach thereto or any implementing law in 
relation thereto. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, where the Issuer is Toyota 
Finance Australia Limited, if a Note or Coupon is presented for payment or held by, or by a third party 
on behalf of, a person who is a resident of Australia or a non-resident who is engaged in carrying on 
business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment of that non-resident in Australia (the 
expressions “resident of Australia”, “non-resident” and “permanent establishment” having the meanings 
given to them by the Australian Tax Act) if, and to the extent that, section 126 of the Australian Tax Act 
(or any equivalent provision) requires the Issuer to pay income tax in respect of interest payable on the 
Note or Coupon and the income tax would not be payable were the person not a “resident of Australia” 
or “non-resident” so engaged in carrying on business, the Issuer shall be entitled to make any withholding 
or deduction pursuant to section 126 of the Australian Tax Act and will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify any person for any such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation  
This Condition 7(b) only applies to Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation. 
Except as specifically provided by this Condition 7(b), all payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, assessments or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of the United States or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax 
(“Tax”), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will, subject 
to certain limitations and exceptions (set forth below), pay to a Noteholder or Couponholder who is a 
Non-U.S. Holder (as defined below) such additional amounts (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that the Issuer shall not be required to make any payment of 
Additional Amounts for or on account of: 
(i) 
any Tax which would not have been imposed but for (A) the existence of any present or 
former connection between such Noteholder or Couponholder or any beneficial owner of 
a Note or Coupon (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, 
or possessor of a power over, such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner, if such 
Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is an estate, trust, partnership or 
corporation) and the United States, including, without limitation, being or having been a 
citizen or resident thereof or being or having been present or engaged in a trade or business 
therein or having had a permanent establishment therein, or (B) such Noteholder’s, 
Couponholder’s or beneficial owner’s past or present status as a passive foreign investment 
company, controlled foreign corporation or a private foundation (as those terms are defined 
for United States tax purposes) or as a corporation which accumulates earnings to avoid 
U.S. federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar Tax;

--- Page 148 ---
Page 148 
 
(iii) 
any Tax that would not have been so imposed but for the presentation of a Note or Coupon 
for payment on a date more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became 
due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; 
(iv) 
any Tax which is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from payments of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons; 
(v) 
any Tax imposed on interest received or beneficially owned by (A) a 10 per cent. 
shareholder of the Issuer within the meaning of U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Section 871(h)(3)(B) or Section 881(c)(3)(B) or (B) a bank extending credit pursuant to a 
loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business; 
(vi) 
any Tax required to be withheld or deducted by any Paying Agent from any payment of 
principal or interest in respect of any Note or Coupon, if such payment can be made without 
such withholding or deduction by any other Paying Agent with respect to the Notes; 
(vii) 
any Tax which would not have been imposed but for the failure to comply with 
certification, information, documentation, or other reporting requirements concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Noteholder or 
Couponholder or of the beneficial owner of such Note or Coupon, if such compliance is 
required by statute or by regulation of the United States Treasury Department as a 
precondition to relief or exemption from such Tax including, in the case of Notes with a 
maturity of more than 183 days (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or 
extend), failure of the Noteholder or Couponholder or of the beneficial owner of such Note 
or Coupon, to provide such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as may be 
required from time to time under applicable rules, including, if necessary, a valid U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service Form W8-BEN or W8-BEN-E; 
(viii) any Tax imposed with respect to a payment on a Note or Coupon to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of 
the Note or Coupon to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary, a 
member of such partnership or a beneficial owner of the Note or Coupon would not have 
been entitled to payment of the Additional Amounts, had such beneficiary, settlor, member 
or beneficial owner been the holder of the Note or Coupon; 
(ix) 
any Tax required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Sections 1471 through to 1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, any regulations or other guidance 
promulgated thereunder or any official interpretations thereof (including under an 
agreement described under Section 1471(b)), or pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement implementing an alternative approach thereto or any implementing law in 
relation thereto; or 
(x) 
any combination of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) and (ix) above. 
The term “Non-U.S. Holder” means any Holder that is not for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
(i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity organised in or 
under the laws of the United States or its political subdivisions, (iii) a trust subject to the control of a U.S. 
person and the primary supervision of a U.S. court, or (iv) an estate the income of which is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
8. 
Prescription 
Unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Notes and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of five years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
Any moneys paid by the Issuer to the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes 
issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent, for the 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and remaining unclaimed for a period of five 
years shall forthwith be repaid to the Issuer.  All liability of the Issuer, the Agent, the TCCI Registrar or

--- Page 149 ---
Page 149 
 
the TCCI Transfer Agent, the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent with respect thereto shall 
cease when the Notes and Coupons become void. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. 
9. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
In the event that (each of (i) through to (iv) below, an “Event of Default”): 
(i) 
default is made by the Issuer in the payment when due of any principal or interest in respect 
of any Note and the default continues unremedied for a period of 14 days after the date 
when due; or 
(ii) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any covenant, condition 
or provision contained in these Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes or of any 
covenant, condition or provision for the benefit of Noteholders contained in the Agency 
Agreement and on its part to be performed or observed (other than the covenant to pay the 
principal and interest in respect of the Notes) and at the expiration of any applicable grace 
period therefor such covenant, condition or provision is not performed or observed in the 
period of 60 consecutive days after the date on which written notice of such default, 
requiring the Issuer to perform or observe such covenant, condition or provision, first shall 
have been given to the Issuer and the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent, or (in the 
case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar 
and the TMCC Transfer Agent, by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes then outstanding; or 
(iii) 
the entry by a court having competent jurisdiction of (a) a decree or order granting relief 
in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect 
for a period of 60 consecutive days; or (b) a decree or order adjudging the Issuer to be 
insolvent, or approving a petition seeking reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment or 
composition of the Issuer and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for 
a period of 60 consecutive days; or (c) a final and non-appealable order appointing a 
custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or other similar official of the Issuer or of 
any substantial part of the property of the Issuer, or ordering the winding up or liquidation 
of the Issuer, in each case of (a), (b) or (c) otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant 
to and followed by a consolidation, amalgamation, merger, reconstruction or 
reorganisation in which a continuing corporation effectively assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes or the terms of which have previously been approved by the written 
consent of holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
affected thereby, or by resolution adopted by the holders of a majority in aggregate nominal 
amount of such Notes then outstanding present or represented at a meeting of the holders 
of the Notes affected thereby at which a quorum is present, as provided in the Agency 
Agreement; or 
(iv) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary proceeding under any applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law or the consent of the Issuer to the entry of a 
decree or order for relief in an involuntary proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by the Issuer to the appointment of or taking 
possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or similar official of the 
Issuer or for any substantial part of the property of the Issuer or the making by the Issuer 
of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the Issuer failing generally to pay 
its debts as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Issuer in furtherance 
of any such action (in each case otherwise than for the purposes of such a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger, reconstruction or reorganisation as is referred to in paragraph (iii)), 
then the holder of any Note may, at its option, declare the principal of such Note and the interest, 
if any, accrued but unpaid thereon to be due and payable immediately by written notice to the 
Issuer and the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.)

--- Page 150 ---
Page 150 
 
the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent, and unless 
all such defaults shall have been remedied by the Issuer (or by the Parent or TFS pursuant to the 
relevant Credit Support Agreement) prior to receipt of such written notice, the principal of such 
Note and the interest, if any, accrued but unpaid thereon shall become and be immediately due 
and payable. 
At any time after such declaration of acceleration with respect to the Notes has been made and 
before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due with respect to any Note has been 
obtained by any Noteholder, such declaration and its consequences may be rescinded and annulled 
upon the written consent of holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding affected thereby, or by resolution adopted by the holders of a majority in aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding present or represented at a meeting of holders of 
the Notes affected thereby at which a quorum is present, as provided in the Agency Agreement, 
if: 
(1) 
the Issuer has paid to, or deposited with, the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes 
issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Transfer Agent, or (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Transfer 
Agent, a sum sufficient to pay: 
(A) 
all overdue payments of interest on the Notes; and 
(B) 
the principal of the Notes which has become due otherwise than by such 
declaration of acceleration; and 
(2) 
all Events of Default with respect to the Notes, other than the non-payment of the 
principal of such Notes which has become due solely by such declaration of 
acceleration, have been either (i) remedied or (ii) waived as provided in paragraph 
(b) below. 
No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon. 
(b) 
Any Events of Default by the Issuer, other than the events described in paragraph (a)(i) above or 
in respect of where a default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any covenant, 
condition or provision described in paragraph (a)(ii) above which cannot be modified and amended 
without the written consent of the holders of all outstanding Notes, may be waived by the written consent 
of holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding affected thereby, or 
by resolution adopted by the holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding present or represented at a meeting of the holders of the Notes affected thereby at which a 
quorum is present, as provided in the Agency Agreement (provided that such resolution shall be approved 
by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes then outstanding 
affected thereby). 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent in London, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) at the specified offices of the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent, 
or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) at the specified offices 
of the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent (or such other place outside the United States as 
may be notified to the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, upon 
payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred by the Issuer and the Agent or 
the TCCI Registrar or TCCI Transfer Agent or the TMCC Registrar or TMCC Transfer Agent, as the 
case may be, in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity, security or 
otherwise as the Issuer and the Agent or the TCCI Registrar or TCCI Transfer Agent or the TMCC 
Registrar or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agent and Paying Agents, Registrars and Transfer Agents 
The names of the initial Agent, the initial TCCI Registrar, the initial TCCI Transfer Agent, the 
initial TMCC Registrar and the initial TMCC Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out 
below.

--- Page 151 ---
Page 151 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement or the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or the TMCC Note 
Agency Agreement, the Agent and any other Paying Agents and (in the case of the TCCI Note Agency 
Agreement only) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent and (in the case of the TMCC Note 
Agency Agreement only) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  The Issuer agrees to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the 
Agency Agreement and (in respect of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI 
Note Agency Agreement and (in respect of Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC 
Note Agency Agreement and to use reasonable efforts to cause the Agent and any other Paying Agents to 
perform and observe the obligations imposed upon them under the Agency Agreement and (in respect of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent, 
to perform and observe the obligations imposed on them under the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in 
respect of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the 
TMCC Transfer Agent, to perform and observe the obligations imposed on them under the TMCC Note 
Agency Agreement.  The Agency Agreement and (in respect of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit 
Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in respect of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, contain provisions for the indemnification 
of the Agent and any other Paying Agents, the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent and the TMCC 
Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent, respectively, and for relief from responsibility in certain 
circumstances, and entitle any of them to enter into business transactions with the Issuer without being 
liable to account to the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent appointed under 
the terms of the Agency Agreement, or the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent appointed under 
the terms of the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, or the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent 
appointed under the terms of the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or Transfer Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent, TCCI Registrar, TCCI Transfer Agent, TMCC Registrar or TMCC Transfer Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading or listed on any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(iii) 
in respect of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., there will at all times 
be a TCCI Registrar and in respect of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation, there will at all times be a TMCC Registrar. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the 
United States only in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(d).  Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
In addition, in relation to Registered Notes issued or to be issued by it, Toyota Credit Canada Inc. 
or Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, as the case may be, is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment 
of any registrar, transfer agent or paying agent and/or appoint additional transfer agents, paying agents 
and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any such registrar, transfer agent or 
paying agent acts, provided that there will at all times be a registrar and a paying agent capable of making 
payments in the Specified Currency and (in the case of global Registered Notes) to the clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Agency Agreement or the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or the TMCC Note Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent and (in the case of the 
TCCI Note Agency Agreement and the TMCC Note Agency Agreement only) any registrar, paying agent 
or transfer agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent, registrar or transfer agent (as 
appropriate).

--- Page 152 ---
Page 152 
 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date, on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due 
in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8.  
Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
13. 
Consolidation or Merger 
The Issuer may consolidate with, or sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of its assets as an 
entirety to, or merge with or into any other corporation provided that in any such case, (i) either the Issuer 
shall be the continuing corporation, or the successor corporation shall be a corporation organised and 
existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated or any province, territory, 
state or other political subdivision thereof and such successor corporation shall expressly assume the due 
and punctual payment of the principal of and interest (including Additional Amounts as provided in 
Condition 7) on all the Notes and Coupons, according to their tenor, and the due and punctual 
performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions of the Notes to be performed by the 
Issuer by an amendment to the Agency Agreement or, as the case may be, the TCCI Note Agency 
Agreement or the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, executed by such successor corporation, the Issuer 
and the Agent or the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent or the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event 
of Default under Condition 9, and no event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become 
such an Event of Default shall have happened and be continuing.  In case of any such consolidation, 
merger, sale, lease or conveyance and upon any such assumption by the successor corporation, such 
successor corporation shall succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer, with the same effect as if it had 
been named herein as the Issuer, and the predecessor corporation, except in the event of a conveyance 
by way of lease, shall be relieved of any further obligation under the Notes and the Agency Agreement 
or, as the case may be, the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or the TMCC Note Agency Agreement. 
14. 
Substitution 
The Issuer (the “Retiring Issuer” and the expressions “Issuer” and “Retiring Issuer” include any 
previous relevant Substitute Issuer (as defined below) under this Condition 14) may, without the consent 
of the relevant Noteholders or Couponholders, substitute the Parent or any subsidiary of the Parent 
(including TFS) in place of the Issuer as the principal debtor under the Notes, the relative Coupons, the 
Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI 
Note Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement (the “Substitute Issuer”) provided that:  
(a) 
in the case of the substitution of a subsidiary of the Parent (other than TFS or any other Issuer) in 
place of the Retiring Issuer, a Credit Support Agreement, in the case of a subsidiary of TFS, between 
such subsidiary and TFS being entered into, and the TMC Credit Support Agreement applying, mutatis 
mutandis on the terms of the relevant Credit Support Agreement and the TMC Credit Support Agreement, 
respectively and, in the case of a subsidiary of the Parent (and not being also a subsidiary of TFS) a 
Credit Support Agreement between such subsidiary and the Parent being entered into mutatis mutandis 
on the terms of the TMC Credit Support Agreement; 
(b) 
a deed poll substantially in the form set out in Appendix G to the Agency Agreement (and such 
other documents (if any)) shall be executed by the Substitute Issuer and the Retiring Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the “Substitution Documents”) and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) under which (i) the Substitute Issuer shall undertake in favour of the relevant 
Noteholders and Couponholders to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and Coupons, the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the 
provisions of the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Motor Credit Corporation) the provisions of the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, as fully as if the 
Substitute Issuer had been named in the relevant Notes and Coupons, the Agency Agreement and (in the 
case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and 
(in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency 
Agreement, as the principal debtor in respect of the relevant Notes and Coupons, the Agency Agreement 
and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency 
Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC

--- Page 153 ---
Page 153 
 
Note Agency Agreement, in place of the Retiring Issuer; and (ii) the Retiring Issuer shall be released 
from its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the relevant Notes and Coupons, the Agency 
Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the 
TMCC Note Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (b) above, where the Substitute Issuer is subject 
generally to a taxing jurisdiction differing from or in addition to the taxing jurisdiction to which the 
Retiring Issuer for which it shall have been substituted under this Condition 14 was subject, the Substitute 
Issuer shall undertake or covenant in the Substitution Documents in terms corresponding to the 
provisions of Condition 7 with the substitution for or addition to the references to the taxing jurisdiction 
to which the Retiring Issuer, as the case may be, was subject of references to the taxing jurisdiction or 
additional taxing jurisdiction to which such Substitute Issuer, as the case may be, is subject and in such 
case, Condition 7 shall be deemed to be modified accordingly when such substitution takes effect;  
(d) 
the Substitution Documents shall contain a warranty and representation (i) that the Substitute 
Issuer and the Retiring Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for the substitution and that the Substitute Issuer has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Issuer of its obligations under 
the Substitution Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect, (ii) that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes and Coupons, the Agency 
Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the 
TMCC Note Agency Agreement are, in each case, valid and binding in accordance with their respective 
terms and enforceable by each relevant Noteholder, and (iii) the Substitute Issuer is solvent; 
(e) 
any credit rating obtained by the Retiring Issuer from a nationally recognised statistical rating 
organisation which applies to the relevant Notes will not be downgraded as a result of the substitution; 
(f) 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are admitted to trading shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute Issuer, such Notes will continue to be admitted 
to trading on such stock exchange; 
(g) 
where the Substitute Issuer is not a company incorporated in the United Kingdom, the Substitute 
Issuer shall have appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive service of process on its 
behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the relevant 
Notes and Coupons, the Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit 
Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement; 
(h) 
in the case of substitution of Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or a Canadian subsidiary of the Parent 
(“Canadian Replacement Subsidiary”) in place of the Retiring Issuer, no withholding or other taxes will 
be payable or required to be withheld by any such Substitute Issuer other than in respect of a holder of 
the relevant Notes or Coupons that: (i) does not deal at arm’s length (within the meaning of the Income 
Tax Act (Canada)) with Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or the Canadian Replacement Subsidiary (as 
applicable), (ii) is a “specified entity” (as defined in proposed subsection 18.4(1) of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada) contained in proposals to amend such Act released on 29 April 2022) in respect of Toyota 
Credit Canada Inc. or the Canadian Replacement Subsidiary (as applicable) or (iii) is, or does not deal at 
arm’s length with any person who is, a “specified shareholder” of Toyota Credit Canada Inc. or the 
Canadian Replacement Subsidiary (as applicable) for the purposes of the thin capitalisation rules in the 
Income Tax Act (Canada); 
(i) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar (from whom copies will be available) (in each case dated 
not more than three days prior to the intended date of substitution) from legal advisers of good standing 
selected by the Substitute Issuer (i) in each jurisdiction in which the Substitute Issuer and the Retiring 
Issuer are incorporated and in England confirming, as appropriate, that upon the substitution taking place, 
the Substitution Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute Issuer and 
the relevant Notes and Coupons, the Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes 
issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, are legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Substitute Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms; and (ii) in Japan 
and in the jurisdiction in which the Substitute Issuer is incorporated, in the event any Credit Support

--- Page 154 ---
Page 154 
 
Agreements are entered into under paragraph (a) above, confirming that any such Credit Support 
Agreements constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Parent, TFS and the Substitute Issuer, 
as the case may be, enforceable in accordance with its terms; and 
(j) 
in connection with any such substitution, the Substitute Issuer and the Retiring Issuer shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such substitution for individual Noteholders resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory and no person shall be entitled to claim whether from the Substitute Issuer, the 
Retiring Issuer, the Agent, (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the 
TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent, (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent, or any other person, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon any person 
except to the extent already provided in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking given in addition thereto or 
in substitution therefor in the Substitution Documents in accordance with paragraph (c) above. 
Upon execution of the Substitution Documents as referred to in paragraph (b) above, (i) the 
Substitute Issuer shall be the Issuer named in the relevant Notes and Coupons, the Agency Agreement 
and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency 
Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC 
Note Agency Agreement as principal debtor in place of the Retiring Issuer and the relevant Notes and 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, shall thereby be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution of the Substitute Issuer as principal debtor; and (ii) the Retiring Issuer shall be 
released as aforesaid from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the relevant Notes and 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement.  With effect on and from the time of the 
substitution of the Substitute Issuer in place of the Retiring Issuer: 
(A) 
the Retiring Issuer has no further obligations to any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to 
the relevant Notes and Coupons; 
(B) 
the Substitute Issuer has rights which the Retiring Issuer had in respect of the relevant Notes and 
Coupons (in each case subject to paragraph (c) above); and 
(C) 
the Substitute Issuer has assumed the obligations towards the Noteholders and Couponholders 
which the Retiring Issuer had in respect of the relevant Notes and Coupons. 
The Substitution Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent and (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) copied to the TCCI Registrar and (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) copied to the TMCC Registrar, for so long 
as any of the relevant Notes remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substitute 
Issuer or the Retiring Issuer by any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the relevant Notes, 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, or the Substitution Documents shall not have 
been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged.  The Substitute Issuer and the Retiring Issuer shall 
acknowledge in the Substitution Documents the right of every Noteholder to the production of the 
Substitution Documents for the enforcement of any of the relevant Notes, Coupons, the Agency 
Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the 
TMCC Note Agency Agreement, or the Substitution Documents. 
Within 14 days of a substitution taking effect under this Condition 14, the Retiring Issuer shall 
give notice of such substitution to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
15. 
Meetings, Modifications and Waivers 
The Agency Agreement, the TCCI Note Agency Agreement and the TMCC Note Agency 
Agreement contain provisions which, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, are binding on the 
Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, for convening meetings (including wholly or partly by 
means of electronic facility or facilities (including video conference platforms or by conference call)), of

--- Page 155 ---
Page 155 
 
holders of Notes and Coupons to consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification or 
waiver of the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes. 
The Agency Agreement, (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) 
the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation) the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, the Notes and any Coupons attached to the Notes may 
be amended by the Issuer and (in the case of the Agency Agreement) the Agent and (in the case of the 
TCCI Note Agency Agreement) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent, and (in the case of 
the TMCC Note Agency Agreement) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent, without the 
consent of the holder of any Note or Coupon (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or for curing, 
correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein, or to evidence the succession of 
another corporation to the Issuer as provided in Condition 13 or provide for substitution of the Issuer as 
provided in Condition 14, (ii) to make any further modifications of the terms of the Agency Agreement, 
or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency 
Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC 
Note Agency Agreement, necessary or desirable to allow for the issuance of any additional Notes (which 
modifications shall not be materially adverse to holders of outstanding Notes), or (iii) in any manner 
which the Issuer and (in the case of the Agency Agreement) the Agent and (in the case of the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent and (in the case of the TMCC 
Note Agency Agreement) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent may deem necessary or 
desirable and which shall not materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes and 
Coupons.  In addition, with the written consent of holders of a majority in aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding affected thereby, or by resolution adopted by the holders of a majority in 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes then outstanding present or represented at a meeting of the holders 
of the Notes affected thereby at which a quorum is present, as provided in the Agency Agreement 
(provided that such resolution shall be approved by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes then outstanding affected thereby), the Issuer and the Agent and (in 
the case of the TCCI Note Agency Agreement) the TCCI Registrar and the TCCI Transfer Agent and (in 
the case of the TMCC Note Agency Agreement) the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent 
may from time to time and at any time enter into agreements modifying or amending the Agency 
Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the 
TMCC Note Agency Agreement, or the Terms and Conditions and Coupons for the purpose of adding 
any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any provisions of the Agency Agreement, or 
(in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, 
or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation), the TMCC Note Agency 
Agreement, or of modifying in any manner the rights of the holders of Notes and Coupons; provided, 
however, that no such agreement shall, without the consent or the affirmative vote of the holder of each 
Note affected thereby, (i) change the stated maturity of the principal of or any instalment of interest on 
any Note, (ii) reduce the nominal amount of or interest on any Note, (iii) change the obligation of the 
Issuer to pay Additional Amounts as provided in Condition 7, (iv) reduce the percentage in nominal 
amount of outstanding Notes the consent of the holders of which is necessary to modify or amend the 
Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI 
Note Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) 
the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, or the Terms and Conditions or to waive any future compliance or 
past default, or (v) reduce the percentage in nominal amount of outstanding Notes the consent of the 
holders of which is required at any meeting of holders of Notes at which a resolution is adopted.  The 
quorum at any meeting called to adopt a resolution will be persons holding or representing a majority in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding affected thereby and at any adjourned meeting 
will be one or more persons holding or representing 25 per cent. in aggregate nominal amount of such 
Notes then outstanding affected thereby.  Any instrument given by or on behalf of any holder of a Note 
in connection with any consent to any such modification, amendment or waiver will be irrevocable once 
given and will be conclusive and binding on all subsequent holders of such Note.  Any modifications, 
amendments or waivers to the Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota 
Credit Canada Inc.) to the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) to the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, or to the Terms and 
Conditions and Coupons will be conclusive and binding on all holders of Notes and Coupons, whether 
or not they have given such consent or were present at any meeting, and whether or not notation of such 
modifications, amendments or waivers is made upon the Notes and Coupons.  It shall not be necessary 
for the consent of the holders of Notes under this Condition 15 to approve the particular form of any 
proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.

--- Page 156 ---
Page 156 
 
Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any amendment to the Agency 
Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) to the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) to 
the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, the Notes or Coupons may bear a notation in form approved by the 
Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar and 
the TCCI Transfer Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) 
the TMCC Registrar and the TMCC Transfer Agent, as to any matter provided for in such amendment 
to the Agency Agreement or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) to 
the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation) to the TMCC Note Agency Agreement. 
New Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or (in the case of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar and the Issuer, to any modification contained 
in any such amendment may be prepared by the Issuer, authenticated by the Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc.) the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) the TMCC Registrar or 
the TMCC Transfer Agent and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding. 
For the purposes of this Condition 15, Condition 3 and Condition 9, the term “outstanding” means, 
in relation to the Notes, all Notes issued under the Agency Agreement or the TCCI Note Agency 
Agreement or the TMCC Note Agency Agreement other than (i) those which have been redeemed in full 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement or the TCCI Note Agency Agreement or the TMCC Note 
Agency Agreement or these Terms and Conditions, (ii) those in respect of which the date for redemption 
in accordance with these Terms and Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys therefor 
(including all interest (if any) accrued but unpaid thereon to the date for such redemption and any interest 
(if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after such date) have been duly paid to the Agent as 
provided in the Agency Agreement or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc.) to the TCCI Registrar or the TCCI Transfer Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation) to the TMCC Registrar or the TMCC Transfer Agent (and, where 
appropriate, notice has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16) and remain 
available for payment against presentation of the Notes, (iii) those which have become void under 
Condition 8, (iv) those which have been purchased or otherwise acquired and cancelled as provided in 
Condition 6, and those which have been purchased or otherwise acquired and are being held by the Issuer 
for subsequent resale or reissuance as provided in Condition 6 during the time so held, (v) those mutilated 
or defaced Notes which have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Notes pursuant to Condition 
10, (vi) (for the purposes only of determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to 
their status for any other purpose) those Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect 
of which replacement Notes have been issued pursuant to Condition 10, and (vii) temporary global Notes 
to the extent that they shall have been duly exchanged in whole for permanent global Notes or definitive 
Notes and permanent global Notes or global Registered Notes to the extent that they shall have been duly 
exchanged in whole for definitive Notes, in each case pursuant to their respective provisions. 
16. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
this is not practicable, one other such English language newspaper as the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Agent, shall decide.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
admitted to trading or are listed by another relevant authority.  Any such notice published as aforesaid 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on 
the date of the first such publication.  Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the holders of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 16. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in 
its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or CDS Clearing and Depository 
Services Inc. (“CDS”), there may be substituted for such publication in such newspaper the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or CDS for communication by them or it 
to the holders of the Notes; provided that, for so long as any Notes are admitted to trading on a stock 
exchange or are listed by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by those rules.  Any notice delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 157 ---
Page 157 
 
CDS shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day after such notice is 
delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or CDS. 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes in definitive form will be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by mail to them (or, in the case of joint holders of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada 
Inc., to the first-named in the TCCI Register or, in the case of joint holders of Registered Notes issued 
by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, to the first-named in the TMCC Register) at their respective 
addresses as recorded in such register, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth 
business day after the date of such mailing. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, in the case of Bearer Notes, with the Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., with the TCCI Registrar or, in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, with the TMCC Registrar.  While any of 
the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to, in the 
case of Bearer Notes, the Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit Canada Inc., 
the TCCI Registrar or, in the case of Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, the 
TMCC Registrar, via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or CDS, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent or TCCI Registrar or TMCC Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or CDS, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save 
for the Issue Date, the amount and the date of the first payment of interest thereon and/or the Issue Price) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
18. 
Disapplication 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, 
the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, 
to the jurisdiction of the English courts for all purposes in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
TCCI Note Agency Agreement, the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the TCCI Note 
Agency Agreement, the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and in relation 
thereto the Issuer has appointed Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC as its agent for service of process 
on its behalf and has agreed that in the event of Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC ceasing so to act 
or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process.  
Without prejudice to the foregoing, to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees 
that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the TCCI 
Note Agency Agreement, the TMCC Note Agency Agreement the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
suit, action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement, the TCCI Note Agency Agreement, the TMCC Note Agency Agreement, the 
Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 158 ---
Page 158 
 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS 
The following is a general description of certain currency controls in the PRC and is based on the 
law and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as at the date of this Prospectus, all of which are subject 
to change, and does not constitute legal advice.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
applicable currency controls in the PRC relating to the Notes.  Prospective holders of Notes who are in 
any doubt as to PRC currency controls are advised to consult their own professional advisers. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC 
Renminbi is not a completely freely convertible currency.  The remittance of Renminbi into and 
outside the PRC is subject to controls imposed under PRC law. 
Current Account Items 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, current account item payments include 
payments for imports and exports of goods and services, payments of income and current transfers into 
and outside the PRC. 
Prior to July 2009, all current account items were required to be settled in foreign currencies.  
Since July 2009, subject to the Administrative Measures on RMB Settlement of Foreign Direct 
Investment (“PBoC RMB FDI Measures”) and their implementation rules, the PRC has commenced a 
pilot scheme pursuant to which Renminbi may be used for settlement of cross-border trade between 
approved pilot enterprises in five designated cities in the PRC being Shanghai, Guangzhou, Dongguan, 
Shenzhen and Zhuhai and enterprises in designated offshore jurisdictions including Hong Kong and 
Macau.  In June 2010 and June 2011, respectively, the PRC Government promulgated the Circular on 
Issues concerning the Expansion of the Scope of the Pilot Programme of Renminbi Settlement of Cross-
Border Trades and the Circular on Expanding the Regions of Cross-border Trades Renminbi Settlement 
(the “Circulars”) with regard to the expansion of designated cities and offshore jurisdictions 
implementing the pilot Renminbi settlement scheme for cross-border trades.  Pursuant to the Circulars 
(i) Renminbi settlement of imports and exports of goods and of services and other current account items 
became permissible, (ii) the list of designated pilot districts was expanded to cover all provinces and 
cities in the PRC; and (iii) the restriction on designated offshore districts has been lifted.  Accordingly, 
PRC enterprises and offshore enterprises are entitled to use Renminbi to settle imports of goods and 
services and other current account items between them; Renminbi remittance for exports of goods from 
the PRC may only be effected by approved pilot enterprises in the designated pilot districts in the PRC. 
On 3 February 2012, PBoC and five other PRC Authorities (the “Six Authorities”) jointly issued 
the Notice on Matters Relevant to the Administration of Enterprises Engaged in Renminbi Settlement of 
Export Trade in Goods (the “2012 Circular”).  Under the 2012 Circular, any enterprise qualified for the 
export and import business is permitted to use Renminbi as settlement currency for exports, provided 
that the relevant provincial government has submitted to the Six Authorities a list of key enterprises 
subject to supervision and the Six Authorities have verified and signed off on such list. 
On 5 July 2013, the PBoC promulgated the Circular on Simplifying the Procedures for 
Cross-Border Renminbi Transactions and Improving Related Policies (the “2013 PBoC Notice”), which, 
in particular, simplifies the procedures for cross border Renminbi trade settlement under current account 
items.  For example, PRC banks, based on due diligence review to know their clients (i.e., PRC 
enterprises), may conduct settlement for such PRC enterprises upon the PRC enterprises presenting the 
payment instruction.  PRC banks may also allow PRC enterprises to receive payments under current 
account items prior to the relevant PRC bank’s verification of underlying transactions (noting that 
verification of underlying transactions is usually a precondition for cross border remittance). 
On 1 November 2014, the PBoC promulgated the Notice on Matters concerning Centralized 
Cross-Border RMB Fund Operation conducted by Multinational Enterprise Groups (the “MEG”) (the 
“2014 PBoC Notice”), which provides that MEGs may carry out centralised operations of cross-border 
Renminbi funds via a group member incorporated in the PRC, including (i) two-way Renminbi cash-
pooling arrangement and (ii) centralised receipt and payment of cross-border Renminbi under the current 
account. 
On 5 September 2015, the PBoC promulgated the Notice on Further Facilitating the Two-way 
Cross-border Renminbi Cash-pooling Business by Multinational Enterprise Groups, which rephrases the 
requirements on two-way Renminbi cash-pooling arrangement and replaces those set forth under the 
2014 PBoC Notice.  Among other things, the PBoC stipulates that a qualified MEG is only allowed to 
have one two-way cross-border Renminbi cash-pooling in the PRC, and the funds held in the special

--- Page 159 ---
Page 159 
 
RMB deposit account under the name of the domestic group parent company is prohibited from being 
used for investing in securities, financial derivatives or non-self-use real estates or for purchasing wealth 
management products or granting entrusted loans. 
The above regulations, circulars and notices are subject to interpretation and application by the 
relevant PRC authorities.  Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the use of Renminbi for payment of transactions 
categorised as current account items, then such settlement will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.  Local authorities may adopt different practices in 
applying these circulars and impose conditions for the settlement of current account items. 
Capital Account Items 
Under the applicable PRC foreign exchange control regulations, capital account items include 
cross-border transfers of capital, direct investments, securities investments, derivative products and 
loans.  Capital account payments have been generally subject to the approval of the relevant PRC 
authorities except as otherwise specified by laws and regulations. 
Prior to October 2011, settlements of capital account items were generally required to be made in 
foreign currencies.  For instance, foreign investors (including any Hong Kong investors) were required 
to make any capital contribution to foreign invested enterprises in a foreign currency in accordance with 
the terms set out in the relevant joint venture contracts and/or articles of association as approved by the 
relevant authorities.  Foreign invested enterprises or relevant PRC parties were also generally required 
to make capital account payments including proceeds from liquidation, transfer of shares, reduction of 
capital, interest and principal repayment to foreign investors in a foreign currency. 
In terms of foreign direct investment (“FDI”), the PBoC issued the PBoC RMB FDI Measures on 
13 October 2011, as part of PBoC’s detailed Renminbi FDI accounts administration system.  The system 
covers almost all aspects in relation to FDI, including capital injections, payments for the acquisition of 
PRC domestic enterprises, repatriation of dividends and other distributions, as well as Renminbi 
denominated cross-border loans.  Under the PBoC RMB FDI Measures, special approval for FDI and 
shareholder loans from PBoC, which was previously required, is no longer necessary.  In some cases, 
post-event filing with PBoC is still necessary.  On 14 June 2012, the PBoC further promulgated the 
Notice on Clarifying the Detailed Operating Rules for RMB Settlement of Foreign Direct Investment 
(“PBoC RMB FDI Notice”) to provide detailed rules for opening and operating the relevant accounts and 
reiterates the restrictions upon the use of the funds within different Renminbi accounts.  On 5 July 2013, 
the PBoC promulgated the 2013 PBoC Notice which, among other things, provide more flexibility for 
funds transfers between the Renminbi accounts held by offshore participating banks at PRC onshore 
banks and offshore clearing banks respectively. 
On 10 May 2013, the SAFE promulgated the Provisions on the Foreign Exchange Administration 
of Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors, which removed previous approval requirements for 
foreign investors and foreign invested enterprises in opening of, and capital injections into, foreign 
exchange accounts, although registration for foreign exchange (including cross-border Renminbi) 
administration is still required. 
On 3 December 2013, MOFCOM promulgated the Circular on Issues in relation to Cross-border 
Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment (the “MOFCOM Circular”).  Pursuant to the MOFCOM Circular, 
the appropriate office of MOFCOM and/or its local counterparts will grant written approval for each FDI 
and specify “Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment” and the amount of capital contribution in the 
approval.  The MOFCOM Circular removes the previous approval requirement for foreign investors who 
intend to change the currency of their existing capital contribution from a foreign currency to Renminbi, 
and expressly prohibits the FDI Renminbi funds from being used for any investment in securities and 
financial derivatives (except for investment in PRC listed companies by strategic investors) or for 
entrusted loans in the PRC.  On 30 July 2017, MOFCOM promulgated the Interim Measures for Filing 
Administration of the Establishment and Change of Foreign-invested Enterprises (the “MOFCOM FIE 
Measures”), to further simplify the legal requirements on foreign direct investment.  Pursuant to the 
MOFCOM FIE Measures, all FDIs, including cross-border Renminbi FDIs, are subject to post-formation 
filings with MOFCOM instead of prerequisite written approvals from MOFCOM, as long as they do not 
fall into any restricted industries under the Special Administrative Measures for Access of Foreign 
Investment. 
On 13 February 2015, the SAFE promulgated the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange on Further Simplifying and Improving the Direct Investment-related Foreign Exchange

--- Page 160 ---
Page 160 
 
Administration Policies (the “2015 SAFE Notice”), which became effective on 1 June 2015.  Under the 
2015 SAFE Notice, the SAFE delegates the authority for approval/registration of foreign currency 
(including cross-border Renminbi) related matters for direct investment (internal and external) to 
designated foreign exchange banks. 
On 30 March 2015, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Reforming Foreign Exchange Capital 
Settlement for Foreign Invested Enterprises (the “2015 SAFE Circular”).  The 2015 SAFE Circular 
allows foreign-invested enterprises to settle 100 per cent. (tentative) of the foreign currency capital into 
Renminbi according to their actual operational needs, though SAFE reserves its authority to reduce the 
proportion of foreign currency capital that is allowed to be settled in such manner in the future.  It is also 
notable that the 2015 SAFE Circular continues to require that capital contributions should be applied 
within the business scope of a foreign-invested company for purposes that are legitimate and for that 
foreign-invested company’s own operations; with respect to the Renminbi proceeds obtained through the 
aforementioned settlement procedure, the 2015 SAFE Circular in principle prohibits such proceeds from 
being applied outside the business scope of the company unless for certain purposes as permitted by laws 
and regulations.  In addition, the 2015 SAFE Circular allows foreign-invested investment companies, 
foreign-invested venture capital firms and foreign-invested equity investment companies to make equity 
investment through Renminbi funds to be settled, or those already settled, from their foreign currency 
capital by transferring such settled Renminbi funds into accounts of invested enterprises, according to 
the actual investment scale of the proposed equity investment projects. 
On 26 April 2016, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Promoting Trade and Investment 
Facilitation and Improving Authenticity Review (the “2016 SAFE Notice”) to streamline the reviewing 
process of the foreign exchange administration to prevent the risks of cross-border capital flows.  First, 
the 2016 SAFE Notice stretches the lower limit of the composite foreign exchange settlement and sale 
position of banks.  Second, the 2016 SAFE Notice makes more delivery methods available for forward 
foreign exchange settlement, where banks may select the method of gross settlement or balance 
settlement for delivery upon maturity when handling forward foreign exchange settlement for 
institutional clients.  Furthermore, the policies on the administration over foreign exchange settlement of 
foreign debts applicable to Chinese-funded and foreign-invested enterprises are unified under the 2016 
SAFE Notice; the foreign debts borrowed by Chinese-funded non-financial enterprises may be settled 
for use pursuant to the prevailing regulations on foreign debt applicable to foreign-invested enterprises.  
The 2016 SAFE Notice also emphasises standardisation of the administration over the outbound 
remittance of profits in foreign currency from direct investment, and banks, when handling the remittance 
of profits exceeding the equivalent of U.S.$ 50,000 abroad for a domestic institution, are required to 
examine the profit distribution resolution of the board of directors (or the profit distribution resolution of 
all investors) that is related to this remittance of profits abroad, the original of its tax record-filing form 
and the financial statements as proof of the profits involved in this remittance according to the principle 
of transaction authenticity. 
On 9 June 2016, SAFE promulgated another Circular on Reforming and Standardising the 
Administrative Provisions on Capital Account Foreign Exchange Settlement (the “2016 SAFE 
Circular”), which became effective on the date of issuance.  The 2016 SAFE Circular provided, among 
others, that the settlement of foreign exchange funds under capital accounts (including the foreign capital, 
debt financing and overseas listing repatriation of funds) that are subject to willingness settlement as 
already specified by relevant policies may be handled at banks based on the domestic institutions’ actual 
requirements for business operation, and where there are restrictive provisions in any current regulations 
on the settlement of foreign exchange funds under capital accounts of domestic institutions, these 
provisions shall prevail.  The 2016 SAFE Circular also summarises the experience in settlement of capital 
account items gained from the earlier pilot programmes in a number of free trade zones and intends to 
uniform the management rules on voluntary settlement and payment of foreign exchange earnings under 
capital account nationwide.  Among other things, the 2016 SAFE Circular allows (i) domestic enterprises 
(including Chinese-funded enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises, excluding financial institutions) 
to settle their foreign debts in foreign currencies according to the method of voluntary foreign exchange 
settlement, and (ii) all the domestic institutions to voluntarily settle 100 per cent. (tentative) of the foreign 
exchange earnings under capital account (including capital in foreign currencies, foreign debts, funds 
repatriated from overseas listing, etc.) into Renminbi based on their actual operating needs, although 
SAFE reserves its authority to reduce the proportion of the foreign currency gains under the capital 
account that can be settled in such manner in the future.  With respect to the Renminbi proceeds obtained 
through the aforementioned settlement procedure, the 2016 SAFE Circular reiterates that such proceeds 
are prohibited from being applied outside the business scope of the enterprise or for any purposes 
prohibited by law, or applied (x) directly or indirectly to securities investment or investment and wealth

--- Page 161 ---
Page 161 
 
management products other than principal-protected products issued by banks, (y) directly or indirectly 
to granting entrusted loans, unless otherwise permitted by business scope, or (z) purchasing or 
constructing non-self-use real estate (unless it is a real estate company).  Finally, the 2016 SAFE Circular 
expressly indicates that in the event of any discrepancy between the 2016 SAFE Circular and the 2015 
SAFE Circular, the 2016 SAFE Circular shall prevail. 
On 11 January 2017, PBoC issued the Notice on Full-coverage Macro-prudent Management of 
Cross-border Financing (the “2017 PBoC Notice”), according to which, the non-financial enterprises and 
financial institutions (excluding government financing platforms and real estate enterprises) in China 
may independently carry out cross-border financing in Renminbi and foreign currencies pursuant to 
applicable provisions, subject to the cross-border financing restraint mechanism under the framework of 
macro-prudent rules imposed by PBoC.  Among other things, the 2017 PBoC Notice provides that the 
upper limit of the risk-weighted balance of cross-border financing of an enterprise is increased from 100 
per cent. to 200 per cent. of the net assets of such enterprise, and the new method to calculate the risk-
weighted balance of cross-border financing grants the financial institutions a larger quota for cross-border 
financing. 
On 26 January 2017, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Promoting the Reform of Foreign 
Exchange Administration and Improving Authenticity and Compliance Review (the “2017 SAFE 
Notice”, together with the 2015 SAFE Notice, 2015 SAFE Circular, 2016 SAFE Notice and 2016 SAFE 
Circular, the “SAFE Rules”) to establish a capital flow management system under the macro-prudent 
management framework.  Pursuant to the 2017 SAFE Notice, (i) the scope of settlement of domestic 
foreign exchange loans is expanded, where the settlement is allowed for domestic foreign exchange loans 
with a background of export trade in goods, and domestic institutions shall repay such loans with the 
foreign currency earned from export trade in goods rather than by purchasing foreign exchange; (ii) funds 
under foreign debts (including those denominated in offshore Renminbi) secured by domestic guarantees 
(Nei Bao Wai Dai) are allowed to be repatriated to China and therefore a debtor may directly or indirectly 
repatriate such funds to China by way of extending loans or making equity investments in China; (iii) 
centralised operation and management of the foreign exchange funds of multinational companies is 
further facilitated, and the percentage of the deposits drawn by a domestic bank via a main account for 
international foreign exchange funds that may be used in China is adjusted to no more than 100 per cent. 
(as opposed to 50 per cent., previously) of the average daily deposit balance of the preceding six months; 
and (iv) foreign exchange settlement is allowed for the domestic foreign exchange accounts of overseas 
institutions within pilot free trade zones.  The 2017 SAFE Notice also emphasised the importance of the 
foreign exchange administration over trade in goods, and the management of the outbound remittance of 
the foreign exchange profits of foreign direct investment in China, as well as the authenticity and 
compliance review of the outbound direct investment by PRC domestic institutions. 
On 5 January 2018, PBoC promulgated the Notice on Further Improving the RMB Cross-Border 
Business Policies and Promoting the Facilitation of Trading and Investment (the “2018 PBoC Notice”) 
to further support the use of RMB for cross-border settlement.  According to the 2018 PBoC Notice, all 
cross-border transactions that can be settled by foreign exchange under the relevant PRC laws can be 
settled in RMB.  Foreign investors that plan to set up multiple foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC 
are allowed to open separate special RMB upfront expense deposit accounts for each enterprise.  Foreign-
Invested enterprises are allowed to open more than one special RMB capital deposit account outside its 
domicile.  Funds in different special RMB capital deposit accounts under the same account name may be 
transferred among such accounts.  The 2018 PBoC Notice also stated that foreign investors’ profits, 
dividends and other investment proceeds that are legitimately obtained in the PRC may be freely remitted 
outside the PRC via the RMB cross-border settlement system after a diligent review of the relevant 
supporting documents by the relevant handling banks.  PRC domestic enterprises may, based on their 
actual needs, remit into the PRC the RMB funds raised through offshore issuance of RMB bonds after 
going through proper formalities under the full coverage macro-prudent management of cross-border 
financing mechanism of the PBoC.  RMB funds raised by a PRC domestic enterprise through offshore 
issuance of stocks may be remitted back into the PRC based on its actual needs. 
On 15 March 2019, SAFE promulgated the Circular on the Centralized Operation of Cross-Border 
Funds of Multinational Companies (the “2019 SAFE Circular”).  Pursuant to the 2019 SAFE Circular, 
multinational companies may, based on the macro-prudent principle, add the foreign debt quota and/or 
overseas lending quota, and carry out the overseas borrowing and lending activity following commercial 
practice within the scale of the aggregate quota.  In addition, the foreign debt and overseas loan 
registration is simplified and a one-time registration mechanism is adopted, which means multinational 
companies are no longer required, based on currency type and the role (creditor or debtor), to register the

--- Page 162 ---
Page 162 
 
relevant debt or loan one by one.  Among other things, the 2019 SAFE Circular also provides that a 
hosting company of MEG need not submit every authenticity proof material to the cooperative bank 
beforehand when it is handling the payment and use of foreign exchange income under the capital 
account. 
On 15 March 2019, the China National People’s Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment 
Law (the “Foreign Investment Law”) which, upon taking effect on 1 January 2020, will replace some of 
the basic laws and regulations relating to foreign investment in China.  The Foreign Investment Law is 
viewed to promote and protect foreign investment; among all the protective provisions, one specifically 
provides that the capital contribution made by foreign investors within China, and the profits, capital 
gains, proceeds out of asset disposal, intellectual property rights’ licensing fee, indemnity or 
compensation legally obtained, or proceeds received upon settlement by foreign investors within China, 
may be freely remitted inward and outward in RMB yuan or a foreign currency. 
The above regulations, circulars and notices are subject to interpretation and application by the 
relevant PRC authorities.  In addition, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment 
of transactions categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject 
to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. 
Although since 1 October 2016 the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund, there is no assurance that approval of such remittances, 
borrowing or provision of external guarantee in Renminbi will continue to be granted or will not be 
revoked in the future.  Further, since the remittance of Renminbi by way of investment or loans are now 
categorised as capital account items, such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in the relevant SAFE rules. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the 
overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the relevant Issuer to source Renminbi 
to finance its obligations under RMB Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
Page 163 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of 
Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which include making a 
profit.  If the relevant Issuer is TMF, it may also use part of the proceeds from an issue of Notes for the 
purpose of posting collateral with third party hedge providers rather than for the purpose of on-lending 
to other Toyota companies. 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes may be applied by the relevant Issuer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, exclusively to finance new retail loan and lease contracts for 
Toyota and Lexus vehicle models outlined and listed in the applicable Final Terms (“Eligible Models”) 
that meet the eligibility criteria (“Eligibility Criteria”) in each case as determined by the relevant Issuer 
and restricted to gasoline-electric hybrids or alternative fuel powertrain vehicles with a minimum 
highway and city miles per gallon/kilometres per litre and smog/emission rating to be outlined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Such Eligible Models and Eligibility Criteria outlined in the applicable Final 
Terms will not be subject to change with respect to the related issue of Notes.  Until such time as the 
entire net proceeds from an issue of Notes have been applied to finance such new retail loan and lease 
contracts for Eligible Models meeting the Eligibility Criteria, the relevant Issuer will produce a report 
(the “Use of Proceeds Report”) as outlined in the applicable Final Terms with respect to its use of such 
net proceeds, including the website location of the Use of Proceeds Report and details of compliance 
monitoring with respect to the use of such net proceeds.

--- Page 164 ---
Page 164 
 
TOYOTA MOTOR FINANCE (NETHERLANDS) B.V. (“TMF”)  
History and Business 
TMF was incorporated as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under the laws of the Netherlands on 3 August 1987.  TMF is registered in 
the Trade Register of the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce under number 33194984.  TMF’s legal 
entity identifier (“LEI”) is 724500OPA8GZSQUNSR96.  TMF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TFS 
which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent and its registered office is World Trade Center 
Amsterdam, Tower H, Level 10, Zuidplein 90, 1077 XV Amsterdam, the Netherlands with telephone 
number + 31 20 502 5310. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, TMF’s authorised share capital is 10,000 shares of common 
stock with a par value of EUR 454 each of which 2,000 shares have been issued and fully paid-up.  All 
issued and fully paid-up shares in TMF are held by TFS.  
The principal activity of TMF is to act as a group finance company for some of the subsidiaries 
and affiliates of the Parent and TFS.  TMF raises funds by issuing bonds and notes in the international 
capital markets and from other sources and on-lends to other Toyota companies.  TMF also provides 
guarantees for debt issuances of certain other Toyota companies.  In addition, TMF generates income 
from other investments and deposits incidental to its primary funding activities.  As a group finance 
company, TMF is dependent on the performance of the subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent and TFS 
to which it grants loans and in respect of which it provides guarantees. 
TMF complies with Section 3:2 of the Netherlands Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het 
financieel toezicht, “NLFMSA”) and is therefore not required to obtain a banking license pursuant to the 
NLFMSA. 
TMF and TFS have entered into a Credit Support Agreement (see “Relationship of TFS and the 
Issuers with the Parent”). 
There have been no material changes in TMF’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 March 
2022.  To fund ongoing financing of its activities, TMF anticipates maintaining its presence in the 
international capital markets and to negotiate bilateral loans.  Refer to the “Liquidity and Capital 
Resources” section of TMF’s Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. 
Directors and Senior Management of TMF  
The Board of Management of TMF is responsible for the operations and management of TMF.  
The Managing Directors of TMF and their business addresses are George Juganar and Akihiko Sekiguchi 
of World Trade Center Amsterdam, Tower H, Level 10, Zuidplein 90, 1077 XV Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands and Toshiaki Kawai and Kazuo Noda of Nagoya Lucent Tower, 6-1, Ushijima-cho, Nishi-
ku, Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture 451-6015, Japan (both of whom are engaged in the business of TMF 
and/or TFS).  The Managing Directors have no other business activities outside of the Toyota group.   
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to TMF of any of the directors of TMF 
and their private interests or other duties. 
The Netherlands has no specific corporate governance regime in respect of issuing vehicles in the 
Netherlands, such as TMF, where shares in the capital of such issuing vehicles in the Netherlands are not 
listed on an EEA regulated market and which only issue listed and unlisted debt securities. 
TMF is not required to have an audit committee under the laws of the Netherlands due to an 
exemption under Article 3 of the Decree implementing (i) Directive 2014/56/EU amending Directive 
2006/43/EC on statutory audits of annual accounts and consolidated accounts and (ii) Regulation (EU) 
no. 537/2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audits of public-interest entities, and amending 
the Decree implementing Directive 2006/43/EC on statutory audits of annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts (Besluit instelling auditcommissie).

--- Page 165 ---
Page 165 
 
Articles of Association 
Article 2 of the Articles of Association of TMF provides that the objects of TMF are (a) borrowing 
and lending funds; entering into any type of financial transactions; and giving guarantees; (b) 
participating in, financing and administrating other companies, associations and enterprises of whatever 
nature; acquiring, retaining, disposing of or in any way administrating any type of participation or interest 
in other companies, associations and enterprises of whatever nature; and acting as a holding company; 
and (c) acquiring, administrating, operating, disposing of or otherwise utilising personal and real 
property.

--- Page 166 ---
Page 166 
 
TOYOTA CREDIT CANADA INC. (“TCCI”) 
History and Business  
TCCI, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TFS, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent, is a 
corporation incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act on 19 February 1990.  TCCI’s 
Corporation 
Number 
is 
257476-4. 
 
TCCI’s 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
(“LEI”) 
is 
HJZQGXYTVV2NWJZLPW74.  The registered office of TCCI is located at 80 Micro Court, Suite 200, 
Markham, Ontario L3R 9Z5, Canada with telephone number +1 905 513 8200.   
As of the date of this Prospectus, TCCI’s authorised share capital is an unlimited number of shares 
of common stock without par value, of which 6,000 shares with a par value of C$10,000 each, have been 
issued and fully paid-up.  TCCI has no subsidiary undertakings. 
The principal business of TCCI, which is an integral part of the Toyota group’s presence in 
Canada, is to provide financing services for authorised Toyota dealers and users of Toyota products.  
Financial products offered (i) to customers, include lease and loan financing (i.e. financing through 
Toyota dealers to assist customers to acquire Toyota and Lexus vehicles); and (ii) to Toyota dealers, 
include floor plan financing (i.e. financing of dealer inventory), wholesale lease financing (i.e. financing 
of dealer lease portfolios) and dealership financing (i.e. financing of the construction, acquisition or 
renovation of dealership facilities).  Such financing programmes are offered in all provinces and 
territories of Canada. 
Save for a private retail loan securitisation transaction entered into in August 2022, there have 
been no material changes in TCCI’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 March 2022.  To fund 
ongoing financing of its activities, TCCI anticipates maintaining its presence in the international and 
domestic capital markets, to negotiate bilateral loans and letters of credit.  Refer to the “Liquidity and 
Capital Resources” section of TCCI’s Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 March 
2022. 
TCCI and TFS have entered into a Credit Support Agreement (see “Relationship of TFS and the 
Issuers with the Parent”). 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors, which has responsibility for the administration of the affairs of TCCI, 
consists of and their business addresses are: 
Mark Templin of 6565 Headquarters Drive, Plano, Texas 75024–5965, United States 
Cyril Dimitris of 1 Toyota Place, Scarborough, Ontario, M1H 1H9, Canada 
Yoriyuki Hirayama of 80 Micro Court, Suite 200, Markham, Ontario, L3R 9Z5, Canada 
Darren Cooper (President & CEO) of 80 Micro Court, Suite 200, Markham, Ontario, L3R 9Z5, 
Canada 
Larry Hutchinson of 1 Toyota Place, Scarborough, Ontario, M1H 1H9, Canada 
All of the above noted directors are engaged in the business of TCCI and/or the Parent and/or an 
affiliated company of the Parent and have no significant activities outside of the Toyota group.  No 
potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to TCCI of any of the Board of Directors of TCCI 
and their private interests or other duties. 
TCCI complies with the corporate governance regime of Canada, as applicable to TCCI. 
TCCI is not required to have an audit committee under the laws of Canada.

--- Page 167 ---
Page 167 
 
TOYOTA FINANCE AUSTRALIA LIMITED (“TFA”) 
(ABN 48 002 435 181) 
History and Business 
TFA, which was incorporated as a public company limited by shares in New South Wales, 
Australia on 18 June 1982, operates under the Australian Corporations Act and is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of TFS which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the ultimate parent entity, the Parent 
incorporated in Japan.  TFA’s Australian Business Number (“ABN”) is 48 002 435 181, TFA’s 
Australian Company Number (“ACN”) is 002 435 181.  TFA’s legal entity identifier (“LEI”) is 
3UKPTDP5PGQRH8AUK042.  The registered office of TFA is located at Level 9, 207 Pacific Highway, 
St Leonards NSW 2065 Australia, with telephone number +61 2 9430 0000.  TFA’s website is at:  
https://www.toyota.com.au/finance.  As at 31 March 2022, TFA had 898.80 adjusted full-time equivalent 
employees.  As of the date of this Prospectus TFA’s contributed equity is AUD 120 million (120 million 
ordinary shares with no par value fully paid-up).  All shares in TFA are held by TFS. 
AAAF entered into a strategic alliance with Mazda Australia on 22 January 2019 to offer retail 
and dealer financial products and services to Mazda dealers and customers in Australia.  TFA also 
announced on 8 March 2022 that AAAF had entered into a distribution arrangement with Suzuki 
Australia Pty Ltd to launch Suzuki Financial Services, to offer retail and dealer financial products and 
services to Suzuki dealers and customers in Australia. 
TFA also has an investment of 5,000,000 ordinary shares (45.45 per cent.) in an associated 
company, Toyota Finance New Zealand Limited (“TFNZ”), incorporated in New Zealand.  The balance 
of the shares in TFNZ are owned by TFS.  Other than AAAF and the following securitisation entities: 
the Southern Cross Toyota 2009-1 Trust and the King Koala TFA 2012-1 Trust, TFA has no other 
subsidiaries.  The principal activities of TFA, which are an integral part of the Toyota group’s presence 
in Australia, are: 
• 
financing the acquisition of motor vehicles by retail and commercial customers by way 
of consumer and commercial loans;  
• 
providing bailment facilities and commercial loans to motor dealers;  
• 
providing vehicle finance (by way of loans, term purchase, finance lease or operating 
lease) and fleet management services to government and corporate customers; 
• 
selling retail insurance policies underwritten by third party insurers as agents; and 
• 
providing KINTO services for the short-term provision of vehicles (car share) to a group 
of registered members in Australia. 
TFA operates in the following business and geographical segments: 
Business segments 
- 
Retail - comprising loans and leases to personal and commercial customers including 
wholesale finance which comprises loans and bailment to motor vehicle dealerships; and  
- 
Fleet - comprising loans and leases to small business and fleet customers consisting of 
medium to large commercial clients and government bodies. 
Geographical segments 
TFA’s business segments operate in Australia. 
Dependence and Control  
The Parent and TFS  
All the outstanding stock of TFA is owned directly by TFS.  TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Parent.  The Parent effectively controls TFA and is able in practice to directly control the composition 
of the Board of Directors of TFA and direct the management and policies of TFA.  
TFA and TFS have entered into a Credit Support Agreement (see “Relationship of TFS and the 
Issuers with the Parent”).

--- Page 168 ---
Page 168 
 
TFNZ  
TFNZ is involved in the retail financing and leasing of new and used vehicles sold by Toyota 
dealers, the marketing of vehicle and finance related insurances and the provision of wholesale floor plan 
facilities to authorised Toyota dealers.  TFNZ also provides retail finance and related products for 
pleasure boats and transacts some unsecured personal loan business with existing creditworthy 
customers.  All operations are conducted in New Zealand.  TFA’s investment in TFNZ is accounted for 
in its consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting.  The equity method of 
accounting requires TFA’s share, currently 45.45 per cent., of TFNZ’s post-acquisition profits and losses 
to be recognised in the income statement, and TFA’s share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is 
recognised in reserves.  TFA’s consolidated financial position, and performance as represented by the 
results of its operations and cash flows is dependent on TFNZ’s performance, to the extent of TFA’s 
interest in TFNZ. 
TMCA  
Certain financing products offered by TFA and its subsidiaries may be subsidised by Toyota Motor 
Corporation Australia Limited (“TMCA”) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent).  TMCA is the 
primary distributor of new Toyota and Lexus vehicles in Australia.  
The majority of TFA’s business is connected with the financing of new and used Toyota and Lexus 
vehicles. 
Higher levels of sales of new and used Toyota and Lexus vehicles in Australia relative to the level 
of sales of new and used vehicles of other makes are favourable for TFA’s business.  Lower levels of 
sales of new and used Toyota and Lexus vehicles in Australia relative to the level of sales of new and 
used vehicles of other makes are not favourable for TFA’s business. 
Other funding sources 
TFA has two domestic securitisation programmes.  Under each programme, vehicle finance 
receivables up to a specified maximum total amount may be sold into a special-purpose securitisation 
trust.  TFA provides subordinated funding to each trust.  The accounts of each trust are included in TFA’s 
consolidated financial statements. 
Details of each programme are as follows: 
Date 
Limit  
(A$ million) 
Commitment 
TFA funded 
Mezzanine 
Note* 
Balance at  
31 March 2022 
(A$ million) 
November 2009 .................... 
3,400 
Uncommitted 
25% 
1,917.72 
March 2012 .......................... 
2,400 
Uncommitted 
15% 
1,605.57 
  __________ 
  * TFA subordinated funding 
TFA has also entered into the following taxation arrangements: 
• 
the tax contribution deed (“TCD”);  
• 
the tax sharing deed (“TSD”); and  
• 
the goods and services tax grouping arrangement (“GST Grouping Arrangement”). 
The TCD and TSD are income tax arrangements between TMCA, TFA (all eligible tier 1 
companies), and their subsidiary members SCT Pty Ltd (and SCT Pty Ltd’s subsidiary companies - MLan 
Computer Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd and OTS (Australia) Pty Ltd), AAAF, the Southern Cross Toyota 
2009-1 Trust and the King Koala TFA 2012-1 Trust (collectively the “Income Tax Group”). 
The main purpose of these arrangements is to formalise the management, calculation, allocation, 
funding and payment of the Income Tax Group’s income tax liability for any year a group income tax 
consolidated return is filed.  The arrangements effectively allocate the income tax liability to each 
member of the Income Tax Group based on the stand alone liability of each Income Tax Group member.

--- Page 169 ---
Page 169 
 
TMCA is responsible as head entity of the Income Tax Group for remitting Income Tax Group 
income tax liability to the Australian Taxation Office as and when required.  TMCA indemnifies each 
member of the Income Tax Group where liability arises as a result of TMCA’s failure to pay the Income 
Tax Group income tax liability provided each Income Tax Group member has given TMCA the necessary 
information and has paid its share of the Income Tax Group income tax liability. 
For so long as TFA is a member of an income tax consolidated group TFA is jointly and severally 
liable for the income tax liabilities of the income tax consolidated group.  TFA’s liability is effectively 
limited within the consolidated group by the TSD.  The TSD broadly limits TFA’s exposure for Income 
Tax Group income tax liability to the income tax liability TFA would have paid were it not a member of 
the Income Tax Group.  There are also indemnities provided by the parties to the TCD and TSD to each 
other in relation to instances of default by a party. 
Under the GST Grouping Arrangement (the “GST Group” whose members are the same as the 
Income Tax Group, except for MLan Computer Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd and OTS (Australia ) Pty Ltd 
who are not members of the GST Group), a group Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) and Luxury Car Tax 
(“LCT”) return is filed by TMCA.  Under the GST and LCT law TFA is jointly and severally liable for 
the GST and LCT liabilities of the GST Group, should TMCA default in its group GST and LCT 
obligations to the Australian Taxation Office. 
Transactions by other members of the Income Tax Group and the GST Group with external parties 
may be subject to review by the tax authorities and would be dealt with by the representative member or 
head company of the relevant group.  As such, TFA will generally either have no knowledge, or not have 
detailed knowledge, of any such review as they pertain to other members of the Income Tax Group and/or 
the GST Group. 
Potential future Australian Government policy measures, including but not limited to potential 
future stimulus measures or potential new measures arising from Australian Government sponsored 
reviews of the Australian tax system or for any other reasons, may directly or indirectly impact TFA’s 
net income.  A later future modification or cessation of such potential future measures may adversely 
impact the net income of TFA. 
There have been no material changes in TFA’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 March 
2022.  To fund ongoing financing activities, maturing debt and expected asset growth, TFA anticipates 
maintaining an active presence in both the international and domestic capital markets, to negotiate 
bilateral loans and utilise securitisation facilities.  Refer to the “Liquidity and Capital Resources” section 
of TFA’s Annual Securities Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. 
Directors and Senior Management  
The Board of Directors, which has responsibility for the administration of the affairs of TFA, 
consists of and their business addresses are: 
Evangelos Tsirogiannis (Managing Director) of 207 Pacific Highway, St Leonards, NSW, 
2065, Australia. 
Shiro Kadena of 207 Pacific Highway, St Leonards, NSW, 2065, Australia. 
Brenton Knight of 602 Great South Road, Greenlane, Auckland, New Zealand. 
Gai McGrath of 83 Cook Street, Forestville, NSW, 2087, Australia. 
John Pappas of 155 Bertie Street, Port Melbourne, Victoria, 3207, Australia. 
Matthew Callachor of 155 Bertie Street, Port Melbourne, Victoria, 3207, Australia. 
Mark Templin of 6565 Headquarters Drive, Plano, Texas 75024–5965, United States. 
A majority of the Directors are engaged in the business of TFA, TFS, the Parent or an affiliated 
company of the Parent.  Gai McGrath was appointed as an independent director in October 2016.  No 
potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to TFA of any of the Directors of TFA and their 
private interests or other duties. 
There is no separate statutory corporate governance regime in Australia applicable to unlisted 
public companies, although the Australian Corporations Act regulates certain aspects of the governance 
of unlisted public companies.  TFA’s Senior Executive Committee (a committee of its most senior 
executives) has established a comprehensive internal audit and legal compliance review programme to 
ensure compliance with internal policies and procedures and compliance with lending and other laws

--- Page 170 ---
Page 170 
 
impacting on its operations including trade practices, taxation and corporation laws.  As at the date of 
this Prospectus, the members of the Senior Executive Committee are the CEO, the Executive Vice 
President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, General Managers (divisional leaders), General 
Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer.  There are no non-executive 
members of the Senior Executive Committee.  The Board of TFA and Senior Executive Committee has 
established a separate Audit Committee (constituted by the members of the Senior Executive Committee 
and the Internal Auditor) to review all audit outcomes and any remedial action proposed or taken to 
resolve any issues of non-compliance.  All internal audit programmes and internal audit reports are tabled 
at TFA’s Audit Committee for approval and review.  In addition, the Senior Executive Committee has 
established a separate Compliance Committee to oversee TFA’s legal compliance review programme.  
Representatives of the Compliance Committee include Senior Executive Committee members, 
Compliance Manager and TFA’s responsible managers under its credit and financial services licences.  
Updates from the Audit Committee and Compliance Committee meetings are tabled for the information 
and noting by the Senior Executive Committee and TFA Board of Directors. 
Constitution  
Notwithstanding any provision of TFA’s Constitution, under the Australian Corporations Act, 
TFA has all the powers of a natural person and no act of TFA is invalid merely because it is contrary or 
beyond any of its stated objects.

--- Page 171 ---
Page 171 
 
TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION (“TMCC”)  
History and Business 
Unless otherwise specified in this document “TMCC” means Toyota Motor Credit Corporation 
and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
TMCC was incorporated as a California corporation (Corporation Number 1123946) on 4 October 
1982 under the laws of the State of California to continue perpetually.  It commenced operations in 1983.  
TMCC 
is 
registered 
in 
California. 
 
TMCC’s 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
(“LEI”) 
is 
Z2VZBHUMB7PWWJ63I008.  TMCC is wholly-owned by Toyota Financial Services International 
Corporation (“TFSIC”), a California corporation which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TFS.  TFS, in 
turn, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent.  TMCC is marketed under the brands of Toyota 
Financial Services, Lexus Financial Services, and Mazda Financial Services.  TMCC’s website is at:  
www.toyotafinancial.com. 
TMCC provides a variety of finance and voluntary vehicle and payment protection products and 
services to authorised Toyota and Lexus dealers or dealer groups, private label dealers or dealer groups 
and, to a lesser extent, other domestic and import franchise dealers (collectively referred to as “dealers”) 
and their customers in the United States of America (excluding Hawaii) (the “U.S.”) and Puerto Rico.  
TMCC’s products and services fall primarily into the following categories: 
Finance Operations - TMCC acquires retail instalment sales contracts from dealers in the U.S. 
and Puerto Rico (“retail contracts”) and leasing contracts accounted for as operating leases 
(“lease contracts”) from dealers in the U.S.  TMCC collectively refers to its retail and lease 
contracts as the “consumer portfolio”.  TMCC also provides dealer financing, including 
wholesale financing, working capital loans, revolving lines of credit and real estate financing to 
dealers in the U.S. and Puerto Rico.  TMCC collectively refers to its dealer financing portfolio as 
the “dealer portfolio”. 
Voluntary Protection Operations – Through TMIS, TMCC provides marketing, underwriting, 
and claims administration for voluntary vehicle and payment protection products sold by dealers 
in the U.S.  TMCC’s voluntary vehicle and payment protection products include vehicle service, 
guaranteed auto protection, prepaid maintenance, excess wear and use, tyre and wheel protection, 
key replacement protection and used vehicle limited warranty contracts.  TMIS also provides 
coverage and related administrative services to certain of TMCC’s affiliates in the U.S. 
TMCC supports growth in earning assets through funding obtained primarily in the global capital 
markets as well as funds provided by investing and operating activities.  Refer to Item 7. and Item 2. 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity 
and Capital Resources” in TMCC’s Form 10-K for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (“FY2022 
10-K”) and its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 30 June 2022 (“Form 10-Q”), respectively, which are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus for a discussion of TMCC’s funding activities. 
TMCC’s field operations consist of three regional dealer service centres (“DSCs”) located in 
Chandler, Arizona (serving the West region), Plano, Texas (serving the Central region) and Alpharetta, 
Georgia (serving the East region).  The regional DSCs acquire retail and lease contracts from dealers and 
market its voluntary protection products to dealers. 
The dealer lending function is centralised at the DSC located in Plano, Texas, and supports the 
dealers by providing wholesale financing and other dealer financing activities such as business 
acquisitions, facilities refurbishment, real estate purchases, and working capital requirements. 
TMCC currently services contracts through three regional customer service centres (“CSCs”) 
located throughout the U.S.  The CSCs support customer account servicing functions such as collections, 
lease terminations and administration of both retail and lease contract customer accounts.  The Central 
region CSC also supports voluntary protection operations by providing contract and claims 
administrative services.  In the financial year 2021, TMCC announced the restructuring of its customer 
service operations to better serve its customers by relocating and streamlining the customer service 
operation and investing in new technology.  The restructuring is in progress, and TMCC plans to 
complete the process of moving its three regional CSCs to be co-located with the regional DSCs to 
become regional experience centres by the end of the financial year 2023. 
In the financial year 2021, TMCC began providing private label financial services to third-party 
automotive and mobility companies commencing with the provision of services to Mazda America.

--- Page 172 ---
Page 172 
 
TMCC is currently leveraging its existing processes and personnel to originate and service the new assets; 
however, it will continue to evaluate the private label financial services business, which includes 
partnering with or transitioning a portion of the business to its affiliates, some of which are not 
consolidated with TMCC.  TMCC has also made certain technology investments to support the Mazda 
programme and future private label customers. 
In the  financial year 2022, TMCC announced, in furtherance of its private label financial services 
initiative for third party automotive and mobility companies, that it entered into a nonbinding letter of 
intent with Great American Outdoors Group LLC, the parent company of Bass Pro Shops, Cabela’s and 
the White River Marine Group to provide private label financial services for Bass Pro Shop’s boats, all-
terrain vehicle products, and other mobility products.  TMCC began to provide inventory financing for 
Bass Pro Shops, its affiliates and authorised independent dealers in financial year 2023, with additional 
private label services, including consumer financing and voluntary protection products and services, to 
be added over time. 
TMCC and TFS have entered into a Credit Support Agreement (see “Relationship of TFS and the 
Issuers with the Parent”). 
Seasonality 
Revenues generated by TMCC’s retail and lease contracts are generally not subject to seasonal 
variations.  TMCC’s financing volume is subject to a certain degree of seasonality.  This seasonality does 
not have a significant impact on revenues as collections, generally in the form of fixed payments, occur 
over the course of several years.  TMCC is subject to seasonal variations in credit losses, which are 
historically higher in the first and fourth calendar quarters of the year. 
TMCC’s executive and registered offices are located at, and the contact address for TMCC’s 
Board of Directors is, 6565 Headquarters Drive, Plano, Texas 75024–5965.  TMCC’s telephone number 
is +1 469 486 9013. 
Other than as described in Item 7. and Item 2. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” in TMCC’s FY2022 
10-K and its Form 10-Q, respectively, there have been no material changes in TMCC’s borrowing and 
funding structure since 31 March 2022. 
TMCC anticipates financing its activities through a variety of funding sources, including 
commercial paper, bank term loans, asset-backed securitisation, and unsecured debt transactions in the 
global and domestic capital markets.  Refer to Item 7. and Item 2. “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” in 
TMCC’s FY2022 10-K and its Form 10-Q, respectively. 
Finance Operations 
The table below summarises TMCC’s financing revenues, net of depreciation by product. 
 
Years Ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Percentage of financing revenues, net  
of depreciation: 
 
 
 
Operating leases, net of depreciation ................... 
41% 
43% 
38% 
Retail .................................................................... 
54% 
50% 
49% 
Dealer ................................................................... 
5% 
7% 
13% 
Financing revenues, net of depreciation ............... 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Retail and Lease Financing  
Pricing 
TMCC matches interest rates with customer risk as defined by credit bureau scores and other 
factors for a range of price and risk combinations.  Rates vary based on customer credit experience, term 
of the contract, loan-to-value and collateral, including whether a new or used vehicle is financed.  In 
addition, special rates may apply as a result of promotional activities.  TMCC reviews and adjusts interest 
rates based on competitive and economic factors and distributes the rates to dealers.

--- Page 173 ---
Page 173 
 
Underwriting 
Dealers transmit customer credit applications electronically through TMCC’s online system for 
contract acquisition.  The customer may submit a credit application directly to TMCC’s website, in which 
case, the credit application is sent to the dealer of the customer’s choice and is considered by TMCC for 
pre-approval.  Upon receipt of the credit application, TMCC’s loan origination system automatically 
requests a credit bureau report from one of the major credit bureaus.  TMCC uses a proprietary credit 
scoring system to evaluate an applicant’s risk profile.  Factors used by the credit scoring system (based 
on the applicant’s credit history) include the term of the contract, ability to pay, debt ratios, amount 
financed relative to the value of the vehicle to be financed, and credit bureau attributes such as number 
of trade lines, utilisation ratio and number of credit inquiries. 
Credit applications are subject to systematic evaluation.  TMCC’s loan origination system 
evaluates each application to determine if it qualifies for automatic approval or decline without manual 
intervention (“auto-decisioning”) using specific requirements, including internal credit score and other 
application characteristics.  Typically, the highest quality credit applications are approved automatically 
and the lowest quality credit applications are automatically declined. 
Credit analysts (working in TMCC’s field operations) approve or decline all credit applications 
that are not auto-decisioned and may also approve an application that has been the subject of an 
automated decline.  Failure to be automatically approved through auto-decisioning does not mean that 
an application does not meet TMCC’s underwriting guidelines.  A credit analyst decisions applications 
based on an evaluation that considers an applicant’s creditworthiness and projected ability to meet the 
monthly payment obligation, which is derived from, among other things, the amount financed and the 
term of the contract.  A credit analyst will verify information contained in the credit application if the 
application presents an elevated level of credit risk.  TMCC’s proprietary scoring system assists the credit 
analyst in the credit review process.  The credit analyst’s final credit decision is made based upon the 
degree of credit risk perceived by the credit analyst after assessing the strengths and weaknesses of the 
application. 
Completion of the financing process is dependent upon whether the transaction is a retail or lease 
contract.  For a retail contract, TMCC acquires the retail contract from the dealer and obtains a security 
interest in the vehicle.  TMCC perfects its security interests in the financed retail vehicles through the 
applicable state department of motor vehicles (or equivalent) with certificate of title filings or with 
Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”) filings, as appropriate.  For a lease contract, except as described 
below under “Servicing”, TMCC acquires the lease contract and concurrently assumes ownership of the 
leased vehicle.  TMCC has the right to pursue collection actions against a delinquent customer, as well 
as repossess a vehicle if a customer fails to meet contractual obligations. 
TMCC regularly reviews and analyses its consumer portfolio to evaluate the effectiveness of its 
underwriting guidelines and purchasing criteria.  If external economic factors, credit losses, delinquency 
experience, market conditions or other factors change, TMCC may adjust its underwriting guidelines and 
purchasing criteria in order to change the asset quality of its portfolio or to achieve other goals and 
objectives. 
Subvention and Incentive Programmes 
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (“TMS”), a subsidiary of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. 
(“TMNA”), is the primary distributor of Toyota and Lexus vehicles in the United States.  In partnership 
with TMNA and certain non-affiliated third-party distributors, TMCC may offer special promotional 
rates, which TMCC refers to as subvention programmes.  TMNA and third-party distributors pay TMCC 
the majority of the difference between TMCC’s standard rate and the promotional rate.  Amounts 
received in connection with these programmes allow TMCC to maintain yields at levels consistent with 
standard programme levels.  The level of subvention programme activity varies based on the marketing 
strategies of TMNA and third-party distributors, economic conditions, vehicle inventory levels and 
volume of vehicle sales.  The amount of subvention TMCC receives varies based on the mix of vehicles 
included in the promotional rate programmes and the timing of the programmes.  The majority of 
TMCC’s lease contracts and a significant portion of its retail contracts are subvened.  TMCC may also 
offer cash and contractual residual value support incentive programmes in partnership with TMNA or 
third-party distributors.  Subvention and other cash incentive programme payments offered in partnership 
with TMNA or third-party distributors are settled at the beginning of the retail or lease contract.  TMCC 
may also offer its own cash incentives and other competitive rate programmes.  TMCC defers the 
payments and recognises them over the life of the contract as a yield adjustment for retail contracts and 
as rental income or a reduction to depreciation expense for lease contracts.

--- Page 174 ---
Page 174 
 
Servicing 
TMCC’s CSCs are responsible for servicing the consumer portfolio.  A centralised department 
manages third-party vendor relationships responsible for bankruptcy administration, liquidation and post 
charge-off recovery activities, certain administrative activities, customer services activities and pre-
charge off collections with support from the CSCs. 
TMCC uses an online collection and auto dialler system that prioritises collection efforts and 
signals its collections personnel to make telephone contact with delinquent customers.  TMCC also uses 
a behavioural-based collection strategy to minimise risk of loss and employs various collection methods 
based on behavioural scoring models (which analyse borrowers’ payment performance, vehicle valuation 
and credit bureau scores to predict future payment behaviour).  TMCC generally determines whether to 
commence repossession efforts after an account is approximately 80 days past due.  Repossessed vehicles 
are held for sale to comply with statutory requirements and then sold at private auctions, unless public 
auctions are required by state law.  Any unpaid amounts remaining after the repossessed vehicle is sold 
or after taking the full balance charge-off are pursued by TMCC to the extent practical and legally 
permissible.  Any surplus amounts remaining after recovery fees, disposition costs, and other expenses 
have been paid, and after any reserve charge-backs, dealer guarantees and optional product refunds have 
been credited to the customer’s account, are refunded to the customers.  Collections of post-sale 
deficiencies and full-balance charge-offs are handled by third-party vendors and the CSCs.  TMCC 
charge-offs uncollectible portions of accounts when an account is deemed to be uncollectable or when 
the account balance becomes 120 days contractually delinquent, whichever occurs first.  However, the 
CSCs will continue to collect or pursue recovery of the vehicle up to 190 days after the account is past 
due. 
TMCC may, in accordance with its customary servicing procedures, offer rebates or waive any 
prepayment charge, late payment charge or any other fees that may be collected in the ordinary course 
of servicing the consumer portfolio.  In addition, TMCC may defer a customer’s obligation to make a 
payment by extending the contract term. 
Substantially all of TMCC’s retail and lease contracts are purchased as non-recourse from the 
dealers.  This relieves the dealers of financial responsibility in the event of a customer default. 
TMCC may experience a higher risk of loss if customers fail to maintain required insurance 
coverage.  The terms of TMCC’s retail contracts require customers to maintain physical damage 
insurance covering loss or damage to the financed vehicle in an amount not less than the full value of the 
vehicle and to provide evidence of such insurance upon TMCC’s request.  The terms of each contract 
allow, but do not require, TMCC to obtain any such insurance coverage on behalf of the customer.  In 
accordance with TMCC’s customary servicing procedures, TMCC does not exercise its right to obtain 
insurance coverage on behalf of the customer.  TMCC’s lease contracts require lessees to maintain 
minimum liability insurance and physical damage insurance covering loss or damage to the leased 
vehicle in an amount not less than the full value of the vehicle.  TMCC currently does not monitor 
ongoing customer insurance coverage as part of its customary servicing procedures for the consumer 
portfolio. 
Toyota Lease Trust, a Delaware business trust (the “Titling Trust”), acts as lessor and holds title 
to leased vehicles in the U.S.  This arrangement was established to facilitate lease securitisations.  TMCC 
services lease contracts acquired by the Titling Trust from Toyota and Lexus dealers.  TMCC holds an 
undivided interest in lease contracts owned by the Titling Trust, and these lease contracts are included in 
Investments in operating leases, net on TMCC’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Remarketing 
The lessee may purchase the leased vehicle at the contractual residual value or return the leased 
vehicle to the dealer.  If the leased vehicle is returned to the dealer, the dealer may purchase the leased 
vehicle or return it to TMCC.  TMCC is responsible for disposing of the leased vehicle if the lessee or 
dealer does not purchase the vehicle at lease maturity. 
In order to minimise losses when vehicles are returned to TMCC, TMCC has developed 
remarketing strategies to maximise proceeds and minimise disposition costs on used vehicles.  TMCC 
uses various channels to sell vehicles returned at lease-end or repossessed prior to lease-end, including a 
dealer direct programme (“Dealer Direct”) and physical auctions. 
The goal of Dealer Direct is to increase dealer purchases of off-lease vehicles thereby reducing 
the disposition costs of such vehicles.  Through Dealer Direct, the dealer accepting return of the lease

--- Page 175 ---
Page 175 
 
vehicle (the “grounding dealer”) has the option to purchase the vehicle at the contractual residual value, 
purchase the vehicle at an assessed market value or return the vehicle to TMCC.  Vehicles not purchased 
by the grounding dealer are made available to all Toyota and Lexus dealers through the Dealer Direct 
online auction.  Vehicles not purchased through Dealer Direct are sold at physical vehicle auction sites 
throughout the U.S.  Where deemed necessary, TMCC reconditions used vehicles prior to sale at auction 
in order to enhance the vehicle values. 
Dealer Financing 
Dealer financing is comprised of wholesale financing and other financing options designed to 
meet dealer business needs. 
Wholesale Financing 
TMCC provides wholesale financing to dealers for inventories of new and used Toyota, Lexus, 
private label, and other domestic and import vehicles.  TMCC acquires a security interest in the vehicle 
inventory and/or other dealership assets, as appropriate, which it perfects through UCC filings.  
Wholesale financing may also be backed by corporate or individual guarantees from, or on behalf of, 
affiliated dealers, dealer groups or dealer principals.  In the event of a dealer default under a wholesale 
loan agreement, TMCC has the right to liquidate assets in which it has a perfected security interest and 
to seek legal remedies pursuant to the wholesale loan agreement and any applicable guarantees. 
Additionally, TMNA and other manufacturers may be obligated by applicable law, or under 
agreements with TMCC, to repurchase or to reassign new vehicle inventory TMCC financed that meets 
certain mileage and model year parameters, curtailing its risk.  TMCC also provides other types of 
wholesale financing to certain Toyota and Lexus dealers and other third parties, at the request of TMNA 
or private Toyota distributors, and TMNA or the applicable private distributor guarantees the payments 
by such borrowers. 
Other Dealer Financing 
TMCC provides fixed and variable rate working capital loans, revolving lines of credit and real 
estate financing to dealers and various multi-franchise organisations referred to as dealer groups for 
facilities construction and refurbishment, working capital requirements, real estate purchases, business 
acquisitions and other general business purposes.  These loans are typically secured with liens on real 
estate, vehicle inventory and/or other dealership assets, as appropriate, and may be guaranteed by 
individual or corporate guarantees of affiliated dealers, dealer groups, or dealer principals.  Although the 
loans are typically collateralised or guaranteed, the value of the underlying collateral or guarantees may 
not be sufficient to cover TMCC’s exposure under such agreements.  TMCC’s pricing reflects market 
conditions, the competitive environment, the level of support dealers provide TMCC’s retail, lease and 
voluntary protection products and the creditworthiness of each dealer. 
Before establishing a wholesale loan or other dealer financing agreement, TMCC performs a credit 
analysis of the dealer.  During this analysis, TMCC: 
• 
reviews financial statements and TMCC may obtain credit reports and bank references; 
• 
evaluates the dealer’s financial condition and history of servicing debt; and 
• 
assesses the dealer’s operations and management. 
On the basis of this analysis, TMCC may approve the issuance of a loan or financing agreement 
and determine the appropriate amount to lend. 
As part of TMCC’s monitoring processes, TMCC requires dealers to submit periodic financial 
statements.  TMCC also performs periodic physical audits of vehicle inventory as well as monitoring the 
timeliness of dealer inventory financing payoffs in accordance with the terms agreed-upon to identify 
possible risks. 
Competition 
TMCC operates in a highly competitive environment and competes with other financial 
institutions including national and regional commercial banks, credit unions, savings and loan 
associations, online banks, and finance companies.  To a lesser extent, TMCC competes with other 
automobile manufacturers’ affiliated finance companies that actively seek to purchase retail contracts 
through Toyota, Lexus, and private label dealers.  TMCC also competes with national and regional 
commercial banks and other automobile manufacturers’ affiliated finance companies for dealer

--- Page 176 ---
Page 176 
 
financing.  No single competitor is dominant in the industry.  TMCC competes primarily through service 
quality, its relationship with TMNA and third-party automotive and mobility companies to whom it 
provides financial services, and financing rates.  TMCC seeks to provide exceptional customer service 
and competitive financing programmes to its dealers and to their customers.  TMCC’s affiliation with 
TMNA and relationships with third-party automotive and mobility companies to whom it provides 
financial services offers an advantage in providing financing or leasing of Toyota, Lexus, and private 
label vehicles. 
Voluntary Protection Operations 
TMIS offers voluntary protection products on Toyota, Lexus, and other domestic and import 
vehicles that are primarily sold by dealers as part of the dealer’s sale of a vehicle.  The majority of the 
voluntary protection products offered by TMIS are not regulated as insurance products.  However, certain 
states require TMIS’s contracts be backed by policies issued by a regulated insurance company.  To 
satisfy the aforementioned requirement, TMIS utilises its insurance company subsidiaries to underwrite 
certain risks.  Vehicle service contracts offer vehicle owners and lessees mechanical breakdown 
protection for new and used vehicles secondary to the manufacturer’s new vehicle warranty.  Guaranteed 
auto protection contracts provide coverage for a lease or retail contract deficiency balance in the event 
of a total loss or theft of the covered vehicle.  Prepaid maintenance contracts provide maintenance 
services at manufacturer recommended intervals.  Excess wear and use contracts are available on leases 
and protect against excess wear and use charges that may be assessed at lease termination.  Tyre and 
wheel protection contracts provide coverage in the event that a covered vehicle’s tyres or wheels become 
damaged as a result of a road hazard or structural failure due to a defect in material or workmanship, to 
the extent not covered by the manufacturer or the tyre distributor warranties.  Certain tyre and wheel 
protection contracts also cover expenses related either to replacing or reprogramming a vehicle key or 
vehicle key remote in the event of loss or damage.  Key replacement protection contracts provide stand-
alone coverage for expenses related either to replacing or reprogramming a vehicle key or vehicle key 
remote in the event of loss or damage.  Used vehicle limited warranty contracts are included with the 
purchase of a used vehicle and provides for the repair or replacement of certain covered components that 
have mechanically failed on the covered used vehicle. 
TMIS provides TMNA contractual indemnity insurance coverage for limited warranties on 
certified Toyota and Lexus pre-owned vehicles.  TMIS also provides umbrella liability insurance to 
TMNA and other affiliates covering certain dollar value layers of risk above various primary or self-
insured retentions.  On all layers in which TMIS provides coverage, 99 per cent. of the risk is ceded to a 
reinsurer. 
Competition for the voluntary protection products is primarily from national and regional 
independent service contract providers.  TMCC competes primarily through service quality, its 
relationship with TMNA and third-party automotive and mobility companies to whom it provides 
financial services and product benefits.  TMCC’s affiliation with TMNA provides an advantage in selling 
its voluntary protection products. 
Corporate Governance 
TMCC is in compliance with the applicable corporate governance statutes and regulations of the 
State of California. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Prospectus, TMCC’s authorised share capital is 100,000 shares of capital 
stock, no par value, of which 91,500 shares have been issued and fully paid up, making a total issued 
share capital of U.S.$915 million.  All shares are held by TFSIC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TFS.

--- Page 177 ---
Page 177 
 
Directors and Principal Executive Officers 
Name and business address 
Position 
Country of domicile 
Mark S. Templin of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Director, President and Chief Executive 
Officer, TMCC 
Director, President and Chief Operating 
Officer, TFSIC; 
Director and Group Chief Operating Officer, 
TFS; 
Director, TMNA; 
Director and Chairman, Toyota Financial 
Savings Bank 
United States 
Scott Cooke of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Director, Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer, TMCC; 
Chief Financial Officer, TFSIC 
United States 
Alec Hagey of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Director, Senior Vice President and Chief 
Operating Officer, TMCC 
United States 
Mao Saka of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Director and Treasurer, TMCC; 
Director, TFSIC 
United States 
Ellen L. Farrell of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Group Vice President, General Counsel, 
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer and 
Secretary, TMCC; 
Secretary TFSIC; 
Director, Toyota Financial Savings Bank 
United States 
Vipin Gupta of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Group Vice President and Chief Innovation 
and Digital Officer, TMCC 
United States 
Grace Mullings of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Principal Accounting Officer, 
Vice President of Accounting and Corporate 
Controller, TMCC 
United States 
Anna Sampang of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Group Vice President – Service Operations, 
TMCC 
United States 
Hiroyoshi Korosue of Nagoya 
Lucent Tower, 6-1, Ushijma-
cho, Nishi-ku, Nagoya City, 
Aichi Prefecture 451-6015 
Japan 
Director, TMCC; 
Director, Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, TFSIC; 
Director, President and Chief Executive 
Officer, TFS; 
Chief Officer, Sales Financial Business 
Group, TMC 
Japan 
Tetsuo Ogawa of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Director, TMCC; 
Director, President and Chief Operating 
Officer, TMNA; 
Chief Executive Officer, North America 
Region, TMC 
United States

--- Page 178 ---
Page 178 
 
Name and business address 
Position 
Country of domicile 
Jack Hollis of 6565 
Headquarters Drive, Plano, 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
Director, TMCC; 
Senior 
Vice 
President 
- 
Automotive 
Operations, TMNA 
United States 
All of the directors of TMCC’s Board of Directors, with the exception of Hiroyoshi Korosue, 
Tetsuo Ogawa and Jack Hollis, are members of an Executive Committee of the Board of Directors with 
authority to exercise the powers of the Board except for certain specified matters not permissible under 
the California Corporations Code and other matters specifically reserved by the Board. 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to TMCC of any of the Directors of 
TMCC and their private interests or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
As of the date of this Prospectus, Kris Pritchard, Mao Saka and Kevin Storm comprise TMCC’s 
audit committee.  This is not an independent audit committee.  The following is a summary of the terms 
of reference of TMCC’s audit committee charter. 
The primary function of the Audit Committee (the “Committee”) is to assist the Board of Directors 
and management of TMCC in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities. 
The Committee has authority to initiate and direct investigations and assessments of any 
operations, financial reporting and other critical processes.  It has unrestricted access to management and 
all appropriate information and has the authority to retain outside counsel, accountants and consultants 
to advise or assist the Committee.  The Committee meets at least four times annually and can convene 
additional meetings as necessary and request the presence of management and external advisers as 
required. 
To fulfil its duties with respect to reports published by TMCC, the Committee reviews, among 
other things: TMCC’s annual audited financial statements and other financial information included in 
periodic SEC filings; each Form 10-Q and Form 10-K prior to its filing with the SEC; TMCC’s financial 
reporting and accounting standards and principles and the key accounting decisions affecting TMCC’s 
financial statements; and the process for the quarterly officer certifications required by the SEC with 
respect to financial statements and TMCC’s disclosure and internal controls. 
The Committee annually reviews the relationship between TMCC and its independent registered 
public accounting firm to ensure the firm’s independence.  The Committee has responsibility to 
recommend to the Board decisions to appoint, retain and terminate the external auditors and pre-approve 
audit engagement fees and terms. 
The Committee reviews, approves and directs TMCC’s internal audit functions and periodically 
consults with the Chief Audit Executive about internal controls and the results of internal audits.  The 
Committee also oversees management’s monitoring of compliance with TMCC’s Code of Ethics. 
The Committee is exempt from certain SEC and New York Stock Exchange regulations relating 
to audit committees as TMCC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TMC and TMCC does not issue equity 
securities to the public. 
Articles of Association  
The purpose of the corporation, as set forth in Article II of TMCC’s Articles of Incorporation, is 
to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organised under the General 
Corporation law of California other than the banking business, the trust company business or the practice 
of a profession permitted to be incorporated by the California Corporations Code.

--- Page 179 ---
Page 179 
 
RELATIONSHIP OF TFS AND THE ISSUERS WITH THE PARENT  
General 
TMF, TCCI and TFA are wholly-owned subsidiaries of TFS, a Japanese corporation.  TMCC is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of TFSIC, a California corporation which is itself a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of TFS.  TFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent, a Japanese corporation.  Each of the Issuers is 
the beneficiary of certain credit support arrangements described more fully below.  These arrangements 
support the credit ratings of the relevant Issuer’s securities and provide a substantial benefit to each of 
the Issuers. 
Credit Support Agreements  
Each of TMF, TCCI and TFA has entered into a Credit Support Agreement in English with TFS 
dated as of 7 August 2000 and TMCC has entered into a Credit Support Agreement in English with TFS 
dated as of 1 October 2000 (each an “Issuer Credit Support Agreement” and together the “Issuer Credit 
Support Agreements”, as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time).  TFS has 
entered into a Credit Support Agreement dated 14 July 2000, a Supplemental Credit Support Agreement 
dated 14 July 2000 and a Supplemental Credit Support Agreement No. 2 dated 2 October 2000 in each 
case in Japanese with the Parent (collectively, the “TMC Credit Support Agreement”, as may be amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time).  Each Issuer Credit Support Agreement together with the 
TMC Credit Support Agreement are collectively described in this Prospectus as the “Credit Support 
Agreements”.  The following is a summary of certain of the terms of the Issuer Credit Support 
Agreements and the TMC Credit Support Agreement, copies or, in the case of the TMC Credit Support 
Agreement, an English translation of which are available for inspection as stated in “General 
Information”.  
TFS has agreed with each of the Issuers in the Issuer Credit Support Agreements: 
(i) 
to own, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the 
relevant Issuer and not to pledge, directly or indirectly, or in any way encumber or 
otherwise dispose of any such shares of stock so long as the relevant Issuer has any 
outstanding bonds, debentures, notes and other investment securities and commercial 
papers (hereinafter called the “Securities”), unless required to dispose of any or all such 
shares of stock pursuant to a court decree or order of any governmental authority which, 
in the opinion of counsel to TFS, may not be successfully challenged;  
(ii) 
to cause the relevant Issuer and its subsidiaries, if any, to have a consolidated tangible net 
worth, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant Issuer and as shown on the relevant Issuer’s 
most recent audited annual consolidated balance sheet, of at least EUR100,000 in the case 
of TMF, C$150,000 in the case of TCCI, A$150,000 in the case of TFA and U.S.$100,000 
in the case of TMCC so long as Securities of each such relevant Issuer are outstanding.  
Tangible net worth means the aggregate amount of issued capital, capital surplus and 
retained earnings less any intangible assets; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Issuer at any time determines that it will run short of cash or other liquid 
assets to meet its payment obligations on any Securities then or subsequently to mature 
and that it shall have no unused commitments available under its credit facilities with 
lenders other than TFS, then the relevant Issuer will promptly notify TFS of the shortfall 
and TFS will make available to the relevant Issuer, before the due date of such Securities, 
funds sufficient to enable it to pay such payment obligations in full as they fall due.  The 
relevant Issuer will use such funds made available to it by TFS solely for the payment of 
such payment obligations when they fall due.  
The Parent has agreed with TFS in the TMC Credit Support Agreement: 
(i) 
to own, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of TFS and 
not to pledge, directly or indirectly, or in any way encumber or otherwise dispose of any 
such shares of stock so long as TFS has any outstanding bonds, debentures, notes and other 
investment securities and commercial paper (hereinafter called “TFS Securities”, which 
shall include, except for the purpose of paragraph (iii) below, any Securities issued by 
subsidiaries or affiliates of TFS in respect of which TFS has guarantee or credit support 
obligations), unless required to dispose of any or all such shares of stock pursuant to a

--- Page 180 ---
Page 180 
 
court decree or order of any governmental authority which, in the opinion of counsel to the 
Parent, may not be successfully challenged; 
(ii) 
to cause TFS and TFS’s subsidiaries, if any, to have a consolidated tangible net worth, as 
determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Japan and as 
shown on TFS’s most recent audited annual consolidated balance sheet, of at least 
JPY10,000,000 so long as TFS Securities are outstanding.  Tangible net worth means the 
aggregate amount of issued capital, capital surplus and retained earnings less any 
intangible assets; and  
(iii) 
if TFS at any time determines that it will run short of cash or other liquid assets to meet its 
payment obligations in respect of any TFS Securities or obligations under any guarantee 
and credit support agreements then or subsequently to mature and that it shall have no 
unused commitments available under its credit facilities with lenders other than the Parent, 
then TFS will promptly notify the Parent of the shortfall and the Parent will make available 
to TFS, before the due date in respect of such obligations, funds sufficient to enable it to 
pay such payment obligations in full as they fall due.  TFS will use such funds made 
available to it by the Parent solely for the payment of such payment obligations when they 
fall due.  
The Issuer Credit Support Agreements and the TMC Credit Support Agreement are not, and 
nothing contained therein and nothing done by TFS and the Parent respectively should be deemed to 
constitute a guarantee, direct or indirect, by TFS or the Parent respectively of any Securities or TFS 
Securities, respectively, including the Notes.  The Parent’s obligations under the TMC Credit Support 
Agreement and the obligations of TFS under its Issuer Credit Support Agreements, rank pari passu with 
its direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations. 
The Issuer Credit Support Agreements and the TMC Credit Support Agreement are executed for 
the benefit of the holders of Securities and TFS Securities, as the case may be, including the Notes, and 
such holders may rely on the observance by TFS and/or the Parent, as the case may be, of the provisions 
of the Issuer Credit Support Agreements and/or the TMC Credit Support Agreement, as the case may be.  
The Issuer Credit Support Agreements and the TMC Credit Support Agreement provide that the 
holders of Securities and/or TFS Securities, as the case may be, including the Notes, have the right to 
claim directly against TFS and/or the Parent, as the case may be, to perform any of its obligations under 
the Issuer Credit Support Agreements and/or the TMC Credit Support Agreement, as the case may be.  
Such claim must be made in writing with a declaration to the effect that such a holder will have recourse 
to the rights given under the relevant Issuer Credit Support Agreement or the TMC Credit Support 
Agreement, as the case may be.  If TFS and/or the Parent receives such a claim from any of the holders 
of Securities and/or TFS Securities, as the case may be, TFS and/or the Parent must indemnify, without 
any further action or formality, such a holder against any loss or damage arising out of or as a result of 
the failure to perform any of its obligations under the Issuer Credit Support Agreements and/or the TMC 
Credit Support Agreement, as the case may be.  The holder of Securities and/or TFS Securities who made 
the claim may enforce such indemnity directly against TFS and/or the Parent, as the case may be. 
The Issuer Credit Support Agreements and the TMC Credit Support Agreement each provide 
that either TFS or the relevant Issuer, in the case of the Issuer Credit Support Agreements, or that either 
the Parent or TFS, in the case of the TMC Credit Support Agreement, may terminate such Agreement 
upon 30 days written notice to the other, with a copy to each statistical rating agency that, upon the 
request of the relevant Issuer or TFS, has issued a rating in respect of the relevant Issuer or any Securities, 
in the case of the Issuer Credit Support Agreements or, upon the request of TFS or the Parent, has issued 
a rating in respect of TFS or any TFS Securities, in the case of the TMC Credit Support Agreement (in 
each case a “Rating Agency”), subject to the limitation that termination will not take effect until or unless 
(i) all Securities, in the case of the Issuer Credit Support Agreements, or all TFS Securities, in the case 
of the TMC Credit Support Agreement, issued on or prior to the date of such termination notice have 
been repaid or (ii) each Rating Agency has confirmed to the relevant Issuer, in the case of the Issuer 
Credit Support Agreements, or TFS, in the case of the TMC Credit Support Agreement, that the debt 
ratings of all such Securities, in the case of the Issuer Credit Support Agreements, or all TFS Securities, 
in the case of the TMC Credit Support Agreement, will be unaffected by such termination. 
The Issuer Credit Support Agreements and the TMC Credit Support Agreement are governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, the laws of Japan.

--- Page 181 ---
Page 181 
 
Each of the Issuers and TFS have entered into a credit support fee agreement which requires each 
of the Issuers to pay a fee to TFS based on a percentage of the weighted average outstanding amount of 
the relevant Issuer’s bonds and other liabilities or securities entitled to credit support under the relevant 
Issuer Credit Support Agreement and the TMC Credit Support Agreement described above.

--- Page 182 ---
Page 182 
 
TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION (“TFS”)  
General Information  
TFS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent, is a limited liability, joint-stock company 
incorporated under the Commercial Code of Japan and continues to exist under the Companies Act of 
Japan.  TFS was incorporated on 7 July 2000.  The legal entity identifier (“LEI”) for TFS is 
353800WDOBRSAV97BA75.  TFS is a holding company established by TMC to oversee the 
management of Toyota’s finance companies worldwide.  TFS has 79 consolidated subsidiaries and nine 
affiliates, most of which are incorporated outside of Japan.  Financial services and products rendered 
through the group companies of TFS include automobile loans and leasing, loans to automobile dealers 
and other businesses such as insurance, credit cards and securities.  These operations are conducted in 
42 countries and regions. 
In connection with the above, the Parent has entered into the Credit Support Agreement with TFS 
and TFS has, in turn, entered into the Credit Support Agreement with each of the Issuers.  See 
“Relationship of TFS and the Issuers with the Parent”. 
TFS’s principal executive offices are located in Nagoya Lucent Tower, 6-1, Ushijima-cho, Nishi-
ku, Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture 451-6015, Japan (telephone number +81-52-217-2300). 
Business Overview 
Principal activities 
The main business of TFS as a holding company is formulating the plans and strategies of the 
financial business, management of earnings and risk management of Toyota’s finance companies and the 
promotion of efficient financial business. 
TFS has the following principal consolidated subsidiaries (including branches) and affiliates 
which conduct business centering on financial services relating to Toyota products. 
(Automobile Financial Services) 
Country by region 
Name 
 
 
Americas 
 
 
United States  
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation  
 
Canada  
Toyota Credit Canada Inc.  
 
Puerto Rico  
Toyota Credit de Puerto Rico Corporation  
 
Mexico  
Toyota Financial Services Mexico, S.A. de C.V.  
 
Brazil  
Banco Toyota do Brasil S.A.  
 
 
KINTO Brasil Servivicos de Mobilidade Ltda. 
 
Argentina  
Toyota Compania Financiera de Argentina S.A.  
 
 
 
 
Europe & Africa 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC 
 
 
KINTO UK Ltd. 
 
Germany 
Toyota Kreditbank GmbH  
 
 
KINTO Europe GmbH 
 
 
KINTO Deutschland GmbH 
 
France 
Toyota Financial Services France  
 
 
KINTO France SAS 
 
Italy 
Toyota Financial Services Italia S.p.A.  
 
 
KINTO Italia S.p.A. 
 
Spain 
Toyota Financial Services Espana  
 
Norway 
Toyota Financial Services Norway  
 
Denmark 
Toyota Financial Services Danmark A/S  
 
Sweden 
Toyota Financial Services Sweden  
 
Finland 
Toyota Finance Finland Oy  
 
Czech Republic 
Toyota Financial Services Czech, s.r.o.  
 
Hungary 
Toyota Financial Services Hungary Zrt.  
 
Poland 
Toyota Bank Polska S.A.  
 
Slovakia 
Toyota Financial Services Slovakia s.r.o  
 
South Africa 
Toyota Financial Services (South Africa) Limited*

--- Page 183 ---
Page 183 
 
Country by region 
Name 
 
 
Russia 
AO Toyota Bank 
 
Kazakhstan 
Toyota Financial Services Kazakhstan MFO LLP 
 
Portugal 
Toyota Financial Services Portugal 
 
 
KINTO Portugal S.A. 
 
Ireland 
Toyota Financial Services Ireland DAC 
 
Austria 
Toyota Financial Services Austria 
 
Belgium 
Toyota Financial Services Belgium S.A / N.V. 
 
 
 
 
Asia & Oceania 
 
 
Australia 
Toyota Finance Australia Limited  
 
Thailand 
Toyota Leasing (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  
 
Malaysia 
Toyota Capital Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  
 
New Zealand 
Toyota Finance New Zealand Limited  
 
Philippines 
Toyota Financial Services Philippines Corporation  
 
Indonesia 
PT Toyota Astra Financial Services*  
 
China 
Toyota Motor Finance (China) Company Limited  
 
 
Toyota Financial Services (China) Corporation 
 
 
Toyota Motor Leasing (China) Company Limited 
 
South Korea 
Toyota Financial Services Korea Co., Ltd.  
 
Taiwan 
Hotai Finance Corporation* 
 
 
Hotai Leasing Corporation* 
 
Vietnam 
Toyota Financial Services Vietnam Company Limited 
 
India 
Toyota Financial Services India Ltd. 
 
Singapore 
Toyota Financial Services Singapore Pte Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Japan 
 
 
 
Toyota Finance Corporation  
 
 
KINTO Corporation 
 
 
 
 
 
(Other Financial Services) 
Country by region 
Name 
 
 
 
The Netherlands 
Toyota Motor Finance (Netherlands) B.V.  
 
United States 
Toyota Financial Services International Corporation  
 
 
Toyota Financial Savings Bank  
 
 
Toyota Financial Services Securities USA Corporation  
 
 
Toyota Motor Insurance Services, Inc. 
 
__________ 
* 
Affiliated company 
Principal markets 
TFS, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, conducts business in Japan, North America, Europe, 
Asia and other areas.  The main competitors are commercial banks and other financial institutions. 
Board of Directors and Corporate Auditors 
As of the date of this Prospectus, TFS’s Board of Directors consists of the following persons: 
Name 
Position  
 
 
Hiroyoshi Korosue (1) 
President of TFS, Chief Officer of the Parent 
Shinya Kotera (1) 
Senior Executive Vice President of TFS 
Mark Templin (2) 
President and Chief Executive Officer of TMCC 
Hao Tien (3) 
Deputy Chief Officer of the Parent 
Toshiyuki Nishi (1) 
President of TFC 
Koji Kobayashi (4) 
Member of the Board of Directors (Representative Director) and 
Chief Risk Officer of the Parent

--- Page 184 ---
Page 184 
 
Name 
Position  
Yoichi Miyazaki (4) 
Senior General Manager of the Parent 
Masahiro Yamamoto (4) 
Project General Manager of the Parent 
 
 
The business addresses of the Directors of TFS are as follows: 
(1) 
Nagoya Lucent Tower, 6-1, Ushijima-cho, Nishi-ku, Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture 
451-6015, Japan 
(2) 
6565 Headquarters Drive, Plano, Texas 75024–5965, United States 
(3) 
1 Wallich Street, #36-01 Guoco Tower, Singapore 078881 
(4) 
1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 471-8571, Japan. 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to TFS of any of the Directors of TFS 
and their private interests or other duties.  TFS does not have an audit committee although it does have 
four Corporate Auditors who have the duty of supervising the administration of TFS’s affairs by the 
Directors and also of examining the financial statements and business reports to be submitted by a 
representative director to general meetings of the shareholder together with a duty to prepare and submit 
an audit report to the Board of Directors each year. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the following persons comprise TFS’s Audit & Supervisory 
Board Members: 
Name 
Position 
 
 
Shinji Sugimori 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member 
Katsuyuki Ogura 
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Parent 
Kenta Kon 
Operating Officer of the Parent 
 
 
Corporate Governance 
TFS is in compliance with the applicable corporate governance statutes and regulations of Japan. 
Share Capital 
TFS’s authorised share capital is 4,680,000 shares of common stock with no par value, of which 
1,570,500 shares have been issued and fully paid-up.  All shares are held by the Parent. 
Articles of Incorporation 
Article 2 of the Articles of Incorporation of TFS provides that the purpose of TFS shall be to hold 
the shares of any company engaging in certain specified finance related businesses and any foreign 
company engaging in businesses equivalent thereto and to control and manage the business activities of 
any such company and foreign company as well as to engage in businesses equivalent thereto.

--- Page 185 ---
Page 185 
 
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION (“TMC”) 
Unless otherwise specified in this document, the “Parent” or “TMC” means Toyota Motor Corporation 
and “Toyota” means the Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
General Information 
TMC is a limited liability, joint-stock company incorporated under the Commercial Code of Japan 
and continues to exist under the Companies Act of Japan. Toyota commenced operations in 1933 as the 
automobile division of Toyota Industries Corporation (formerly, Toyoda Automatic Loom Works, Ltd.).  
TMC was incorporated on 28 August 1937.  TMC’s legal entity identifier (“LEI”) is 
5493006W3QUS5LMH6R84.  As of 31 March 2022, Toyota operated through 559 consolidated 
subsidiaries and 169 associates and joint ventures accounted for by the equity method. 
TMC’s principal executive offices are located at 1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 
471-8571, Japan.  TMC’s telephone number in Japan is +81-565-28-2121.  TMC’s website is 
at: https://global.toyota/en/. 
TMC’s common stock is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.  The common stock is also listed 
on the Nagoya Stock Exchange and on the UK Official List and admitted to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange.  In addition, TMC’s shares in the form of American Depositary Shares are listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange.  TMC is not directly or indirectly controlled by any of its shareholders. 
See page 96 of TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus for a description of Toyota’s objects and 
purposes. 
Business Overview 
Principal Activities 
Toyota primarily conducts business in the automotive industry.  Toyota also conducts business in 
the finance and other industries.  Toyota sold 8,230 thousand vehicles in financial year 2022 on a 
consolidated basis.  Toyota had sales revenues of ¥31,379.5 billion and net income attributable to TMC 
of ¥2,874.6 billion in financial year 2022. 
Toyota’s business segments are automotive operations, financial services operations and all other 
operations.  The following table sets forth Toyota’s sales to external customers in each of its business 
segments for each of the past three financial years and has been extracted without material adjustment 
from TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, which is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
 
Yen in millions 
 
Year Ended 31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Automotive ......................................................... 
¥ 26,770,379 
¥ 24,597,846 
¥ 28,531,993 
Financial Services .............................................. 
2,172,854 
2,137,195 
2,306,079 
All Other ............................................................. 
923,314 
479,553 
541,436 
 
 
 
 
Toyota’s automotive operations include the design, manufacture, assembly and sale of passenger 
vehicles, minivans and commercial vehicles such as trucks and related parts and accessories.  Toyota’s 
financial services business consists primarily of providing financing to dealers and their customers for 
the purchase or lease of Toyota vehicles.  Toyota’s financial services business also provides mainly retail 
instalment credit and leasing through the purchase of instalment and lease contracts originated by Toyota 
dealers.  Related to Toyota’s automotive operations, Toyota is working towards having all of its vehicles 
become connected vehicles, creating new value and reforming businesses by utilising big data obtained 
from those connected vehicles and establishing new mobility services.  Toyota’s all other operations 
business segment includes the information technology related businesses, including a web portal for 
automobile information called GAZOO.com. 
Toyota sells its vehicles in approximately 200 countries and regions.  Toyota’s primary markets 
for its automobiles are Japan, North America, Europe and Asia.  The following table sets forth Toyota’s 
sales to external customers in each of its geographical markets for each of the past three financial years 
and has been extracted without material adjustment from TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2022, which is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 186 ---
Page 186 
 
 
Yen in millions 
 
Year Ended 31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Japan .................................................................... 
¥ 9,503,238 
¥ 8,587,193 
¥ 8,214,740 
North America ..................................................... 
 10,419,869 
 9,325,950 
10,897,946 
Europe ................................................................. 
 3,133,227 
 2,968,289 
3,692,214 
Asia ..................................................................... 
 4,785,489 
 4,555,897 
5,778,115 
Other* .................................................................. 
 2,024,724 
 1,777,266 
2,796,493 
* “Other” consists of Central and South America, Oceania, Africa and the Middle East.  
During financial year 2022, 23.4 per cent. of Toyota’s automobile unit sales on a consolidated 
basis were in Japan, 29.1 per cent. were in North America, 12.4 per cent. were in Europe and 18.7 per 
cent. were in Asia.  The remaining 16.4 per cent. of consolidated unit sales were in other markets. 
Vehicle Models and Product Development 
Toyota’s vehicles (produced by Toyota, Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd. (“Daihatsu”) and Hino Motors, 
Ltd. (“Hino”)) can be classified largely into electrified vehicles and conventional engine vehicles.  
Toyota’s product line-up includes subcompact and compact cars, mini-vehicles, mid-size, luxury, sports 
and specialty cars, recreational and sport-utility vehicles, pickup trucks, minivans, trucks and buses.  
Toyota’s luxury cars are sold in North America, Europe, Japan and other regions, primarily under the 
Lexus brand name. 
In financial year 2020, Toyota introduced a new Yaris model developed with the aim of creating 
a car with high-quality ride comfort and the latest safety and security technologies, while taking 
advantage of the nimble handling of a compact car.  In addition, Toyota commenced sales of the Raize, 
which caters to the desires of customers who want to drive an SUV and load their cars with a lot of 
luggage, but also have a car that is compact and easy to drive.  In addition, Toyota launched the new 
Highlander, a mid-size SUV suitable for city driving and multi-passenger use, gradually in overseas 
markets starting with the United States.  In the Lexus brand, Toyota premiered in China the UX 300e, 
which pursues refined, pure, exhilarating performance and excellent quietness of the Lexus EVs, while 
maintaining the distinctive design, high convenience and ease of handling of the Lexus UX compact 
crossover.  Toyota also unveiled the GR Yaris – a sports car and FIA World Rally Championship winner 
at the Tokyo Auto Salon 2020. 
In financial year 2021, despite the suspension of operations at factories and the suspension of 
business at dealers due to the impact of COVID-19, Toyota launched various new models as planned.  
The new Harrier, a SUV for the new era, was designed to appeal to drivers, with a focus on sensory 
quality from the first moment of seeing, riding and driving off in it, rather than relying on utility or 
numerical performance.  The new Mirai featured a design that appeals to the senses, a distinctive driving 
experience, industry-leading innovation, and cruising range that gives peace of mind as its concept, while 
generating zero emissions, and will serve as a new departure point for creating a hydrogen-based society 
of the future.  In the Lexus brand, Toyota launched the UX 300e, which offers the high-quality driving 
performance and the quietness of the Lexus battery electric vehicles (“BEVs”), the high reliability and 
convenience of the electrification technology cultivated in the manufacture of hybrid models, and the 
distinctive design and high functionality of the Lexus UX.  GR Yaris is the first Toyota vehicle developed 
with the reversed concept of turning a motorsports car into a production car.  The car was evaluated by 
Master Driver Morizo (the racing driver name for Akio Toyoda) and non-Toyota professional drivers 
from the early stages of development, and even after it was unveiled at the Tokyo Auto Salon 2020, it 
underwent repeated cycles of evaluation and improvement at the circuit before it was finally launched.  
As a result of Toyota’s efforts to further streamline costs following the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy and 
the ‘ever better cars manufacturing’ initiative, the compact car, Yaris, won the Car of the Year in Europe.  
The award recognised Yaris’s fun-to-drive features and fuel efficiency as a hybrid electric vehicle 
(“HEV”). 
In financial year 2022, Toyota launched the first-ever SUV Corolla model, Corolla Cross.  Since 
the launch of the first-generation in 1966, the Corolla series has continued to evolve and embrace new 
challenges and has sold more than 50 million units worldwide.  The Noah and Voxy, cars purchased by 
many customers, including families among others, were completely redesigned as minivans with the 
further increased ease of use and enhanced advanced fixtures.  In pursuit of a suite of features designed 
to enable customers to drive their vehicles every day with safety, peace of mind, and comfort, while also 
realising superior environmental performance, Toyota launched the HEV Aqua, which is the world’s first 
vehicle to use a high-output bipolar nickel-hydrogen battery as an electric drive battery.  With elevated

--- Page 187 ---
Page 187 
 
levels of driving performance, design, and advanced technology, the all-new NX, which is the first model 
to introduce the next generation of Lexus, accelerates the proliferation of electrified models by being 
Lexus’ first-ever plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (“PHEVs”) also offered as a HEV.  In addition, the new 
Toyota bZ series of BEVs that are easy to use and highly appealing, and the introduction of this series is 
a part of Toyota’s efforts to reduce CO2 emissions.  Toyota launched the bZ4X, the first of the bZ series, 
which offers, in addition to a comfortable cabin, the BEV’s driving experience.  For motorsports cars, 
Toyota developed the GRMN Yaris as ‘embodiments of making ever-better motorsports-bred cars’.  
Toyota will further evolve its concept of ‘making ever-better cars’ to meet customers’ needs in countries 
and regions worldwide. 
Markets, Sales and Competition  
Toyota’s primary markets are Japan, North America, Europe and Asia.  The following table sets 
forth Toyota’s consolidated vehicle unit sales by geographic market for the periods shown.  The vehicle 
unit sales below reflect vehicle sales made by Toyota to unconsolidated entities (recognised as sales 
under Toyota’s revenue recognition policy), including sales to unconsolidated distributors and dealers.  
Vehicles sold by Daihatsu and Hino are included in the vehicle unit sales figures set forth below which 
have been extracted without material adjustment from TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2022, which is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
 
Year Ended 31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Units 
% 
Units 
% 
Units 
% 
Market 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Japan  ............................  
2,239,549 
25.0 
2,125,121 
27.8 
1,924,185 
23.4 
North America ..............  
2,713,165 
30.3 
2,312,799 
30.3 
2,393,912 
29.1 
Europe ...........................  
1,029,249 
11.5 
959,363 
12.5 
1,017,099 
12.4 
Asia ...............................  
1,600,341 
17.9 
1,222,073 
16.0 
1,542,918 
18.7 
Other* ...........................  
1,372,392 
15.3 
1,026,749 
13.4 
1,352,311 
16.4 
Total .................................  
8,954,696 
100.0 
7,646,105 
100.0 
8,230,425 
100.0 
* “Other” consists of Central and South America, Oceania, Africa and the Middle East. 
The following table sets forth Toyota’s vehicle unit sales and market share in Japan, North 
America, Europe and Asia on a retail basis for the periods shown and has been extracted without material 
adjustment from TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, which 
is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  Each market’s total sales and Toyota’s sales represent 
new vehicle registrations in the relevant year (except for the Asia market where vehicle registration does 
not necessarily apply).  All information on Japan excludes mini-vehicles.  The sales information 
contained below excludes unit sales by Daihatsu and Hino, each a consolidated subsidiary of Toyota.  
Vehicle unit sales in Asia do not include sales in China. 
 
(Thousands of Units) 
 
Financial Year Ended 31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Japan: 
 
 
 
Total market sales (excluding mini-
vehicles) ......................................................  
3,185 
2,901 
2,664 
Toyota sales (retail basis, excluding mini-
vehicles) ......................................................  
1,553 
1,505 
1,361 
Toyota market share  ..................................  
48.8% 
51.9% 
51.1% 
 
 
(Thousands of Units) 
 
Calendar Year Ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
North America: 
 
 
 
Total market sales .......................................  
20,379 
17,157 
17,861 
Toyota sales (retail basis) ...........................  
2,757 
2,408 
2,681 
Toyota market share ...................................  
13.5% 
14.0% 
15.0%

--- Page 188 ---
Page 188 
 
 
(Thousands of Units) 
 
Calendar Year Ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Europe: 
 
 
 
Total market sales .......................................  
20,751 
16,638 
16,870 
Toyota sales (retail basis) ...........................  
1,089 
993 
1,076 
Toyota market share ...................................  
5.3% 
6.0% 
6.4% 
Asia (excluding China): 
 
 
 
Total market sales .......................................  
9,726 
8,181 
9,224 
Toyota sales (retail basis) ...........................  
1,347 
969 
1,189 
Toyota market share ...................................  
13.8% 
11.8% 
12.9% 
Japan 
Japan is one of the leading countries with respect to technological advancements and 
improvements in the automotive industry and will continue to demonstrate such strength.  Toyota strives 
to earn customer satisfaction by introducing products distinctive of Japan’s manufacturing ability such 
as value-added products including Lexus models, fuel cell electric vehicles (“FCEVs”), PHEVs and 
HEVs, vehicles with three-seat rows and mini-vehicles.  Toyota’s consolidated vehicle sales in Japan in 
financial year 2022 was 1,924 thousand units, 90.5 per cent. of that of the prior financial year.  Toyota 
endeavours to secure and maintain its significant share of, and position at the top of, the Japanese market.  
Toyota held a domestic market share (excluding mini-vehicles) on a retail basis of 48.8 per cent. in 
financial year 2020, 51.9 per cent. in financial year 2021 and 51.1 per cent. in financial year 2022. 
Although Toyota’s principle is to conduct production in regions where it enjoys true 
competitiveness, it considers Japan to be the source of its good manufacturing practices.  Having 16 
production sites in Japan, Toyota supports its operations worldwide through measures such as the 
development of new technologies and products, low-volume vehicles to complement local production, 
production of global vehicle models which straddle multiple regions and supporting overseas factories. 
North America  
The North American region is one of Toyota’s most significant markets.  In the region, Toyota 
has in recent years reorganised its production structure and made improvements to its product line-up. 
In the North American region, Toyota has a wide product line-up in every segment (excluding 
large trucks and buses).  Toyota sold 2,394 thousand vehicles in the region on a consolidated basis in 
financial year 2022, representing approximately 29 per cent. of Toyota’s total unit sales on a consolidated 
basis.  The United States, in particular, is the largest market in the North American region, accounting 
for 87 per cent. of the retail sales in the region.  Sales figures for financial year 2022 were 103.5 per cent. 
of that of the prior financial year. 
Toyota’s North American production capacities include the production of vehicle models such as 
the RAV4, Camry, Tacoma and Highlander through 13 manufacturing entities. 
In November 2021, Toyota created Toyota Battery Manufacturing, North Carolina (“TBMNC”) 
as the first plant to produce automotive batteries for Toyota in North America.  When it comes online in 
2025, it is expected that TBMNC will have four production lines, each capable of delivering enough 
lithium-ion batteries for 200,000 vehicles — with the intention to expand to at least six production lines 
for a combined total of up to 1.2 million vehicles per year. 
Toyota has five research and development centres in North America.  As for vehicle development, 
the Toyota Technical Centre spearheads the design, planning, and evaluation of vehicles and parts as to 
their ability to meet customer needs. 
Europe 
Toyota’s principal European markets are Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain and 
Russia.  In the European markets, as a full line-up car manufacturer, Toyota aims to increase its global 
vehicle sales with a focus on electrified vehicles (HEVs, PHEVs, FCEVs and BEVs) that suit the needs 
of customers and the circumstances of each region.  Toyota sold 1,017 thousand vehicles on a 
consolidated basis in the region in financial year 2022, 106.0 per cent. of that of the prior financial year. 
In terms of production, to strengthen its business setup so that it is less likely to be affected by 
exchange rates, Toyota produces models such as the Corolla, Yaris and C-HR locally through seven

--- Page 189 ---
Page 189 
 
entities in Europe.  In addition, Toyota is actively promoting production and sales measures that meet 
local demand by strengthening its value chain including used car dealerships, after-sales services and 
finance and insurance services. 
Asia 
Toyota’s principal Asian markets, in addition to Japan, are Thailand, India, Indonesia and Taiwan.  
Toyota sold 1,543 thousand vehicles on a consolidated basis in the region in financial year 2022 
(including China), 126.3 per cent. of that of the prior financial year. 
In light of the importance of the Asian market that is further expected to grow in the long term, 
Toyota aims to build an operational framework that is efficient and self-reliant, as well as a predominant 
position, in the automotive market in Asia.  Toyota has responded to increasing competition in Asia by 
making strategic investments in the market and developing relationships with local suppliers.  Toyota 
believes that its existing local presence in the market provides it with an advantage over new entrants to 
the market and expects to be able to promptly respond to demand for vehicles in the region. 
In terms of production, Toyota manufactures models such as the Hilux, Hiace, Corolla, Camry 
and Vios through 16 entities.  Toyota’s plants in Thailand, not only meet domestic demand but also serve 
as a production base for locations inside and outside of the ASEAN region. 
China 
Toyota has been conducting operations in China in large part through joint ventures, and its 
success in producing products that meet local demands and in establishing its sales and service network 
has significantly contributed to Toyota’s profits.  Based on the firm business foundation that it has 
established, Toyota is conducting its operations with the aim of promoting further growth and increasing 
profitability through further development of its sales and service network and expansion of its product 
line-up. 
In terms of production, Toyota has been conducting a significant portion of its China business, 
including in relation to the production and sales of vehicles, through joint ventures.  Toyota has two 
major joint venture partners in China, namely, China FAW Group Corporation and Guangzhou 
Automobile Group Co., Ltd.  The joint venture with China FAW Group manufactures models such as 
the Corolla, Vios and RAV4, and the joint venture with Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. 
manufactures models such as the Camry, Yaris and Highlander.  
Total vehicle sales in the Chinese market were 25.17 million vehicles in 2021, approximately the 
same as the 25.21 million vehicles in 2020. In this market, Toyota’s sales in 2021 were 1.94 million 
vehicles, 107.8 per cent. of that of the prior financial year.  In the domestically produced passenger 
vehicle market in mainland China (20.78 million vehicles), Toyota had a market share of 9.3 per cent. 
Toyota has been expanding the distribution network for locally produced vehicles in co-operation with 
China FAW Group and Guangzhou Automobile Group under the names Tianjin FAW Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. and Guanqi Toyota Motor Co., Ltd., respectively, and for imported vehicles, Toyota has also been 
expanding primarily the Lexus brand sales network.  Toyota plans to further increase sales by expanding 
the number of dealers and its product line-up.  In addition, as the market in China develops and becomes 
more sophisticated, Toyota plans to promote so-called ‘Value Chain’ businesses, such as used car sales, 
services, financing and insurance, so as to contribute to the development of a mobility society. 
South and Central America, Oceania, Africa and the Middle East 
Toyota’s principal markets in South and Central America, Oceania, Africa and the Middle East 
(collectively, the “Four Regions”) are Brazil and Argentina in South and Central America, Australia in 
Oceania, South Africa in Africa and Saudi Arabia in the Middle East. 
Toyota’s consolidated vehicle sales in the Four Regions in financial year 2022 were 1,352 
thousand units, 131.7 per cent. of that of the prior financial year.  The core models in the Four Regions 
are global models such as the Corolla, IMV (the Hilux) and Camry. 
Toyota has seven production bases in the Four Regions.  In these regions, which are expected to 
become increasingly important to Toyota’s business strategy, Toyota aims to continue developing new 
products which meet the specific demands of each region, increasing production and promoting sales. 
Financial Services  
Toyota’s financial services include loan programmes and leasing programmes for customers and 
dealers.  Toyota believes that its ability to provide financing to its customers is an important value-added

--- Page 190 ---
Page 190 
 
service.  In July 2000, Toyota established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Toyota Financial Services 
Corporation, to oversee the management of Toyota’s finance companies worldwide, through which 
Toyota aims to strengthen the overall competitiveness of its financial business, improve risk management 
and streamline decision-making processes.  Toyota has expanded its network of financial services, in 
accordance with its strategy of developing auto-related financing businesses in significant markets.  
Accordingly, Toyota currently operates financial services companies in 42 countries and regions, which 
support its automotive operations globally. 
Toyota’s sales from its financial services operations were ¥2,324.0 billion in financial year 2022, 
¥2,162.2 billion in financial year 2021 and ¥2,193.1 billion in financial year 2020.  While there were 
negative factors in financial year 2022, such as tight global semiconductor supply relative to demand, 
supply constraints on new cars due to the impact of COVID-19, and increased competition with other 
financial institutions, Toyota’s business saw steady growth mainly due to the accumulated balance of 
earning assets resulting from enhanced used-vehicle financing, higher used-vehicle prices in the United 
States and other regions, lower interest rates worldwide and other measures.  Under such circumstances, 
as a result of Toyota’s continued collaboration with dealers in various countries and regions and efforts 
to expand products and services that meet customer needs, Toyota’s share of financing provided for new 
car sales of Toyota and Lexus vehicles in regions where TFS operates remained at a high level of 
approximately 30 per cent. and the balance of earning assets, continued to steadily increase, with the 
exception of some countries.  In addition, Toyota is making efforts to provide both its customers and 
dealers with stable financial services, by diversifying its funding methods in recent years, such as issuing 
green bonds in addition to using already existing means as commercial paper, corporate bonds, bank 
borrowings, ABCP (Asset Backed Commercial Paper) and ABS (Asset Backed Securities).  Furthermore, 
Toyota continued to perform detailed credit appraisals and serve customers by monitoring bad debt and 
loan payment extensions, and the percentage of credit losses remained low, at 0.23 per cent. and 0.17 per 
cent. in financial year 2021 and 2022, respectively.  Toyota continues to work towards improving its risk 
management measures in connection with credit and residual value risks. 
Toyota Motor Credit Corporation is Toyota’s principal financial services subsidiary in the United 
States.  Toyota also provides financial services in 41 other countries and regions through various financial 
services subsidiaries, including: 
Toyota Finance Corporation in Japan; 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc. in Canada; 
Toyota Finance Australia Limited in Australia; 
Toyota Kreditbank GmbH in Germany; 
Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC in the United Kingdom; 
Toyota Leasing (Thailand) Co., Ltd. in Thailand; and 
Toyota Motor Finance (China) Company Limited in China. 
The following table provides information for Toyota’s finance receivables and operating leases as 
of 31 March 2021 and 2022 and has been extracted without material adjustment from TMC’s Annual 
Report on Form 20 F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, which is incorporated into this 
Prospectus by reference: 
 
Yen in millions 
 
31 March 
 
2021  
2022  
Finance Receivables 
 
 
Retail .........................................................................................  
15,048,433  
17,647,440  
Finance leases ............................................................................  
2,031,280  
2,347,941  
Wholesale and other dealer loans ..............................................  
3,185,484  
2,904,216  
Total  ..................................................................................  
20,265,197  
22,899,597

--- Page 191 ---
Page 191 
 
 
Yen in millions 
 
31 March 
 
2021  
2022  
Deferred origination costs .........................................................  
270,406  
328,792  
Less - Unearned income ............................................................  
(1,068,587) 
(1,172,007) 
Less - Allowance for credit losses 
  
  
Retail ..................................................................................  
(198,204) 
(230,104) 
Finance leases ....................................................................  
(33,455) 
(36,985) 
Wholesale and other dealer loans .......................................  
(29,642) 
(24,836) 
Total finance receivables, net ....................................................  
19,205,715  
21,764,457  
Current assets ............................................................................  
6,756,189  
7,181,327  
Non-current assets .....................................................................  
12,449,525  
14,583,130  
Total finance receivables, net ....................................................  
19,205,715  
21,764,457  
Operating Leases 
 
 
Vehicles .....................................................................................  
6,190,558  
6,766,590  
Equipment .................................................................................  
13,164  
14,639  
 
6,203,721  
6,781,229  
Less – Accumulated depreciation ..............................................  
(1,366,916) 
(1,503,668) 
Vehicles and equipment on operating leases, net ...............  
4,836,805  
5,277,561  
All Other Operations 
In addition to its automotive operations and financial services operations, Toyota is involved in a 
number of other non-automotive business activities.  Sales revenues for these activities totalled ¥1,129.8 
billion in financial year 2022, ¥1,052.3 billion in financial year 2021 and ¥ 1,504.9 billion in financial 
year 2020. 
Other than as described in Item 5 “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Liquidity and 
Capital Resources” in TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, 
there have been no material changes in TMC’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 March 2022.  
TMC anticipates financing its activities through a variety of funding sources.  Refer to Item 5 “Operating 
and Financial Review and Prospects – Liquidity and Capital Resources” in TMC’s Annual Report on 
Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022. 
Directors and Senior Management  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the following persons comprise TMC’s Board of Directors and 
members of TMC’s Audit and Supervisory Board: 
Name 
Position  
Takeshi Uchiyamada 
Chairman of the Board  
Shigeru Hayakawa 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
Akio Toyoda 
President, Member of the Board  
James Kuffner 
Member of the Board, Operating Officer 
Kenta Kon 
Member of the Board, Operating Officer 
Masahiko Maeda 
Member of the Board, Operating Officer 
Ikuro Sugawara 
Outside Member of the Board 
Sir Philip Craven 
Outside Member of the Board 
Teiko Kudo  
Outside Member of the Board 
Haruhiko Kato 
Full time Audit and Supervisory Board Member 
Masahide Yasuda 
Full time Audit and Supervisory Board Member 
Katsuyuki Ogura 
Full time Audit and Supervisory Board Member 
Yoko Wake 
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member 
Hiroshi Ozu 
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member 
George Olcott 
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member

--- Page 192 ---
Page 192 
 
The business address of each of the Directors, executive and senior management and Corporate 
Auditors of TMC is 1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 471-8571, Japan.  See page 78 of 
TMC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, which is incorporated 
by reference to this Prospectus for further details on TMC’s Directors and Corporate Auditors. 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to TMC of any of the Directors of TMC 
and their private interests or other duties. 
TMC does not have an audit committee although it maintains an audit and supervisory board 
system, in accordance with the Companies Act of Japan.  Toyota’s audit and supervisory board is 
comprised of six audit and supervisory board members, three of whom are independent audit and 
supervisory board members.  The audit and supervisory board members have a duty to examine the 
financial statements and business reports which are submitted by the Board of Directors to TMC’s 
general shareholders’ meeting.  The audit and supervisory board members also monitor the 
administration of TMC’s affairs by the Board of Directors of TMC. 
Corporate Governance 
TMC is in compliance with the applicable corporate governance statutes and regulations in Japan. 
Share Capital 
Each share of common stock of TMC was split into five shares, which became effective on 1 
October 2021, and in conjunction with the stock split, the number of authorised shares was increased 
accordingly. As a result, as of 31 March 2022, TMC’s authorised share capital was 50,000,000,000 
common stock shares of no par value, of which 16,314,987,460 shares had been issued and are fully paid 
up. 
Legal Proceedings 
Toyota and other automakers were named in certain class actions filed in Mexico, Canada, 
Australia, Israel and Brazil relating to Takata airbag issues.  The actions in Mexico, Israel and Brazil are 
being litigated.  The action in Australia is in the process of resolution.  The action in Canada has been 
settled. 
Toyota is named as a defendant in an economic loss class action lawsuit in Australia in which 
damages are claimed on the basis that diesel particulate filters in certain vehicle models are defective.  
On 7 April 2022, Toyota received an unfavourable judgment in the court of first instance.  The judgment 
included a finding that there was a perceived reduction in vehicle value of certain vehicle models.  Toyota 
disagrees with the judgment and has filed an appeal.  Other claims of economic loss in this class action 
lawsuit continue to be litigated at the court of first instance.  In estimating the provision Toyota should 
record in the consolidated financial statements as a result of the aforementioned judgment, Toyota has 
considered various factors including the legal and factual circumstances of the case, the contents of the 
judgement of the court of first instance, and the views of legal counsel.  The currently estimated probable 
economic outflow related to the class action is immaterial to Toyota’s consolidated financial position, 
results of operations and cash flows.  At this stage, however, the final outcome and therefore ultimate 
financial liability for Toyota on account of this matter cannot be predicted with certainty. 
Toyota entered into a consent decree on 14 January 2021 with the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency, the Department of Justice and the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern 
District of New York to resolve investigations stemming from a self-reported process gap in fulfilling 
certain emissions defect information reporting requirements.  Under the consent decree, Toyota agreed 
to pay, and has paid, a $180 million civil penalty and to comply with certain additional periodic reporting 
requirements.  The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York approved the consent decree 
on 2 April 2021. 
In April 2020, Toyota reported possible anti-bribery violations related to a Thai subsidiary to the 
SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice and is co-operating with their investigations.  Investigations by 
governmental authorities related to these matters could result in the imposition of civil or criminal 
penalties, fines or other sanctions, or litigation.  Toyota cannot predict the scope, duration or outcome of 
these matters at this time. 
On 4 March 2022, Hino Motors, Ltd., a publicly traded Japanese company that produces and sells 
commercial trucks and buses, and of which Toyota owns 50.18 per cent. of the voting interests as of 31 
March 2022, disclosed that it had voluntarily commenced an investigation into potential issues regarding 
emissions performance and certification in the North American and Japanese markets, and that it has

--- Page 193 ---
Page 193 
 
reported such issues to and is co-operating with the relevant authorities, including the Japanese Ministry 
of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (“MLIT”) and the U.S. Department of Justice.  Hino 
announced that, through such investigation, it identified past misconduct in relation to its applications 
for certification concerning the emissions and the fuel economy performance of certain of its engines for 
the Japanese market.  Accordingly, Hino disclosed that it decided to suspend the sale of such engine 
models and their corresponding vehicles in Japan and announced on 25 March 2022 a recall of vehicles 
equipped with one of the engines.  On 29 March 2022, MLIT announced that it had revoked certain of 
the ‘type approvals’ (that is, approvals that exempt new vehicles or vehicles with certain equipment from 
individual testing by government inspectors prior to sale) and the fuel consumption ratings relating to 
such engine models.  On 2 August 2022 and 22 August 2022, Hino announced additional misconduct 
had been found by Hino’s Special Investigation Committee and MLIT’s on-sight inspection, and Hino 
decided to suspend the sale of engine models and their corresponding vehicles in relation to which the 
misconduct was made.  Investigations by governmental authorities related to these matters could result 
in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, fines or other sanctions, or litigation.  Toyota cannot 
predict the scope, duration, or outcome of these matters at this time. 
Toyota also has various other pending legal actions and claims including, without limitation, 
personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits and claims in the United States, as well as intellectual 
property litigation, and is subject to government investigations from time to time. 
Beyond the amounts accrued with respect to all aforementioned matters, Toyota is unable to 
estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, if any, for the pending legal matters because (i) many of the 
proceedings are in evidence gathering stages, (ii) significant factual issues need to be resolved, (iii) the 
legal theory or nature of the claims is unclear, (iv) the outcome of future motions or appeals is unknown 
and/or (v) the outcomes of other matters of these types vary widely and do not appear sufficiently similar 
to offer meaningful guidance.  Therefore, for all of the aforementioned matters, which Toyota is in 
discussions to resolve, any losses that are beyond the amounts accrued could have an adverse effect on 
Toyota’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

--- Page 194 ---
Page 194 
 
TAXATION 
The Netherlands  
This is a general summary and the tax consequences as described here may not apply to a holder 
of Notes.  Any potential investor should consult his own tax adviser for more information about the tax 
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in his particular circumstances.  
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the 
acquisition, the ownership and disposition of Notes issued by TMF after the date hereof held by a holder 
of Notes who is not a resident of the Netherlands.  It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may 
be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special 
treatment under applicable law.  Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer 
to concepts of the Netherlands, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the 
meaning to be attributed to the equivalent concepts of the Netherlands under tax laws of the Netherlands. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands as they are in force and in effect on the 
date of this Prospectus.  The laws upon which this summary is based are subject to change, potentially 
with retroactive effect.  A change to such laws may invalidate the contents of this summary, which will 
not be updated to reflect any such change.  This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to 
Notes is at arm’s length. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is 
considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to TMF within the meaning of the Netherlands Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  Generally, a holder of Notes is considered to be affiliated to TMF 
for these purposes if (i) it has a qualifying interest in TMF, (ii) TMF has a qualifying interest in such 
party, or (iii) a third party has a qualifying interest in both TMF and such party.  For these purposes, a 
party is equated with any collaborating group of parties of which it forms part.  A qualifying interest is 
an interest that allows the holder to have a decisive influence over the other party’s decisions, in such a 
way that it is able to determine the activities of the other party.  A party is in any case considered to have 
a qualifying interest in another party if it (directly or indirectly) owns more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights in such other party. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments under Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to any Netherlands taxes on income or capital gains in respect 
of Notes, including such tax on any payment under Notes or in respect of any gain realised on the 
disposal, deemed disposal or exchange of Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands, 
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius or Saba; 
(ii) 
such holder does not have an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole 
or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative 
in the Netherlands, Bonaire, Saint Eustatius or Saba, and to which enterprise or part of 
an enterprise, as the case may be, Notes are attributable; 
(iii) 
if such holder is an individual, neither such holder nor any of his spouse, his partner, a 
person deemed to be his partner, or other persons sharing such person’s house or 
household, or certain other of such persons’ relatives (including foster children), 
whether directly and/or indirectly as (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator (the 
“Settlor”), or upon the death of the Settlor, his/her beneficiaries (the “Beneficiaries”) 
in proportion to their entitlement to the estate of the Settlor of a trust, foundation or 
similar arrangement (the “Separated Private Assets”), (a) indirectly has control of the 
proceeds of Notes in the Netherlands, nor (b) has a substantial interest in TMF and/or 
any other entity that legally or de facto, directly or indirectly, has control of the 
proceeds of Notes in the Netherlands.  For purposes of this clause (iii), a substantial 
interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, alone or together with his 
spouse, his partner, a person deemed to be his partner, or other persons sharing such 
person’s house or household, or certain other of such person’s relatives (including

--- Page 195 ---
Page 195 
 
foster children), whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other 
rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to acquire (whether or not already issued), 
shares representing five per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital 
(or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a company; (b) the 
ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit participating 
certificates (“winstbewijzen”), or membership rights in a co-operative association, that 
relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of a company or co-operative 
association or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company or co-
operative association; or (c) membership rights representing five per cent. or more of 
the voting rights in a co-operative association’s general meeting;  
(iv) 
if such holder is a company, such holder does not have a substantial interest in TMF 
or if such holder does have such a substantial interest, such substantial interest (a) is 
not held with the avoidance of Netherlands income tax as (one of) the main purpose(s); 
or (b) does not form part of an artificial structure or series of structures (such as 
structures which are not put into place for valid business reasons reflecting economic 
reality).  For purpose of this clause (iv), a substantial interest is generally not present 
if a holder does not hold, whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain 
other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to acquire (whether or not already issued) 
shares representing five per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital 
(or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a company; or (b) 
the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit participating 
certificates (“winstbewijzen”) that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit 
of a company or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company; 
and 
(v) 
if such holder is an individual, such income or capital gain does not form a “benefit 
from miscellaneous activities” in the Netherlands (“resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden”) which, for instance, would be the case if the activities in the 
Netherlands with respect to Notes exceed “normal active asset management” 
(“normaal, actief vermogensbeheer”). 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to taxation in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution, 
delivery and/or enforcement of the documents relating to an issue of Notes or the performance by TMF 
of its obligations thereunder or under the Notes. 
Gift, Estate and Inheritance Taxes  
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to an acquisition of 
Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be 
resident in the Netherlands for Netherlands gift, estate or inheritance tax purposes, unless in the case of 
a gift of Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor deemed to be resident 
in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the gift, while being resident or 
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands. 
For gift, estate and inheritance tax purposes, (i) a gift by a third party such as a trustee, foundation 
or similar entity or arrangement, will be construed as a gift by the Settlor, and (ii) upon the death of the 
Settlor, as a rule, his/her Beneficiaries, will be deemed to have inherited directly from the Settlor.  
Subsequently, the Beneficiaries will be deemed the Settlor of the Separated Private Assets for purposes 
of the Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance tax in case of subsequent gifts or inheritances. 
Turnover Tax 
No Netherlands turnover tax will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue of 
Notes, with respect to any cash settlements of Notes or with respect to the delivery of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties  
No Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, custom duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other 
similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be payable in the Netherlands in respect of 
or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including the 
enforcement of any foreign judgment in the Courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating to the 
issue of Notes or the performance by TMF of its obligations thereunder or under the Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
Page 196 
 
Canada 
The following summary describes the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations 
generally applicable at the date hereof to a holder who acquires beneficial ownership of Notes issued by 
TCCI under the Programme (“TCCI Notes”) and who, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) 
(“Act”), and at all relevant times: (a) is not, and is not deemed to be, resident in Canada; (b) deals at 
arm’s length with TCCI and any transferee resident (or deemed to be resident) in Canada to whom such 
holder disposes of TCCI Notes; (c) is entitled to receive all payments (including any interest and 
principal) made on the TCCI Notes as beneficial owner; (d) is not, and deals at arm’s length with each 
person who is, a “specified shareholder” of TCCI for the purposes of the thin capitalisation rules in the 
Act; and (e) does not use or hold and is not deemed to use or hold the TCCI Notes in, or in the course of, 
carrying on a business in Canada (“Non-resident Holder”).  Special rules which apply to non-resident 
insurers carrying on business in Canada and elsewhere are not discussed in this summary. 
This summary is of a general nature only and is not intended to be, nor should it be 
interpreted as, legal or tax advice to any particular Non-resident Holder.  Prospective holders of 
TCCI Notes should consult their own tax advisers.  
This summary reflects the opinion of Canadian legal advisers to TCCI and is based upon: (a) the 
provisions of the Act in force on the date hereof, the regulations thereunder (“Regulations”); (b) proposed 
amendments to the Act and the Regulations in the form publicly announced prior to the date hereof by 
or on behalf of the Minister of Finance for Canada (“Tax Proposals”), and (c) the current published 
administrative practices and assessing policies of the Canada Revenue Agency.  This summary assumes 
that the Tax Proposals will be enacted in their current form but no assurance can be given that this will 
be the case.  This summary is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations 
and, except for the Tax Proposals, does not take into account or anticipate any changes in law or in the 
administrative or assessing practices of the Canada Revenue Agency, whether by legislative, 
governmental or judicial action, nor does it take into account provincial, territorial or foreign income tax 
considerations.  No assurances can be given that changes in law, administrative practices or future court 
decisions will not affect the Canadian federal income tax treatment of a Non-resident Holder. This 
summary also assumes that no amount paid or payable in respect of the TCCI Notes will be the deduction 
component of a “hybrid mismatch arrangement” under which the payment arises within the meaning of 
certain Tax Proposals released on 29 April 2022. 
Interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited on a TCCI Note by TCCI to a Non-
resident Holder will not be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax unless such interest is 
“participating debt interest” for the purposes of the Act.  In general terms, interest will not be 
participating debt interest for the purposes of the Act provided that no portion of such interest is 
contingent or dependent upon the use of or production from property in Canada or is computed by 
reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity price or any other similar criterion or by reference to 
dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class or series of shares of the capital stock of a 
corporation.   
In the event that a TCCI Note is redeemed, cancelled, repurchased or purchased by TCCI or any 
other person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada from a Non-resident Holder or is otherwise 
assigned or transferred by a Non-resident Holder to a person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada 
for an amount which exceeds, generally, the issue price thereof, the excess may, in certain circumstances, 
be deemed to be interest and may, together with any interest that has accrued or is deemed to have accrued 
on the TCCI Note to that time, be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax if all or any part of 
such interest is participating debt interest.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, such excess will 
generally not be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax if the TCCI Note was issued for an 
amount not less than 97 per cent. of its principal amount (as defined in the Act), and the yield from which, 
expressed in terms of an annual rate (determined in accordance with the Act) on the amount for which 
the TCCI Note was issued does not exceed four-thirds of the interest stipulated to be payable on the TCCI 
Note, expressed in terms of an annual rate on the outstanding principal amount from time to time. 
If applicable, the normal rate of Canadian non-resident withholding tax is 25 per cent but such 
rate may be reduced under the terms of an applicable income tax treaty. 
Generally, there are no other Canadian federal income taxes (including taxes on capital gains) that 
would be payable by a Non-resident Holder as a result of acquiring, holding or disposing of a TCCI Note.

--- Page 197 ---
Page 197 
 
Australia  
Introduction 
The following is a summary of the Australian withholding tax treatment under the Income Tax 
Assessment Acts of 1936 and 1997 of Australia (together, “Australian Tax Act”), the Taxation 
Administration Act 1953 of Australia and any relevant rulings, judicial decisions or administrative 
practice, at the date of this Prospectus, of payments of interest (as defined in the Australian Tax Act) on 
the Notes to be issued by TFA under the Programme and certain other Australian tax matters.  In this 
summary, references to “Notes” are limited to Notes issued by TFA and the summary does not apply to 
Notes issued by any other Issuers. 
This summary applies to holders of Notes that are: 
• 
residents of Australia for tax purposes that do not acquire their Notes in carrying on a 
business at or through a permanent establishment outside of Australia, and non-residents of 
Australia for tax purposes that acquire their Notes in carrying on a business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia (“Australian Holders”); and 
• 
non-residents of Australia for tax purposes that do not acquire their Notes in carrying on a 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, and Australian tax residents 
that acquire their Notes in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment 
outside of Australia (“Non-Australian Holders”). 
The summary is not exhaustive and, in particular, does not deal with the position of certain classes 
of holders of the Notes (including, without limitation, dealers in securities, custodians or other third 
parties who hold Notes on behalf of any person).  In addition, unless expressly stated, the summary does 
not consider the Australian tax consequences for persons who hold interests in the Notes through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or another clearing system. 
Prospective holders of the Notes should also be aware that particular terms of issue of any Series 
of Notes may affect the tax treatment of that Series of Notes.  Information regarding taxes in respect of 
Notes may also be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
This summary is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, legal or tax advice to any 
particular holder of the Note.  Each holder should seek professional tax advice in relation to their 
particular circumstances. 
Australian interest withholding tax 
The Australian Tax Act characterises securities as either “debt interests” (for all entities) or “equity 
interests” (for companies) including for the purposes of Australian interest withholding tax (“Australian 
IWT”) and dividend withholding tax.  TFA intends to issue Notes which are to be characterised as “debt 
interests” for the purposes of the tests contained in Division 974 of the Australian Tax Act and the returns 
paid on the Notes are to be “interest” for the purpose of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act. If Notes 
are issued which are not so characterised, further information on the material Australian tax consequences 
of payments of interest and certain other amounts on those Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Prospectus). 
For Australian IWT purposes, “interest” is defined to include amounts in the nature of, or in 
substitution for, interest and certain other amounts. 
Australian Holders 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes to Australian Holders will not be subject to Australian 
IWT. 
Non-Australian Holders 
Australian IWT is payable at a rate of 10 per cent. of the gross amount of interest paid by TFA to 
a Non-Australian Holder, unless an exemption is available. 
(a) 
Section 128F exemption from Australian IWT 
An exemption from Australian IWT is available in respect of interest paid on the Notes if the 
requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act are satisfied.

--- Page 198 ---
Page 198 
 
Unless otherwise specified in any applicable Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this 
Prospectus), TFA intends to issue the Notes in a manner which will satisfy the requirements of section 
128F of the Australian Tax Act. 
In broad terms, the requirements are as follows: 
(i) 
TFA is a resident of Australia and a company (as defined in section 128F(9) of the Australian Tax 
Act) when it issues the Notes and when interest is paid; and 
(ii) 
the Notes are issued in a manner which satisfies the “public offer test” in section 128F of the 
Australian Tax Act.  
In relation to the Notes, there are five principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, the 
purpose of which is to ensure that lenders in capital markets are aware that TFA is offering the Notes for 
issue.  In summary, the five methods are: 
• 
offers to 10 or more unrelated persons carrying on a business of providing finance, or 
investing or dealing in securities, in the course of operating in financial markets; 
• 
offers to 100 or more investors of a certain type; 
• 
offers of listed Notes; 
• 
offers via publicly available information sources; or 
• 
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell the Notes within 30 days by one 
of the preceding methods; 
(iii) 
TFA does not know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, at the time of issue, that the Notes (or 
interests in the Notes) were being, or would later be, acquired, directly or indirectly, by an 
“associate” of TFA, except as permitted by section 128F(5) of the Australian Tax Act (see below); 
and 
(iv) 
at the time of the payment of interest, TFA does not know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, 
that the payee is an “associate” of TFA, except as permitted by section 128F(6) of the Australian 
Tax Act (see below). 
An “associate” of TFA for the purposes of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act includes: 
(A) a person or entity which holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of, or otherwise 
controls, TFA; 
(B) an entity in which more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares are held by, or which is 
otherwise controlled by, TFA; 
(C) a trustee of a trust where TFA is capable of benefiting (whether directly or indirectly) under 
that trust; and 
(D) a person or entity who is an “associate” of another person or entity which is an “associate” 
of TFA under paragraph (A) above. 
However, for the purposes of sections 128F(5) and 128F(6) of the Australian Tax Act (see 
paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above), a permitted “associate” of TFA includes:  
• 
an Australian Holder; or 
• 
a Non-Australian Holder that is acting in the capacity of: 
(A) 
in the case of section 128F(5), a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of 
the relevant Notes, or a clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a 
registered scheme (for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act); or 
(B) 
in the case of section 128F(6), a clearing house, paying agent, custodian, funds manager or 
responsible entity of a registered scheme (for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act). 
ACCORDINGLY, NOTES ISSUED BY TFA MUST NOT BE PURCHASED BY OFFSHORE 
ASSOCIATES OF TFA OTHER THAN THOSE ACTING IN THE PERMITTED CAPACITIES 
DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 199 ---
Page 199 
 
(b) 
Exemptions under certain double tax conventions 
The Australian government has signed double tax conventions (“Specified Tax Treaties”) with 
particular countries (each a “Specified Country”) that contain certain exemptions from Australian IWT.  
The Specified Tax Treaties apply to interest derived by a resident of a Specified Country. 
Broadly, the Specified Tax Treaties effectively prevent Australian IWT applying to interest 
derived by: 
• 
governments of the Specified Countries and certain governmental authorities and agencies in 
a Specified Country; and 
• 
a “financial institution” resident in a Specified Country which is unrelated to and dealing 
wholly independently with TFA.  The term “financial institution” refers to either a bank or 
any other enterprise which substantially derives its profits by carrying on a business of raising 
and providing finance.  However, interest paid under a back to back loan or an economically 
equivalent arrangement will not qualify for this exemption. 
(c) 
Notes in bearer form 
Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax, currently at the rate of 
45 per cent., on the payment of interest on debentures (such as the Notes) in bearer form if the issuer fails 
to disclose the names and addresses of the holders of the debentures to the Australian Taxation Office 
(“ATO”). 
Section 126 does not, however, apply to the payment of interest on Notes in bearer form held by 
non-residents of Australia who do not carry on business at or through a permanent establishment in 
Australia where the issue of those Notes has satisfied the requirements of section 128F of the Australian 
Tax Act or Australian IWT is payable. 
In addition, the ATO has confirmed that for the purposes of section 126, the holder of debentures 
in bearer form is the person in possession of the debentures.  Section 126 is, therefore, limited in its 
application to persons in possession of Notes in bearer form who are residents of Australia or non-
residents of Australia who are engaged in carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment 
in Australia.  Where interests in Notes in bearer form are held through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another clearing system, TFA intends to treat the relevant operator of the clearing system 
(or its nominee) as the bearer of the Notes for the purposes of section 126. 
(d) 
Payment of additional amounts 
As set out in more detail in Condition 7 under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, and unless 
otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this 
Prospectus), if TFA is at any time required by law to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Commonwealth of Australia or any territory or other political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having the power to tax in respect of the Notes, TFA must, subject to certain exceptions, pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order to ensure that the net amounts receivable by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such deduction or withholding are equal to the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been received had no such deduction or withholding been 
required.  If TFA is required, by change in law, to pay an additional amount in respect of the Notes, TFA 
will have the option to redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with Condition 6(b) 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Other tax matters 
Under Australian laws as presently in effect: 
• 
death duties – no Notes will be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by 
Australia, or by any political subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, if held at 
the time of death; 
• 
stamp duty and other taxes – no ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are 
payable in Australia on the issue, transfer or redemption of any Notes; 
• 
additional withholdings from certain payments to non-residents – the Governor-General may 
make regulations requiring withholding from certain payments to non-residents of Australia 
(other than payments of interest and other amounts which are already subject to the current

--- Page 200 ---
Page 200 
 
Australian IWT rules or specifically exempt from those rules).  Regulations may only be 
made if the responsible Minister is satisfied the specified payments are of a kind that could 
reasonably relate to assessable income of foreign residents.  The possible application of any 
future regulations to the proceeds of any sale of the Notes will need to be monitored; 
• 
garnishee directions by the Commissioner of Taxation – the Commissioner of Taxation may 
give a direction requiring TFA to deduct from any payment to a holder of the Notes any 
amount in respect of Australian tax payable by the holder.  If TFA is served with such a 
direction, then TFA will comply with that direction and make any deduction required by that 
direction;  
• 
supply withholding tax – payments in respect of the Notes can be made free and clear of any 
“supply withholding tax” imposed under section 12-190 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation 
Administration Act 1953 of Australia; and 
• 
goods and services tax (“GST”) – neither the issue nor receipt of the Notes will give rise to a 
liability for GST in Australia on the basis that the supply of Notes will comprise either an 
input taxed financial supply or (in the case of an offshore subscriber that is a non-resident of 
Australia) a GST-free supply.  Furthermore, neither the payment of principal or interest by 
TFA, nor the disposal of the Notes, would give rise to any GST liability in Australia.  
United States 
The following is a summary based on present law of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
for prospective purchasers of the Notes.  It addresses only Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below).  The 
discussion is a general summary.  It is not a substitute for tax advice.  The discussion below assumes that 
the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that the global Notes will be 
offered, sold and delivered in compliance with and payments on the Notes will be made in accordance 
with certain required procedures described above under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”.  Finally, it does not describe any tax consequences arising out of the laws of any state, 
local or foreign jurisdiction. 
This summary does not address all tax considerations for a beneficial owner of the Notes and does 
not address the tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder in special circumstances.  For example, this 
summary does not address a Non-U.S. Holder subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis.  
It addresses only purchasers that buy in the original offering at the original offering price and hold Notes 
as capital assets.  It does not include a discussion of Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes 
whose rate is based on a conventional interest rate or composite of interest rates. 
For purposes of this discussion, a “Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note and a “Non-U.S. 
Holder” is any Holder that is not for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) a citizen or resident of the 
United States, (ii) a corporation or other entity treated as a corporation organised in or under the laws of 
the United States or its political subdivisions, (iii) a partnership or other entity or arrangement treated as 
a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iv) a trust subject to the control of a U.S. person and 
the primary supervision of a U.S. court, (v) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation regardless of its source or (vi) engaged in a trade or business within the United States to 
which income from a Note is effectively connected. 
U.S. Taxation of the Notes 
Except as described below, payments of interest and principal by TMCC to a Non-U.S. Holder 
and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, on a Note (other than on a Note with a maturity of 183 days 
or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), which will generally not be subject 
to U.S. withholding tax) will not be subject to U.S. withholding or other gross basis taxation, provided 
that: 
(i) 
interest paid on the Note is not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a 
trade or business within the United States; 
(ii) 
the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of TMCC’s voting stock; 
(iii) 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a controlled foreign corporation as defined in Section 957 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) related to TMCC through stock 
ownership;

--- Page 201 ---
Page 201 
 
(iv) 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a bank receiving interest on the Note on an extension of credit 
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business;  
(v) 
such interest is not contingent on TMCC’s or an affiliates’ receipts, sales, income or profits, 
changes in values of property and is not otherwise described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code; 
and 
(vi) 
on or before the first payment of interest or principal, the Non-U.S. Holder has provided the 
Paying Agents with a valid and properly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 (or 
successor or substitute therefor) or other appropriate form of certification of non-U.S. status 
sufficient to establish a basis for exemption under Sections 871(h)(2)(B) and 881(c)(2)(B) of 
the Code. 
If the requirements described above are not satisfied, payments of premium, if any, and interest 
(including OID) made to a Non-U.S. Holder will be subject to 30 per cent. gross basis taxation unless 
either (x) the Note has a maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or 
extend) or (y) the beneficial owner of the Note properly establishes its eligibility for the benefits of a tax 
treaty (generally by providing a properly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-
8BEN-E claiming such benefits).  In addition, payments of interest (including OID, if any) on Notes 
issued by TMCC generally will be subject to a 30 per cent. gross basis withholding tax in the case of 
interest paid to a “foreign financial institution” or a “foreign non-financial entity” within the meaning of 
Sections 1471 through to 1474 of the Code and regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder 
(collectively “FATCA”), unless certain procedural requirements are satisfied and certain information is 
provided to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain 
requirements under laws, regulations or other guidance implementing an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and such Non-U.S. Holder’s home jurisdiction, and certain information is 
provided to the tax authorities in the Non-U.S. Holder’s home jurisdiction.  Under proposed U.S. 
Treasury Regulations published on 18 December 2018, upon which a Non-U.S. Holder may rely until 
final U.S. Treasury Regulations are issued, payments of principal, premium (if any), and proceeds from 
the sale, retirement or other disposition of Notes issued by TMCC will not be subject to FATCA 
withholding. 
Payments with respect to Notes issued by TMF, TFA or TCCI generally should not be subject to 
FATCA withholding.  Nevertheless, if any of TMF, TFA or TCCI were to be treated as a foreign financial 
institution, it is possible that payments made by each such entity, as applicable, on or after the date that 
is two years after the date on which the final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register could be subject to FATCA withholding in respect of the portion 
of such payments, if any, that is considered to be a “foreign passthru payment” under such final 
regulations.  Under certain circumstances, a Non-U.S. Holder of the Notes might be eligible for refunds 
or credits of such taxes.  Notes issued by TMF, TFA or TCCI on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date.  Prospective investors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisers regarding the possible 
implications of this legislation on their investment in the Notes. 
Except as noted above, any gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder on the disposition of a Note will 
not be subject to U.S. tax unless the Holder is an individual present in the United States for at least 
183 days during the taxable year of disposition and certain other conditions are met. 
The exchange of the Temporary Global Note for the Permanent Global Note will not be a taxable 
event. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments of principal and interest on Notes issued by TMCC with a maturity of 183 days or less 
(taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) will not be subject to U.S. information 
reporting or backup withholding. 
Payments of principal and interest on Notes issued by TMCC with a maturity of more than 183 
days, and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of such Notes effected within the United States, or 
through a U.S. office of a broker or a non-U.S. office of a broker with certain connections to the United 
States, will be subject to information reporting unless the Non-U.S. Holders establishes an exemption.

--- Page 202 ---
Page 202 
 
Payments of principal and interest on, and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, Notes 
issued by TMF, TFA or TCCI, effected through a U.S. broker or another middleman with certain 
connections in the United States, may be subject to information reporting unless the Non-U.S. Holders 
establishes an exemption. 
Payments subject to information reporting may be subject to backup withholding unless the Non-
U.S. Holder complies with certification procedures to establish that it is not a U.S. person or is otherwise 
establishes a basis for exemption from backup withholding.  The certification procedures required to 
claim the exemption from withholding tax on interest, described above, will also be sufficient to avoid 
backup withholding. Any amount withheld may be credited against a holder’s U.S. federal income tax 
liability or refunded to the extent it exceeds the holder’s liability. 
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY.  IT DOES NOT COVER ALL 
TAX MATTERS THAT MAY BE IMPORTANT TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR.  EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER ABOUT THE 
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES UNDER THE INVESTOR’S 
OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AS THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE INVESTOR’S MEMBER 
STATE/JURISDICTION AND OF THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY 
HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
THE FOLLOWING IS A GENERAL SUMMARY OF SOURCE STATE WITHHOLDING 
TAXES ON INTEREST INCOME UNDER CURRENT LAW AND PRACTICE OF RELEVANT 
TAX AUTHORITIES IN THE JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE NOTES MAY BE OFFERED 
(IN ADDITION TO THE UK (WHERE THE NOTES MAY BE OFFERED AND WHERE THE 
AGENT IS LOCATED) AND THE NETHERLANDS, CANADA, AUSTRALIA AND UNITED 
STATES (JURISDICTIONS WHERE AN ISSUER IS INCORPORATED)).  THE FOLLOWING 
DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
RELATING TO THE NOTES.  IT DEALS WITH NOTEHOLDERS WHO BENEFICIALLY 
OWN THEIR NOTES AS AN INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT APPLY TO CERTAIN OTHER 
CLASSES OF PERSONS SUCH AS DEALERS IN SECURITIES.  THE SUMMARY DOES NOT 
CONSTITUTE TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE AND PROSPECTIVE NOTEHOLDERS SHOULD 
ACCORDINGLY SEEK THEIR OWN PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. 
Austria 
Resident investors  
Austrian withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. is triggered if interest on the Notes is paid to 
individuals having their domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual place of abode (gewöhnlicher 
Aufenthalt) in Austria by a paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria (i.e. an Austrian bank or Austrian 
branch of a non-Austrian bank or an Austrian branch of an investment services provider domiciled in a 
Member State).  The withholding tax deduction will in general result in final income taxation 
(Endbesteuerung) for individuals holding the Notes. 
Corporations within the meaning of Section 1(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act 
(Körperschaftsteuergesetz, “KStG”) having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or 
their corporate seat (Sitz) in Austria (“Austrian Resident Corporations”), and who receive interest income 
from the Notes are subject to Austrian corporate income tax pursuant to the provisions of the KStG.  In 
the case of a relevant nexus for Austrian withholding tax purposes, such as interest income that is paid 
by an Austrian paying agent, interest payments will be subject to Austrian withholding tax at a flat rate 
of 27.5 per cent.  However, the Austrian withholding tax may be levied at a rate of 25 per cent. (for 
income accrued in calendar year 2022), 24 per cent. (for income accrued in calendar year 2023) and 23 
per cent. (for income accrued in calendar year 2024 and thereafter), in each case, instead of 27.5 per 
cent., and which may be credited against the corporate income tax and, if exceeding, be refunded.  
Austrian Resident Corporations deriving business income from the Notes may avoid the application of 
this Austrian withholding tax by filing a declaration of exemption (Befreiungserklärung) pursuant to 
Section 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz, “EStG”) with the Austrian 
paying agent as well as the tax authority.

--- Page 203 ---
Page 203 
 
Non-resident investors 
Interest income derived from the Notes by individuals who neither have a domicile nor their 
habitual place of abode in Austria or by corporations within the meaning of Section 1(1) of the KStG 
that neither have their corporate seat nor their place of management in Austria (together, “Non-Austrian 
Residents”) is only taxable in Austria if the respective interest income is received as part of their business 
income taxable in Austria (for example, if it is attributable to a permanent establishment in Austria).  
Where Non-Austrian Residents receive interest income from the Notes as part of their business income 
taxable in Austria (for example, as part of an Austrian permanent establishment), they will be subject to 
a tax treatment comparable to the one for Austrian resident business investors. 
If interest income is paid to Non-Austrian Residents by an Austrian paying agent, such interest 
payments will be subject to Austrian withholding tax.  However, an Austrian paying agent could abstain 
from levying the 27.5 per cent. Austrian withholding tax if it were to comply with the prerequisites set 
forth in Section 94(5) of the EStG.  Non-Austrian Residents who are corporations within the meaning of 
Section 1(1) of the KStG may avoid the application of Austrian withholding tax if they evidence their 
non-resident status vis-à-vis the Austrian paying agent by disclosing, among other things, their identity 
and address (Befreiungserklärung). 
If any Austrian withholding tax is deducted by an Austrian paying agent on interest payments 
under the Notes to a Non-Austrian Resident that is not subject to tax in Austria, the Non-Austrian 
Resident can apply for a refund by filing an application with the competent Austrian tax authority (within 
five calendar years following the year of the imposition of the Austrian withholding tax).  Before filing 
a refund request, an advance notification (Vorausmeldung) has to be filed electronically with the 
competent Austrian tax authority.  Advance notification can be filed only after the end of the year in the 
course of which the tax has been withheld and needs to be enclosed to the refund request with delivery 
confirmation as well as a residence certificate. 
Germany 
Resident investors 
Payments of interest made to Noteholders (individuals and corporate entities) who are tax resident 
in Germany (in particular, persons having a residence, habitual abode, seat or place of management in 
Germany) on Notes held in custody with, or presented for payment to, a German custodian (the 
“Disbursing Agent”) will, in principal, be made subject to a withholding tax.  Subject to certain 
requirements, an exemption may apply for certain Noteholders.  Disbursing Agents are German resident 
credit institutions, financial services institutions (including German permanent establishments of foreign 
institutions), securities trading companies or securities trading banks.  Interest within this meaning also 
includes (i) the difference between the issue price and the principal or final redemption amount of the 
Zero Coupon Notes paid on maturity, and (ii) any accrued interest separately accounted for and received 
by the Noteholders upon disposal of the Notes, in both cases (i) and (ii), subject to certain exemptions 
from the withholding tax deduction for certain Noteholders holding the Notes as business assets.  The 
applicable withholding tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if 
applicable, church tax). 
Non-resident investors 
Even if Notes are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent, no German withholding tax should 
generally be withheld from payments to Noteholders who are not resident in Germany unless the Notes 
are held as business assets in a German permanent establishment or by a German permanent 
representative of the Noteholder.  Payments of interest to Noteholders who are not tax resident in 
Germany will be made subject to withholding tax, if Notes are presented for payment to a Disbursing 
Agent. 
Ireland 
Resident and non-resident investors 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest.  The relevant Issuer will not be obliged to withhold income tax from 
payments of interest on the Notes so long as such payments do not have an Irish source.  Interest and 
premium paid on the Notes may be treated as having an Irish source if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or

--- Page 204 ---
Page 204 
 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes 
is maintained in Ireland or, if the Notes are in bearer form, the Notes are physically held 
in Ireland; or 
(c) 
the relevant Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income 
of which are used to fund payments on the Notes. 
It is anticipated that (i) each of the Issuers is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; 
(ii) each of the Issuers does not and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) 
the Notes will not be physically located in Ireland; and (iv) neither TCCI nor TMCC will maintain a 
register of any registered Notes in Ireland. 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per cent.) 
on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the Notes issued by a 
company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or 
realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland.  Encashment tax does not apply where the Noteholder 
(i) is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent 
or bank, or (ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
Italy 
Resident investors 
Where the Italian resident beneficial owner is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are effectively connected (unless he/she has entrusted the management of 
his/her financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorized financial intermediary and has opted 
for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime under article 6 of Decree no. 461/1997), (ii) a non-
commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued 
during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  In the event that the noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies 
as a provisional tax. 
Where an Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes is a company or similar commercial entity 
or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected 
and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from 
the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the relevant noteholder’s 
income tax return and are, therefore, subject to Italian corporate income tax (IRES, and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the noteholders, also to regional tax on productive activities 
(IRAP)). 
Non-resident investors 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident beneficial owner 
of interest or premium relating to the Notes provided that, if the Notes are deposited with an intermediary 
in Italy, the non-Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes files an application with such intermediary 
declaring itself to be a non-resident. 
Luxembourg 
Resident investors 
Under current Luxembourg tax laws and subject to the application of the Luxembourg law dated 
23 December 2005, as amended (the “December 2005 Law”) there is no withholding tax on interest (paid 
or accrued) and other payments (for example, repayment of principal) made by the relevant Issuer (or its 
paying agent, if any) to Luxembourg resident Noteholders. 
However, according to the December 2005 Law, a 20 per cent. withholding tax is levied on 
payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by Luxembourg paying agents to (or for the 
benefit of) an individual beneficial owner who is resident of Luxembourg.  This withholding tax also 
applies on accrued interest received upon sale, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes.

--- Page 205 ---
Page 205 
 
Luxembourg resident individual beneficial owners of payments of interest or similar income made 
by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the EU or the EEA may opt for 
a final 20 per cent. levy.  
Non-resident investors 
Under current Luxembourg tax laws, there is no withholding tax on interest (paid or accrued) and 
other payments (for example, repayment of principal) to non-resident Noteholders. 
Norway 
At present, payments of interest on the Notes to holders that are not resident in Norway for tax 
purposes are not subject to withholding tax in Norway, provided that the relevant Issuer is not resident 
in Norway for tax purposes or issues the Notes in connection with business activities carried out in 
Norway. 
Spain 
Resident investors 
Individuals - Spanish withholding tax (currently at a rate of 19 per cent.) would be triggered if a 
Spanish entity acts as depository of the Notes or if interest is paid by a Spanish paying agent (i.e. a 
Spanish credit entity or Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident credit entity) or if payments 
of any income due on the redemption, repayment or transfer of the Notes are made by a Spanish financial 
institution (or a Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident financial institution).  
Legal entities - Spanish withholding tax (currently at a rate of 19 per cent.) would be triggered if 
a Spanish entity acts as depository of the Notes or if interest is paid by a Spanish paying agent (i.e. a 
Spanish credit entity or Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident credit entity) or if payments 
of any income due on the redemption, repayment or transfer of the Notes are made by a Spanish financial 
institution (or a Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident financial institution).  However, 
pursuant to Section 61.s of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, approved by Royal Decree 634/2015, 
there is no obligation to make a withholding on account of Spanish Corporate Income Tax in respect of 
income due on financial assets traded on organised markets of OECD countries.  
Non-resident investors 
No Spanish withholding tax will be withheld from payments to Noteholders who are not resident 
in Spain. 
Switzerland 
At present, payments of interest (be it periodic, as original issue discount or premium upon 
redemption) and repayment of principal in respect of the Notes by the relevant Issuer are not subject to 
Swiss withholding tax (Verrechnungssteuer), provided that the relevant Issuer is at all times resident and 
managed outside of Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation on the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax system applicable to interest on bonds. This draft legislation provides for, among other 
things, the replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments on bonds with 
a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax.  Under this paying agent-based regime, in 
principle, all interest payments made by paying agents acting out of Switzerland to individuals resident 
in Switzerland would be subject to Swiss withholding tax, including any such interest payments made 
on bonds issued by entities organised in a jurisdiction outside Switzerland (such as interest payments on 
the Notes). Due to the controversial outcome of the consultation on the draft legislation, the Swiss Federal 
Council submitted new draft legislation to the Swiss Federal Parliament, which provides for the abolition 
of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds.  This legislation was accepted by the Swiss 
Parliament on 17 December 2021, but will be applicable only to bonds issued on or after 1 January 2023.  
The entry into force of this legislation is still subject to a referendum vote on 25 September 2022.  If this 
legislation were to be rejected in the referendum and a paying agent-based regime subsequently were to 
be enacted as contemplated by the draft legislation published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the 
deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax by a paying agent in Switzerland on any interest 
payments under a Note, none of the relevant Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes be obliged to pay additional amounts with respect to any Note 
as a result of the deduction or imposition of such withholding tax.

--- Page 206 ---
Page 206 
 
Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
The Automatic Exchange of Information (the “AEOI”) is being introduced in Switzerland through 
bilateral agreements and multilateral agreements.  Such agreements have, and will be, concluded on the 
basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e. the information 
exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate 
data protection. 
On 19 November 2014 Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
“MCAA”).  The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of the AEOI.  The Federal Act on the 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the “AEOI Act”) and the Ordinance 
on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (“AEOI Ordinance”) entered 
into force on 1 January 2017.  The AEOI Act with the AEOI Ordinance is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the global AEOI standard of OECD in Switzerland. 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral AEOI agreement with the EU (replacing the EU savings 
tax agreement) and has concluded bilateral AEOI agreements with several non-EU countries. 
Based on these agreements and the implementing unilateral laws, Switzerland has begun to collect 
data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income derived 
thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of 
individuals resident in an EU member state or in a treaty state. 
On 19 June 2020, the Swiss Parliament adopted a partial revision of the AEOI Act.  The revision 
mostly is of a technical nature as it intends to implement the Global Forum’s recommendations to 
Switzerland.  These latest amendments to the AEOI Act concern, among other things, certain due 
diligence and registration obligations, the maintenance of a document retention obligation for reporting 
Swiss financial institutions, as well as definitions.  Some exceptions have also been removed or adapted.  
The amendments to the law and ordinance entered into force on 1 January 2021. 
United Kingdom 
UK Withholding Tax   
Payments of interest on the Notes that do not have a UK source may be made without deduction 
or withholding on account of UK income tax.  In the event that interest on the Notes is treated as having 
a UK source, payments of such interest can still be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of UK income tax in the following circumstances.  
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account 
of UK income tax provided that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a 
“recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “ITA 
2007”).  In the case of Notes to be traded on the London Stock Exchange or Euronext Dublin (as 
applicable), each of which is a “recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the 
ITA 2007, this condition will be satisfied if the Notes are included in the UK Official List (within the 
meaning of, and in accordance with, the provisions of Part VI of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000) and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange or are officially listed in Ireland in 
accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market (as applicable).  Provided, therefore that the Notes carry 
a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a “recognised stock exchange” at the time of payment, 
interest on the Notes will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account of UK tax.  
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without withholding or deduction on account of 
UK tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form part of a 
scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 364 
days. 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that 
has a UK source on account of UK income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to any 
available exemptions and reliefs.  However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower 
rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HM Revenue and 
Customs can issue a notice to the relevant Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction of 
tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty).

--- Page 207 ---
Page 207 
 
References in the paragraphs above to “interest” mean “interest” as such term is understood for 
UK tax purposes. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “participating Member 
State”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary 
market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating 
Member States.  It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
OECD Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information (“CRS”) requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain 
accounts (which may include the Notes) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence 
procedures.  Noteholders may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure 
compliance with the CRS.  A jurisdiction that has signed a CRS Competent Authority Agreement may 
provide this information to other jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
how the CRS may apply to them.

--- Page 208 ---
Page 208 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ABN 11 005 357 522), Banco Santander, 
S.A., Bank of Montreal Europe plc, Bank of Montreal, London Branch, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, 
London Branch, CIBC Capital Markets (Europe) S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited, HSBC Bank plc, 
HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Lloyds Bank 
Corporate Markets plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets Wertpapierhandelsbank GmbH, Merrill Lynch 
International, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, MUFG 
Securities EMEA plc, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, 
Nomura International plc, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, RBC Europe Limited, SMBC Bank 
EU AG, SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited, Société Générale, TD Global Finance unlimited 
company, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, UniCredit Bank AG and each of the Issuers, in the Amended 
and Restated Programme Agreement dated 16 September 2022, comprising the Programme Agreement 
dated 30 September 1992 as amended and supplemented or restated (the “Programme Agreement”), have 
agreed on a basis upon which the Dealers may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” above.  In the Programme Agreement, each of the Issuers has jointly and severally agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme.  The relevant Issuer may also agree in the 
documentation relating to a particular Note issuance to reimburse the relevant Dealers or otherwise pay 
for expenses in connection with the issuance. 
If the relevant Issuer accepts an offer to purchase Notes in relation to a syndicated transaction, the 
terms of any such agreement between the relevant Issuer and two or more Dealers shall be set out in a 
Syndicate Purchase Agreement.  The notification to Dealers of the amount of Notes allotted to them on 
a particular Note issuance is typically set forth in the launch telex sent to the Dealers at the beginning of 
the transaction or otherwise agreed with the Dealers.  If the relevant Issuer accepts an offer to purchase 
Notes in relation to a non-syndicated transaction, the relevant Issuer or its designated agent sends, in 
relation to any such Tranche, the terms of such Notes and of their issue agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the purchaser (the “Purchase Information”) to the Agent (or in relation to Registered Notes 
issued by TCCI, to the TCCI Registrar with a copy to the Agent or, in relation to Registered Notes issued 
by TMCC, to the TMCC Registrar with a copy to the Agent).  The purchaser confirms the Purchase 
Information to the Agent (or in relation to Registered Notes issued by TCCI, to the TCCI Registrar with 
a copy to the Agent or, in relation to Registered Notes issued by TMCC, to the TMCC Registrar with a 
copy to the Agent) and the relevant Issuer.  In relation to both syndicated and non-syndicated transactions, 
dealings will begin as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers which may or may not 
be before such notification is made. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform the services for, the Issuers and 
their affiliates and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuers 
and/or their affiliates operate and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, 
commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification.  Certain of the Dealers may also have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuers and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities.  They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees 
and commissions for these transactions.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or their affiliates.  The Dealers and/or their 
affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes issued under the Programme (subject to customary closing 
conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent 
with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in the Issuers’ securities, including potentially the Notes.  Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes.  The Dealers and their affiliates

--- Page 209 ---
Page 209 
 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the term “affiliates” includes parent companies. 
Set forth below are certain selling restrictions applicable to Notes issued under the Programme.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with these restrictions.  Each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree to all applicable restrictions. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers 
following a change in the relevant laws or regulations.  Any such modification will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms issued in respect of the issue to which it is related or in a supplement to this 
Prospectus. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Notes are 
registered under the Securities Act, or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act is available.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.  
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering, or completion of distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to 
each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any series of Notes, an offer 
or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any such Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive (Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended)), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 210 ---
Page 210 
 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a “Relevant Member 
State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the applicable Final Terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or such Final Terms, as applicable and the relevant 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any such Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 211 ---
Page 211 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to Section 86 of the FSMA (a “UK Public Offer”), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved 
by the FCA, or (ii) is to be treated as if it has been approved by the FCA in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
applicable Final Terms contemplating such UK Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or such Final Terms, as applicable and the relevant 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that UK Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant 
Issuer; and  
(c) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant 
Issuer.  
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Law of Japan (Law No.25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Law”) and 
each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) except pursuant to an exemption from the

--- Page 212 ---
Page 212 
 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Netherlands, see “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” above and in addition: 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form issued by any Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, 
directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant 
Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., with due observance of the Netherlands Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake Spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing 
regulations.  No such mediation is required in respect of: (i) the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form; (ii) the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes 
in definitive form to the first holders thereof; (iii) in respect of the transfer and acceptances of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or 
profession; or (iv) the transfer and acceptance of such Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all 
Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note 
in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed within 
the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter.  In the event that the 
Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer 
of and payments on Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if such Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional 
borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of 2 February 1987 attached to the Royal 
Decree of 11 March 1987 (Staatscourant 129) (as amended), each transfer and acceptance should be 
recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the transaction and the 
details and serial numbers of such Notes.  
As used herein, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim 
for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their term 
to maturity or on which no interest is due whatsoever.   
Canada  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
the sale and delivery of any Notes to any purchaser who is a resident of Canada or otherwise 
subject to the laws of Canada or who is purchasing for a principal who is a resident of Canada 
or otherwise subject to the laws of Canada (each such purchaser or principal a “Canadian 
Purchaser”) by such Dealer shall be made so as to be exempt from the prospectus filing 
requirements and exempt from or in compliance with the dealer registration requirements of all 
applicable securities laws and regulations, rulings and orders made thereunder and rules, 
instruments and policy statements issued and adopted by the relevant securities regulator or 
regulatory authority, including those applicable in each of the provinces and territories of 
Canada (the “Canadian Securities Laws”); 
(b) 
where required under applicable Canadian Securities Laws, (i) it is appropriately registered 
under the applicable Canadian Securities Laws in each province and territory to sell and deliver 
the Notes to each Canadian Purchaser that is a resident of, or otherwise subject to the Canadian 
Securities Laws of, such province or territory, and to whom it sells or delivers any Notes; (ii) 
such sale and delivery will be made through an affiliate of it that is so registered, if the affiliate 
is registered in a category that permits such sale and has agreed to make such sale and delivery 
in compliance with the representations, warranties and agreements set out herein; (iii) it is a 
dealer that is permitted to rely upon the “international dealer exemption” contained in Section 
8.18 of National Instrument 31-103 – Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”), has complied with all requirements of that exemption and 
has provided notice to such investor as required by NI 31-103, provided that a statement to such 
effect in any Canadian Offering Memorandum delivered to such Canadian Purchaser by the 
Dealer shall constitute such notice; or (iv) it is a dealer entitled to rely on a dealer registration 
exemption for trades with “accredited investors” made available under a blanket order issued 
by the applicable securities regulatory authority;

--- Page 213 ---
Page 213 
 
(c) 
it will comply with all relevant Canadian Securities Laws concerning any resale of the Notes 
and will prepare, execute, deliver and file all documentation required by the applicable Canadian 
Securities Laws to permit each resale by it of Notes to a Canadian Purchaser; 
(d) 
it will ensure that each Canadian Purchaser purchasing from it (i) has represented to it that such 
Canadian Purchaser is a resident in, and subject to the Canadian Securities Laws of, a province 
or territory of Canada, or is a corporation, partnership, or other entity, resident and created in or 
organised under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, (ii) has represented to 
it that such Canadian Purchaser (A) is an “accredited investor” as defined in Section 1.1 of 
National Instrument 45-106-Prospectus and Registration Exemptions (“NI 45-106”) or Section 
73.3 of the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable, which categories set forth in the relevant 
definition of “accredited investor” in NI 45-106 correctly and in all respects describes such 
Canadian Purchaser, and that it is not a person created or used solely to purchase or hold the 
Notes as an accredited investor as described in Section 2.3(5) of NI 45-106, and, (B) if the 
Canadian Purchaser is an individual and/or the dealer is permitted to rely on the “international 
dealer exemption”, is a “permitted client” as defined in Section 1.1 of NI 31-103 and which 
categories set forth in the definition of “permitted client” in NI 31-103 correctly and in all 
respects describes such Canadian Purchaser; and (iii) consents to disclosure of all required 
information about the purchase to the relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities;  
(e) 
the offer and sale of the Notes was not and will not be made through or accompanied by any 
advertisement of the Notes, including, without limitation, in printed media of general and 
regular paid circulation, radio, television, or telecommunications, including electronic display 
or any other form of advertising or as part of a general solicitation in Canada; 
(f) 
it has not provided and will not provide to any Canadian Purchaser any document or other 
material that would constitute an offering memorandum except in compliance with Canadian 
Securities Laws (including any Canadian offering memorandum prepared and provided to the 
Dealers in connection with the issue of the relevant Notes (the “Canadian Offering 
Memorandum”) or in compliance with any exemption available from additional disclosure 
requirements under Canadian Securities Laws); 
(g) 
it will ensure that each Canadian Purchaser is advised that no securities commission, stock 
exchange or other similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed 
upon the Canadian Offering Memorandum or the merits of the Notes described therein, nor has 
any such securities commission, stock exchange or other similar regulatory authority in Canada 
made any recommendation or endorsement with respect to the Notes provided that a statement 
to such effect in any Canadian Offering Memorandum delivered to such Canadian Purchaser by 
the Dealer shall constitute such disclosure;  
(h) 
it has not made and it will not make any written or oral representations to any Canadian 
Purchaser (i) that any person will resell or repurchase the Notes purchased by such Canadian 
Purchaser; (ii) that the Notes will be freely tradeable by the Canadian Purchaser without any 
restrictions or hold periods; (iii) that any person will refund the purchase price of the Notes; or 
(iv) as to the future price or value of the Notes; and 
(i) 
it will inform each Canadian Purchaser (i) that the Issuer is not a “reporting issuer” and is not, 
and may never be, a reporting issuer in any province or territory of Canada and there currently 
is no public market in Canada for any of the Notes, and one may never develop; (ii) that the 
Notes will be subject to resale restrictions under applicable Canadian Securities Laws; and (iii) 
such Canadian Purchaser’s name and other specified information will be disclosed to the 
relevant Canadian securities regulators or regulatory authorities and may become available to 
the public in accordance with applicable laws provided that a statement to such effect in any 
Canadian Offering Memorandum delivered to such Canadian Purchaser by the Dealer shall 
constitute such disclosure.   
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Australian Corporations Act) in 
relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”).  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that unless the applicable Final 
Terms (or another supplement to this Prospectus) otherwise provides, it:

--- Page 214 ---
Page 214 
 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of the Notes in or from Australia (including an offer 
or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and  
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus or other offering 
material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia,  
unless the offeree or invitee is a “wholesale client” (within the meaning of Section 761G of the Australian 
Corporations Act) and: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or 
its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors 
in accordance with either Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, 
without limitation, the financial services licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the 
Australian Corporations Act); and 
(iii) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
In addition, and unless the applicable Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this 
Prospectus) provides otherwise, each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that, in connection with the primary distribution of the Notes, it 
will not offer or sell Notes to any person if, at the time of such sale, the officers and employees of the 
Dealer aware of, or involved in, the sale, knew or had reasonable grounds to suspect that, as a result of 
such sale, any Notes or an interest in any Notes were being, or would later be, acquired (directly or 
indirectly) by an associate of TFA for the purposes of Section 128F(9) of the Australian Tax Act and 
associated regulations except as permitted by Section 128F(5) of the Australian Tax Act.  
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold or delivered, and will not offer or sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes; and 
(b) 
it has not distributed and will not distribute, directly or indirectly, any offering materials or 
advertisement in relation to any offer of Notes, 
in each case in New Zealand other than:  
(i) 
to persons who are “wholesale investors” as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and 
(d) of Schedule 1 to the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (“FMC 
Act”), being a person who is: 
(A) an “investment business”; 
(B) “large”; or 
(C) a “government agency”, 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that 
(without limiting paragraph (i) above) Notes may not be offered or transferred to any 
“eligible investors” (as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the investment 
activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act.  
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus”

--- Page 215 ---
Page 215 
 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; 
and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
Ordinance. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that neither it nor its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or 
sell any Notes in the PRC or to residents of the PRC, except as permitted by applicable securities laws 
and regulations of the PRC.  This Prospectus, the Notes and any material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus in relation to the Notes have not been, and will not be, 
submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory Commission 
(“CSRC”) or other relevant governmental and regulatory authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws 
and regulations and may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer 
for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC.  Neither this Prospectus nor any material or 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be sold to, and invested in, by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in 
the investment in the Notes of the type being offered or sold.  PRC investors are responsible for obtaining 
all relevant government regulatory approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations themselves, 
including, but not limited to, any which may be required from the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange, the CSRC, the China Banking Regulatory Commission, the China Insurance Regulatory 
Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, 
including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign outbound 
investment regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge and agree, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (b) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA; or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 216 ---
Page 216 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA), 
or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuers have determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed 
capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland (i) 
offer, sell, or advertise the Notes, or (ii) distribute or otherwise make available this Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes, in a way that would constitute 
a public offering within the meaning Article 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”), except 
under the following exemptions under the FinSA: (a) to any investor that qualifies as a professional client 
within the meaning of the FinSA, or (b) in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of the FinSA, 
provided, in each case, that no such public offer of Notes referred to in (a) and (b) above shall require 
the publication of a prospectus for offers of Notes pursuant to the FinSA.  Each Dealer additionally has 
acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge and agree, that neither this Prospectus nor any other document related to the Notes 
constitutes (i) a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to Article 35 FinSA and the implementing 
ordinance to the FinSA, or (ii) a key information document (or an equivalent document) within the 
meaning of Article 58 FinSA. 
If and to the extent that the Notes qualify as financial instruments requiring the preparation of a 
key information document within the meaning of the FinSA, its implementing ordinance and any other 
applicable regulations, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, (i) offer, 
sell, or advertise the relevant Notes to investors in Switzerland with respect to which the preparation of 
a key information document (or equivalent document) within the meaning of the FinSA, its implementing 
ordinance and any other applicable regulations is required, and (ii) distribute or otherwise make available 
this Prospectus, the relevant offering circular or any other document related to the relevant Notes in 
Switzerland to investors in Switzerland with respect to which the preparation of a key information 
document (or equivalent document) is required.  
This Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by a Swiss review body 
pursuant to Article 51 FinSA, does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Article 35 FinSA, 
and does not comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to a prospectus under the FinSA.  
Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland (unless in circumstances falling within 
Article 36 FinSA). 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that to the extent applicable:

--- Page 217 ---
Page 217 
 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the “MiFID II Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for Authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof 
and any rules and codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions 
of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Central Bank 
Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019, and any rules and guidance issued by the CBI under 
Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the CBI under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Spain 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge and agree, that neither this Prospectus nor the Notes have 
been or will be approved by, or registered with the administrative registries of, the Spanish Securities 
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).  Accordingly, the Notes may not be 
offered, sold or distributed in the Kingdom of Spain save in accordance with the requirements of Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 2015, approving the consolidated text of the Securities Market 
Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la 
Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated, and Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 
2005, partially developing Law 24/1988, of 28 July 1988, on the Securities Market in connection with 
listing of securities in secondary official markets, initial purchase offers, rights issues and the prospectus 
required in these cases (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla 
parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de Julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a 
negociación de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y 
del folleto exigible a tales efectos), as amended and restated, or as further amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time.  The Notes may only be offered and sold in Spain by institutions authorised 
to provide investment services in Spain Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 2015, approving 
the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, 
por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated 
(and related legislation) and Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, on the legal regime applicable to 
investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de 
las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión). 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the applicable Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, 
the offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must:

--- Page 218 ---
Page 218 
 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the 
Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 
(as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement 
imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting 
requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act 
and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time 
to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent 
it is applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Notes which are initially 
offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are 
systematically (sistematicamente) distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971.  Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being 
declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for 
any damages suffered by the investors. 
Issues of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) to be admitted to trading on an EEA or UK regulated market and/or offered on an 
exempt basis in the EEA or the UK 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated in the applicable Final Terms and notwithstanding the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” and the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
selling restrictions set out above applicable to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) to be admitted to trading on an EEA or UK regulated market 
and/or offered in any EEA Member State or in the UK on an exempt basis as contemplated under Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation: 
(a) 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not 
offer or sell, whether through financial intermediaries or otherwise, any such Notes to the public 
in any EEA Member State or in the UK by means of this Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
or any other document, other than to qualified investors (as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation);  
(b) 
each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that no action has been taken by the relevant Issuer or any other 
person that would, or is intended to permit an offer to the public of any such Notes in any 
country or jurisdiction at any time where any such action for that purpose is required; and 
(c) 
each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to undertake, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any such Notes or 
distribute or publish any offering circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or 
other document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of 
any such Notes by it will be made on the same terms, and provided that no such offer or sale of 
Notes by it, whether through financial intermediaries or otherwise, shall require the relevant 
Issuer, such Dealer or any such financial intermediaries to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Non-exempt Offers in certain EEA Jurisdictions and UK Public Offers in the UK 
Notwithstanding the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” and the “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors” selling restrictions set out above applicable to Notes, where the applicable Final 
Terms expressly indicate that a non-exempt offer of Notes to the public in certain jurisdictions identified 
in such Final Terms (such jurisdictions, together with Ireland and the UK, the “Jurisdictions” and each 
a “Jurisdiction”) is intended or permitted, the relevant Issuer understands that the Dealers identified as 
Managers in such Final Terms involved in the offer and such other persons and/or classes of persons as

--- Page 219 ---
Page 219 
 
the relevant Issuer may nominate and/or describe in the applicable Final Terms will, on the terms and 
conditions of the Non-exempt Offer and/or the UK Public Offer contained in such Final Terms, be able 
to use such Final Terms and this Prospectus for a UK Public Offer of the Notes in the UK and/or a Non-
exempt Offer of the Notes in any of the other Jurisdictions during the Offer Period specified in such 
applicable Final Terms. 
Upon the execution by the relevant Dealers so identified in the applicable Final Terms, and by the 
relevant Issuer of the agreement to issue and purchase the Notes (the “Agreement”), each such Dealer 
may, during the Offer Period specified in such Final Terms, make a UK Public Offer in the UK and/or a 
Non-exempt Offer in any of the other Jurisdictions using this Prospectus (as may be supplemented) and 
the applicable Final Terms, and otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, 
this Prospectus (as so supplemented) and the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in any EEA 
Member State or in the UK, any Notes other than by (i) a UK Public Offer in the UK, and/or a Non-
exempt Offer in any of the other Jurisdictions, during the Offer Period pursuant to, and in accordance 
with, this Prospectus (as may be supplemented) and the applicable Final Terms (without modification or 
supplement); or (ii) an offer to qualified investors (as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) or otherwise in compliance with Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and that during the Offer 
Period, each such Dealer will ensure that any Placer (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) purchasing 
any of the Notes from such Dealer has been notified that by accepting such Notes such Placer undertakes 
to comply with the foregoing provisions of this Non-exempt Offers in certain EEA Jurisdictions and UK 
Public Offers in the UK selling restriction. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the following provisions contained in the 
applicable Final Terms under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer” (including where 
repeated in the Issue Specific Summary set out in the Schedule to the applicable Final Terms), in the 
second sentence of the section entitled “Offer Price”, in the section entitled “Conditions to which the 
offer is subject”, in the section entitled “Description of the application process”, in the section entitled 
“Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application”, in the section entitled “Method 
and time limits for paying up and delivering the Notes” and in the section entitled “Process for notifying 
applicants of the amount allotted and an indication whether dealing may begin before notification is 
made” relating to it and its offer and sale process are true and accurate in all respects and that it has not 
made any Placers as such known to the relevant Issuer other than any Placers who are identified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Save as described above and in the applicable Final Terms, no action will be taken by the relevant 
Issuer or any other person that would, or is intended to, permit a UK Public Offer in the UK and/or a 
Non-exempt Offer in any of the other Jurisdictions at any time other than during the Offer Period pursuant 
to, and in accordance with, this Prospectus as may be supplemented and the applicable Final Terms or in 
any other country or jurisdiction at any time where any such action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to undertake, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes or distribute or publish 
any offering circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other document or information 
in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of Notes by it will be made on the same terms, 
and provided that no such offer or sale of Notes shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the FSMA (or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) or to take any other action in any jurisdiction other than as described above 
(unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Issuer). 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes in any relevant Jurisdiction means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 220 ---
Page 220 
 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General  
No action has been or will be taken by any of the Issuers (other than entering into the agreement 
to issue and purchase Notes pursuant to the Programme Agreement and complying with the procedures 
required by the Programme Agreement) or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of the Notes 
or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required unless the relevant Issuer has agreed to such action and such action 
has been taken. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all applicable securities 
laws, regulations and directives known to it, or that reasonably should have been known by it, in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and none of the Issuers nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Purchasers will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Purchaser shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise 
agreed to in writing by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Purchaser. 
A Dealer may offer the Notes it has purchased to other dealers.  A Dealer may sell Notes to any 
dealer at a discount, which discount may equal all or a portion of the selling concession to be received 
by such Dealer from the relevant Issuer. 
None of the Issuers, nor any of the Dealers, represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 221 ---
Page 221 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The issue of Notes under the Programme and the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
outstanding at any time under the Programme of €60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), 
which remain outstanding at any time, was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Management 
of TMF dated 6 September 2022, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of TCCI dated 14 September 
2021, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of TFA dated 1 September 2022 and by a resolution of 
the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of TMCC dated 20 August 2021. 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
Application will be made to the FCA for Notes issued under the Programme by each of the Issuers 
to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for such Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market.  Application will also be made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme by each of the Issuers to be admitted to the Irish Official 
List and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market.  It is expected that each Tranche of Notes 
which is to be admitted to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main 
market and/or to the Irish Official List and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a global Note or Notes initially 
representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Availability of Documents  
For the period of twelve months following the date of this Prospectus, copies (including English 
translations (if applicable)) of the Articles of Association of TMF, the Articles of Incorporation and 
Articles of Amendment of TCCI, the constitution of TFA, the Restated Articles of Incorporation and 
Bylaws, as amended, of TMCC, the Articles of Incorporation of TFS and the Articles of Incorporation 
of the Parent, the Credit Support Agreements, the Agency Agreement, the TCCI Note Agency Agreement 
and the TMCC Note Agency Agreement will be available for inspection on TMCC’s website, at 
https://www.toyotafinancial.com/us/en/investor_relations/unsecured_term_debt.html. 
For the period of twelve months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of this Prospectus 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses and supplements including Final Terms to this Prospectus 
(relating to a Note which is admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or 
the London Stock Exchange’s main market or offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the FSMA) 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference will, when published, be available 
on the website of the London Stock Exchange and/or on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-home.html and at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin, respectively. 
Clearing Systems  
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate codes for each Tranche 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and details of any other agreed clearance system 
and any codes allocated by such other clearance system will be contained in the applicable Final Terms.   
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Notes issued by TCCI may be accepted for clearance through CDS Clearing and Depository 
Services Inc.  The address for CDS is 100 Adelaide Street West, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5H 1S3. 
Conditions for Determining Price  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Purchaser at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.

--- Page 222 ---
Page 222 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change  
Save as disclosed on pages 21 and 37 of this Prospectus in the Risk Factors entitled “Risks related 
to health epidemics and other outbreaks faced by each of the Issuers have had and may continue to have 
material adverse effects on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows” and 
“COVID-19 Risks – Toyota” (together the “COVID-19 Risk Factors”), there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance or financial position of any of TMF, TCCI or TFA and (in each case) 
its consolidated subsidiaries (if any) (considered as a whole) since 31 March 2022, the date of the most 
recently published financial statements of such Issuer.  Save as disclosed in the COVID-19 Risk Factors, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of TMCC and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (considered as a whole) since 30 June 2022, the date of the most recently 
published financial statements of TMCC.  Save as disclosed in the COVID-19 Risk Factors, there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of TFS or the Parent and 
their respective consolidated subsidiaries (considered as a whole) since 30 June 2022, the date of the 
most recently published financial statements of the Parent.  Save as disclosed in the COVID-19 Risk 
Factors, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of any Issuer, TFS or the Parent since 
31 March 2022, the date of the most recently published audited financial statements of each Issuer and 
the Parent. 
Litigation  
Save as disclosed on pages 192 and 193 of this Prospectus in the section “Toyota Motor 
Corporation (“TMC”) – Legal Proceedings”, on page 24 of this Prospectus in the section “Risk Factors 
-  Recalls and other related announcements by Toyota or private label companies could decrease the 
sales of Toyota, Lexus and private label vehicles, which could affect the business, results of operations 
and financial condition of an Issuer”, in the section “Risk Factors - The regulatory environment in which 
each of the Issuers operates could have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations 
– TMCC” on pages 33 to 35 of this Prospectus, in the section “Risk Factors – Changes to Laws, 
Regulations or Government Policies - TMCC” on pages 36 and 37 of this Prospectus, as described in 
Note 32 Subsequent events on page 70 of TFA’s Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 
31 March 2022 and as described below with respect to TMCC and the CFPB’s civil investigative demand, 
neither the Parent nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Parent is aware) during a period covering at least the twelve months preceding the date of this 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Save as disclosed on page 24 of this Prospectus in the section “Risk Factors -  Recalls and other 
related announcements by Toyota or private label companies could decrease the sales of Toyota, Lexus 
and private label vehicles, which could affect the business, results of operations and financial condition 
of an Issuer”, in the section “Risk Factors - The regulatory environment in which each of the Issuers 
operates could have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations – TMCC” on 
pages 33 to 35 of this Prospectus, in the section “Risk Factors – Changes to Laws, Regulations or 
Government Policies - TMCC” on pages 36 and 37 of this Prospectus, as described in Note 32 Subsequent 
events on page 70 of TFA’s Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and as 
described below with respect to TMCC and the CFPB’s civil investigative demand, none of the Issuers, 
TFS or their respective consolidated subsidiaries (if any) is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which any of the Issuers or TFS is aware) during a period covering at least the twelve months preceding 
the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of any of the Issuers, TFS and their respective consolidated subsidiaries 
(if any). 
Various legal actions, governmental proceedings and other claims are pending or may be instituted 
or asserted in the future against any of the Issuers with respect to matters arising in the ordinary course 
of business.  Certain of these actions are or purport to be class action suits, seeking sizeable damages 
and/or changes in TMCC’s or TCCI’s business operations, policies and practices.  In addition, TMCC

--- Page 223 ---
Page 223 
 
and TFA are subject to governmental and regulatory examinations, information-gathering requests, and 
investigations from time to time at the state and federal levels.  It is inherently difficult to predict the 
course of such legal actions and governmental inquiries.  Certain of these actions are similar to suits that 
have been filed against other financial institutions and captive finance companies.  Each Issuer performs 
periodic reviews of pending claims and actions to determine the probability of adverse verdicts and 
resulting amounts of liability.  Each of the Issuers establishes reserves or accruals for legal claims when 
payments associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.  When 
an Issuer is able, it will also determine estimates of reasonably possible loss or range of loss, whether in 
excess of any related reserve or accrued liability or where there is no reserve or accrued liability.  Given 
the inherent uncertainty associated with legal matters, the actual costs of resolving legal claims and 
associated costs of defence may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts reserved or for which 
accruals have been established.  Based on available information and established reserves or accruals, no 
Issuer believes it is reasonably possible that the results of these proceedings, either individually or in the 
aggregate, will have a material adverse effect for each of TMCC and TFA, on its consolidated financial 
condition or results of operations and for each of TMF and TCCI, on its results of operations or financial 
condition. 
On 24 November 2020, the CFPB issued a civil investigative demand to TMCC seeking, among 
other things, certain information relating to TMCC’s vehicle and payment protection products and credit 
reporting policies and procedures and reporting records.  TMCC is cooperating with the inquiry and 
cannot predict the eventual scope, duration or outcome at this time.  As a result, TMCC is unable to 
estimate the amount or range of any potential loss arising from this investigation. 
Auditors  
The auditors of any Issuer or the Parent have no material interest in any Issuer or the Parent, 
respectively. 
TMF 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, independent public accountants, audited the financial 
statements of TMF for each of the two financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.  The 
partner signing the independent auditor’s reports is a member of the NBA (Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants - The Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants). 
TCCI 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, chartered professional accountants, has audited the financial 
statements of TCCI for each of the two financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.  The 
signing partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is a member of CPA Canada. 
TFA 
The Australian firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers (ABN 52 780 433 757), independent accountants 
(“PWC Australia”) audited TFA’s financial statements for the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 
31 March 2021.  The signing partner of PwC Australia is a member of Chartered Accountants Australia 
and New Zealand. 
PWC Australia may be able to assert a limitation of liability with respect to claims arising out of 
its audit reports described or included in the TFA Base Prospectus or in the Annual Financial Reports for 
the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 of TFA referred to in paragraph (c) of 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”.  Such limitations of liability are set forth in the Professional 
Standards Act 1994 of New South Wales, Australia (the “Professional Standards Act”) and the Chartered 
Accountants Australia and New Zealand (NSW) Scheme adopted by Chartered Accountants Australia 
and New Zealand and approved by the New South Wales Professional Standards Council pursuant to the 
Professional Standards Act (the “NSW Accountants Scheme”) (or, in relation to matters occurring prior 
to 8 October 2019, the predecessor scheme).  The current NSW Accountants Scheme is scheduled to 
expire on 8 October 2024. 
TMCC 
The financial statements as of 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 and for each of the three 
financial years in the period ended 31 March 2022, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as 
stated in their report referenced herein.  Partners of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are members of The 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

--- Page 224 ---
Page 224 
 
Parent 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLC audited the consolidated financial statements of the Parent 
for the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 in accordance with United States 
generally accepted auditing standards.  PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLC is a member of the Japanese 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.  
Australian Regulations  
No approval is required by the laws of Australia on the part of TFA for or in connection with the 
issue of any Notes by it or for or in connection with the performance and enforceability of such Notes or 
Coupons, except that the Banking (Foreign Exchange) Regulations and other regulations in Australia 
prohibit payments, transactions and dealings with assets or named individuals or entities subject to 
international sanctions or associated with terrorism.  
Ratings – TFA 
Ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a “retail client” within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor 
or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Parts 6.D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian 
Corporations Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive ratings in accordance with applicable 
law in any jurisdiction in which the person may be located.  Anyone who is not such a person is not 
entitled to receive this Prospectus and anyone who receives this Prospectus must not distribute it to any 
person who is not entitled to receive it. 
Bank Act (Canada)  
TCCI is not regulated as a financial institution in Canada and is not a member institution of the 
Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation.  Notes issued by TCCI are not insured by the Canada Deposit 
Insurance Corporation.  Any liability incurred by TCCI in connection with the issue of Notes by it or for 
or in connection with the performance and enforceability of such Notes and any relative Coupons does 
not constitute a deposit, as such term is used in the Bank Act (Canada).  
Post-issuance Information  
None of the Issuers intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of 
Notes.  
Websites 
In this Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references.  The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
Foreign Language 
The language of this Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references to technical terms have 
been cited in their own language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers 
in relation to the Notes and with respect to any submission of the Notes to the Irish Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 225 ---
Page 225 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
The Issuers 
Toyota Motor Finance 
(Netherlands) B.V. 
World Trade Center 
Amsterdam 
Tower H, Level 10 
Zuidplein 90 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Toyota Credit Canada Inc. 
80 Micro Court 
Suite 200 
Markham 
Ontario L3R 9Z5 
Canada 
Toyota Finance 
Australia Limited 
Level 9 
207 Pacific Highway 
St Leonards 
NSW 2065 
Australia 
Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation 
6565 Headquarters Drive 
Plano 
Texas 75024-5965 
United States 
The Parent 
Toyota Motor Corporation 
1, Toyota-cho 
Toyota City 
Aichi Prefecture 471-8571 
Japan 
TFS 
Toyota Financial Services Corporation 
Nagoya Lucent Tower 
6-1, Ushijima-cho 
Nishi-ku, Nagoya City 
Aichi Prefecture 451-6015 
Japan 
 
DEALERS 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited 
(ABN 11 005 357 522) 
Level 12 
25 North Colonnade 
London E14 5HZ 
United Kingdom 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of Montreal Europe plc 
2 Harbourmaster Place 
6th floor 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Bank of Montreal, London Branch 
Sixth Floor 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London Branch 
150 Cheapside 
London EC2V 6ET 
United Kingdom 
CIBC Capital Markets (Europe) S.A. 
2C, rue Albert Borschette 
L-1246 Luxembourg 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des  États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France

--- Page 226 ---
Page 226 
 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets Wertpapierhandelsbank 
GmbH 
Thurn-und-Taxis Platz 6 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center 
Tower H 
11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th Floor 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29  
Ireland 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
60 Threadneedle Street 
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom

--- Page 227 ---
Page 227 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
acting through its London branch 
One Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
TCCI REGISTRAR 
(Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit  
Canada Inc. only) 
TMCC REGISTRAR 
(Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation. only) 
BNY Trust Company of Canada 
1 York Street, 6th Floor 
Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0B6 
Canada 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
TCCI TRANSFER AGENT 
(Registered Notes issued by Toyota Credit  
Canada Inc. only) 
TMCC TRANSFER AGENT 
(Registered Notes issued by Toyota Motor Credit 
Corporation only) 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
acting through its London branch 
One Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
acting through its London branch 
One Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers 
as to Dutch law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus 
Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
as to Canadian law 
Stikeman Elliott (London) 
LLP 
36-38 Cornhill   
London EC3V 3NG 
United Kingdom 
as to Australian law 
King & Wood Mallesons 
Level 61 
Governor Phillip Tower 
1 Farrer Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
as to English law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus 
Deringer LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom

--- Page 228 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-65110606/54   126507-0004 
 
 
Page 228 
 
 
as to the laws of California 
Ellen L. Farrell 
General Counsel of TMCC 
6565 Headquarters Drive 
Mailstop W2–5A, Plano 
Texas 75024–5965 
United States 
as to United States federal 
income tax law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus 
Deringer US LLP 
700 13th Street, NW 
10th Floor, Washington 
DC 20005-3960 
United States 
To the Parent and TFS  
as to Japanese law 
Baker & McKenzie 
(Gaikokuho Joint 
Enterprise) 
Ark Hills Sengokuyama Mori 
Tower 
9-10, Roppongi 1-chome 
Minato-ku 
Tokyo 106-0032 
Japan 
To the Dealers 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
To Toyota Motor Finance 
(Netherlands) B.V. 
Ernst & Young Accountants 
LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To Toyota Credit 
Canada Inc. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP 
PwC Tower 
18 York Street 
Suite 2600 
Toronto 
Ontario M5J 0B2 
Canada 
To Toyota Finance 
Australia Limited 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One International Towers 
Sydney, Watermans Quay 
Barangaroo NSW 2000 
Australia 
To Toyota Motor 
Credit Corporation 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP 
2121 North Pearl Street 
Suite 2000 
Dallas 
Texas 75201 
United States 
 
 
 
To the Parent 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLC 
Otemachi Park Building 
1-1-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku 
Tokyo 100-0004 
Japan 
 
ARRANGER 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2, D02 T380 
Ireland