--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
TRAFIGURA FUNDING S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Guaranteed by 
Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Singapore) 
Trafigura Trading LLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in Delaware) 
and 
Trafigura Pte Ltd 
(incorporated with limited liability in Singapore) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantors or the quality of the securities that are subject to this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investment in the securities. Application has been 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for notes (the "Notes") issued under this Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List (the 
"Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA").  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes are issued by Trafigura Funding S.A. (the "Issuer") and are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and 
several basis by each of Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd., Trafigura Trading LLC and Trafigura Pte Ltd (each, a "Guarantor" and together, 
the "Guarantors"). 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu in right of payment with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. The Notes are unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Guarantors. The guarantee of the Notes 
(the "Guarantee") will rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantors, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
ING 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
ING 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
 
10 May 2023

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer and each Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any Final Terms and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of 
its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms and subject to the conditions set out 
herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific 
to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche 
(the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below 
that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions 
or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; 
that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the 
Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Market data and certain industry forecasts used throughout this Base Prospectus have been obtained from 
internal surveys, market research and publicly available information and industry publications. Industry 
publications generally state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed 
to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of that information is not guaranteed. Similarly, 
internal surveys, industry forecasts and market research, while believed to be reliable, have not been 
independently verified, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers make any representation as to 
the accuracy of that information. 
Substantially all the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the position of the Group 
vis-à-vis its competitors is based on internal analysis derived from publicly available information. The 
Group believes that these sources and estimates are reliable, but the Group and the Dealers have not 
independently verified them. Any discussion of matters in this Base Prospectus relating to competitive 
position is, therefore, subject to uncertainty due to concerns about the completeness or reliability of 
available official and public information. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any 
acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
 
connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial 
or trading position of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and may 
not be offered or sold in the United States other than pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Notes may also be subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No.

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001" (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). 
Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the 
purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms or the Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes, all Notes 
issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In addition to the financial performance measures established by International Financial Reporting 
Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS"), this Base Prospectus 
contains certain financial measures that are presented for the purpose of assisting securities analysts, 
investors and other interested parties in understanding the Group's financial performance. The relevant 
metrics are identified as Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the Guidelines 
on Alternative Performance Measures issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority and are 
accompanied by an explanation of each metric, see "Key Performance Indicators" on pages 195 to 199. 
Such measures should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS. 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each of the risks highlighted in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Risk Factors" could adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights of investors under any Notes and, as a result, investors

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
 
could lose some or all of their investment. Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in the Notes, which are complex financial instruments, unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified: 
• 
references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area, 
references to "EUR" and "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "U.S.$", 
"USD", "U.S. dollars" and "dollars" are to United States dollars and references to "sterling", 
"Pound Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
• 
references herein to "billions" are to thousands of millions; and 
• 
references herein to the "Group" or "Trafigura" are to Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
 
 
CONTENTS  
 
Page 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 5 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 31 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ...................................................................... 33 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 37 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 90 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 101 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 103 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP........................................................................................................ 104 
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS ............................................................................................... 195 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 200 
DESCRIPTION OF TRAFIGURA TRADING LLC............................................................................. 202 
DESCRIPTION OF TRAFIGURA PTE LTD ....................................................................................... 203 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 204 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 208 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 218

--- Page 8 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this 
Base Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and 
expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview unless 
otherwise defined herein. 
Issuer: 
Trafigura Funding S.A. 
 
Guarantors: 
Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. ("TGPL" or the "Company"), 
Trafigura Trading LLC ("TTL") and Trafigura Pte Ltd 
("TPTE"). 
 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Dealers: 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited, 
Credit 
Suisse 
International, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, ING Bank 
N.V., Société Générale and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer and the Guarantors either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, or any successor trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Trust Deed (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated) from time to time. 
 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, or any successor principal 
paying agent appointed pursuant to the Paying Agency 
Agreement (as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated) from time to time. 
 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited. 
 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms 
or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will 
be the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Notes to be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together 
with Euroclear, the "ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
and guaranteed at any one time. The Issuer may increase the

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one 
or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes 
of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of 
interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. The 
Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms 
in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of 
different denominations. 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will 
be applied by the Group for general corporate purposes. 
 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, 
a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars or in any 
other currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.  
 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
each Guarantor, on an unsubordinated and joint and several 
basis. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and 
be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes will be redeemable at par. 
 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons, as 
described 
in 
Condition 
9(b) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons), or if the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes of the relevant Series 
is less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
such Series, as described in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption in the case of Minimal Outstanding 
Amount). 
 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
 
Denominations: 
Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which is a regulated market situated or operating in a 
Member State and/or offered to the public in any Member 
State, in each case in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
may not have a minimum denomination of less than EUR  
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). Subject 
thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantors will be made free 
and clear of withholding taxes of Luxembourg and 
Singapore, as the case may be, unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the relevant Guarantor will (subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments) and Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Substitution: 
The Trustee shall, in certain circumstances without the 
consent of the Noteholders, agree to the substitution of the 
Issuer or any Guarantor as described in Condition 16(c) 
(Substitution). 
 
Governing Law: 
English law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Australia, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, 
Hong Kong, the Republic of Italy, Japan, Jersey, Korea, the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Norway, the 
People's Republic of China, the Republic of China (Taiwan), 
Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) and 
Dubai International Financial Centre, see "Subscription and 
Sale".

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors and the industry or industries in which each of them operates together 
with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors 
described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuer and the Guarantors that are not currently known to the Issuer or the Guarantors, or that any of 
them currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on 
the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors 
and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part 
of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for 
them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances.  
The risk classifications below are for ease of reference only. Some risks (although listed under the heading 
of a certain risk classification) may in fact involve different categories. Investors should not rely on the 
headings to classify the relevant risks and should read each risk factor carefully. 
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS 
1. Financial Market and Economic Risks  
Trafigura is exposed to declines in the current and expected volumes of supply or demand for 
commodities, to commodity prices and to deterioration in economic and financial conditions. 
The current and expected volumes of supply and demand for the commodities in which Trafigura is active 
vary over time based on changes in resource availability, government policies and regulation, costs of 
production, global, regional and national economic conditions, demand in end markets for products in 
which the commodities are used, technological developments, including commodity substitutions, 
fluctuations in global production capacity, global and regional weather conditions and natural disasters 
including, earthquake, tsunami, hurricanes, wildfire, drought, and flooding, all of which impact global 
markets and demand for commodities. Furthermore, changes in current and expected supply and demand 
conditions impact the current and expected future prices (and thus the price curve) of each commodity. 
Declines in the volume of each commodity produced or traded by Trafigura, as well as declines in the price 
of commodities, could materially adversely impact Trafigura's business, results of operations and earnings. 
These declines could result in a reduction in the average trading unit margin achieved in respect of the 
volumes handled by Trafigura's trading activities, or a reduction in the volume and/or margin in respect of 
commodities produced by Trafigura's industrial assets. 
Sustained increases in the price of commodities may require higher levels of working capital to be put in 
place in order to finance Trafigura's trading activities. Although Trafigura expects the continued support of 
financial institutions, there can be no assurance that additional credit or funding will be made available to 
Trafigura in the abovementioned circumstances or that the cost of such funding will not have a negative 
impact on the profitability of its trading activities. See "Liquidity risk and a failure to obtain funds could 
limit Trafigura's ability to engage in desired activities and grow its business." 
In addition, a decline in economic and financial conditions globally or in a specific country, region or sector 
may have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, results of operations or earnings. For example, 
although most commodities' fixed pricing periods are relatively short, a significant rapid reduction or 
increase in commodity prices could result in customers or suppliers, as the case may be, being unwilling or 
unable to honour their contractual commitments to purchase or sell commodities on pre-agreed pricing 
terms. In addition, a tightening of available credit may make it more difficult for Trafigura to obtain, or 
may increase the cost of obtaining, financing for its trading activities and capital expenditures at its 
industrial assets.

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Liquidity risk and a failure to obtain funds could limit Trafigura's ability to engage in desired activities 
and grow its business. 
Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential to Trafigura's business. Liquidity risk is the risk that 
Trafigura is unable to meet its payment obligations when due, or that it is unable, on an ongoing basis, to 
borrow funds in the market on an unsecured or secured basis at an acceptable price to fund actual or 
proposed commitments. A lack of liquidity may mean that Trafigura will not have funds available to 
maintain or increase its trading activities, meet margin requirements, grow its industrial activities as planned 
or take advantage of other opportunities that may arise in its trading or industrial activities. 
 
Trafigura's trading activities employ significant amounts of working capital to fund purchases of 
commodities for future delivery to Trafigura's end customers, to meet margin requirements under derivative 
contracts and to fund the acquisition and maintenance of certain transport and storage assets which 
complement its trading activities. Continued funding of and access to working capital is critical for 
Trafigura to maintain its historic levels of trading activity and increase such levels in the future. Trafigura's 
industrial activities are also capital intensive and the continued funding of such activities is critical for 
Trafigura to maintain its ownership interests in its industrial assets, to maintain production levels in periods 
when net operating cash flow is negative or insufficient to cover capital expenditures, to develop its 
activities or increase production levels in the future in accordance with its business plan and to grow its 
industrial activities through the acquisition of new assets. Prudent liquidity risk management requires 
Trafigura to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents through the accumulation of retained earnings 
and to have ready sources of committed funding available to meet anticipated and unanticipated funding 
needs. While Trafigura adjusts its minimum internal liquidity targets in response to changes in market 
conditions, its liquidity may be impaired due to circumstances it is unable to control, such as general market 
disruptions, increases in the prices of commodities or an operational problem that affects its suppliers or 
customers or Trafigura itself. 
 
For Trafigura, a significant liquidity risk stems from the possibility of margin calls related to hedging 
products, due to the high volatility of market prices. Depending on the fluctuation of the commodity price 
subject to the hedging arrangement, margin postings or margin returns may occur. In the event a margin 
call is made, the underlying physical contract for commodities will make a higher profit, and a higher level 
of margin would be required to be paid by Trafigura. An increase in commodity prices could result in a 
need for significant margin calls and a need for cash flow. Extreme volatility, in particular after the outbreak 
of war in Ukraine (see "Trafigura is exposed to geopolitical risk"), resulted in elevated margin calls and 
tighter position limits that made hedging activity more expensive and in some cases constrained access to 
commodities futures markets. The lack of debt available in the commodities futures markets looks set to 
continue to be a challenge for the industry, as reduced access to derivatives for all participants in turn puts 
pressure on the ability to move physical commodities and Trafigura anticipates that this will be affected by 
continued geo-political turbulence and a more challenging macro-economic outcome in many of 
Trafigura’s key markets.  
 
In addition to maintaining a cash position, Trafigura relies on two other principal sources of liquidity: (i) 
borrowings under various short-term and long-term bank and asset-backed facilities and (ii) issuance of 
notes in the debt capital markets. An inability to raise money in the long-term and short-term debt markets 
could have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's liquidity. Trafigura's access to debt in amounts adequate 
to finance its activities could be impaired by factors that affect Trafigura in particular or the industries or 
geographies in which it operates. For example, lenders could develop a negative perception of Trafigura's 
short-term or long-term financial prospects if Trafigura incurred large losses, if the level of its trading 
activities were to materially decrease due to a market downturn in the demand for commodities, or if its 
business was otherwise materially adversely affected. Lenders could also develop a negative perception of 
the commodities trading industry if, for example, a competitor suffers from financial difficulties. Although 
Trafigura expects the continued support of financial institutions, there can be no assurance that additional 
credit or funding will be made available in the future. 
 
Future debt financing, if accessible, may result in increased borrowing costs, increased financial leverage, 
decreased income available to fund further acquisitions and expansions and the imposition of restrictive 
covenants on Trafigura's businesses and operations. In addition, future debt financing may limit Trafigura's 
ability to withstand competitive pressures and render its businesses more vulnerable to economic downturns 
by exposing it to volatile interest rates, tighter credit markets and potentially reduced access to funding that 
may be needed to take advantage of future business opportunities.

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Trafigura is exposed to geopolitical risk. 
Trafigura operates and owns assets in a large number of geographic regions and countries and, as a result, 
is exposed to a wide range of political, regulatory and tax environments. These environments are subject to 
change in a manner that may be materially adverse for Trafigura, including changes to government policies 
and regulations governing industrial production, foreign investments, price controls, export controls, tariffs, 
income and other forms of taxation (including policies relating to the granting of advance rulings on 
taxation matters), nationalisation or expropriation of property, repatriation of income, royalties, the 
environment and health and safety. 
Many of the commodities that Trafigura sources and markets are considered strategic resources for 
particular countries. Governments in these countries may decide not to recognise previous arrangements if 
they regard them as no longer being in the national interest. Governments may also implement export 
controls on commodities regarded by them as strategic (such as oil) or place restrictions on foreign 
ownership of industrial assets or other assets considered strategic resources. Renegotiation or nullification 
of existing agreements, leases, permits or tax rulings, changes in fiscal policies (including new or increased 
taxes or royalty rates or the implementation of a windfall tax) and currency restrictions imposed by the 
governments of countries in which Trafigura operates could have a material adverse effect on Trafigura. 
Trafigura's operations may also be affected by political and economic instability in some of the countries 
in which it operates. Such instability could be caused by, among other things, terrorism, civil war, guerrilla 
activities, military repression, civil disorder, crime, workforce instability, change in government policy or 
the ruling party, economic or other sanctions imposed by other countries, extreme fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates or high inflation. 
On 24 February 2022, the Russian military launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, and sustained 
disruption in the region continues to take place. As a result of the invasion, the United States, the European 
Union, Switzerland and the United Kingdom have imposed export-control measure packages and sanctions 
against the Russian government, various companies, and certain individuals. The uncertain nature, extent 
and duration of Russia’s war in Ukraine and actions taken by the United States, the European Union and 
other states and multinational organisations in response thereto, including, amongst other things, the 
potential effects of sanctions, export-control measures, travel bans and asset seizures, as well as any Russian 
retaliatory actions, including, amongst other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports and cyber-attacks, 
on the world economy and markets, have contributed and are expected to continue to contribute to increased 
market volatility and uncertainty. Uncertainty regarding global supply of commodities due to the 
Russia/Ukraine invasion has disrupted global trade flows, most notably in the energy markets, and placed 
significant upwards pressure on commodity prices and input costs as seen in 2022. Given the importance 
of Russian/Ukrainian supply to a number of key commodities, including oil, natural gas, coal, aluminium 
and nickel, price volatilities in all of these commodities spiked in 2022 as buyers struggled to find 
alternative sources of supply. Applicable sanctions are also significantly impacting traditional commodity 
trade flows. There remains a risk that global commodity trade flows will need to adapt to some or all of 
Russian/Ukrainian supply continuing to be unavailable, whether due to infrastructure damage, sanctions or 
ethical concerns. Such geopolitical risks may have a material adverse impact on macroeconomic factors 
which affect Trafigura’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. 
Trafigura ceased all trading of crude oil with sanctioned Russian organisations in advance of the European 
Union and Swiss sanctions which took effect on 15 May 2022, and will continue to comply in full with all 
applicable subsequent sanctions packages. Trafigura also immediately froze its investments in Russia and 
on 12 July 2022 completed the disposal of its ten per. cent. non-operational, passive shareholding in Vostok 
Oil, including the associated non-recourse debt. 
International trade disputes could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that could adversely 
affect Trafigura's business. Tariffs could increase the cost of the commodities that Trafigura trades. Tariffs 
could also make commodities more expensive for customers, which could reduce demand from customers 
and consumers. In the United States, the current administration has publicly supported, and in some 
instances has already proposed or taken action with respect to, significant changes to certain trade policies, 
including import tariffs and quotas, modifications to international trade policy, the withdrawal from or 
renegotiation of certain trade agreements and other changes that may affect international trade relations, 
any of which may require Trafigura to significantly modify Trafigura's current business practices or may 
otherwise materially and adversely affect Trafigura's business. Such changes could also result in retaliatory 
actions by United States' trade partners. For example, in 2018, the United States imposed tariffs and

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
proposed quotas on aluminium imports to the United States. These actions and the possibility of trade 
conflicts stemming from these actions could negatively impact global trade and economic conditions in 
many of the regions where Trafigura does business. Countries may also adopt other protectionist measures 
that could limit Trafigura's ability to trade or reduce the viability of Trafigura's mining operations, which 
could have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business.  
The geopolitical risks associated with operating in a large number of regions and countries, if realised, 
could affect Trafigura's ability to manage or retain interests in its industrial activities and could have a 
material adverse effect on the profitability, ability to finance or, in extreme cases, viability of one or more 
of its industrial assets. 
Trafigura has significant outstanding indebtedness. 
Trafigura has a significant amount of indebtedness, which could potentially impair its operating and 
financial flexibility and could adversely affect its business and financial position. A high level of 
indebtedness could potentially require Trafigura to use a substantial portion of cash flow from operations 
to service its debt, which could reduce the funds available for capital expenditure, acquisitions and other 
general corporate purposes. This could also potentially limit Trafigura's ability to borrow additional funds 
and increase its vulnerability to adverse economic conditions. 
Trafigura's financial performance is exposed to the level of treatment charges. 
Due to the acquisition of Nyrstar and the subsequent integration of Nyrstar into the Group, Trafigura is 
exposed to additional risks related to commodity prices. Nyrstar's profitability, and consequently 
Trafigura’s profitability, is highly sensitive to the market price of zinc and lead (which determines the 
amount of value available to be shared between the miner and the smelter) and treatment charges ("TCs") 
(which determine how that value is shared between the miner and the smelter). The market price of zinc 
and lead impacts both (i) the TC contribution and (ii) the contribution of refined metals produced and sold 
over and above the metal content paid for in concentrates purchased from the miner ("free metal"), in each 
case, impacting Nyrstar's revenues. TC levels and the amount of free metal available each has a significant 
impact on Nyrstar's financial performance given that Nyrstar's revenues are mainly generated from smelting 
activities. In addition, Nyrstar's results are impacted by the prices of copper, silver, gold and other metals. 
The prices of zinc, lead, copper, silver, gold and other metals have historically been subject to fluctuations 
in response to market forces. Factors largely beyond Nyrstar's control, such as the cyclicality of 
consumption, actual or perceived changes in levels of supply and demand, the availability and cost of 
substitute materials, inventory levels maintained by producers, trading on the metals market and exchange 
rates, all influence metal prices. In addition, Nyrstar's results remain closely linked to the levels of TCs that 
it charges zinc miners to refine their zinc concentrates and lead miners to refine their lead concentrates. 
TCs are, in effect, paid by the miner to the smelter in the form of a concession (or deduction) on the price 
of the zinc or lead concentrates that the miner sells to the smelter. A decrease in TCs can be expected to 
have a material adverse effect on Nyrstar's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
TCs are subject to fluctuations based on the supply and demand dynamics of the global zinc, lead or copper 
concentrate market. TCs are typically negotiated annually between individual miners and smelters in view 
of the anticipated supply and demand of concentrates and the likely metal price; a "benchmark" level of 
TCs is typically set in the first or the second quarter of each year. When supplies of concentrates (i.e., the 
mines' output) exceed available smelting capacity utilisation, there typically is a positive impact on the TCs 
realised by the smelters, and the smelters are able to obtain a larger portion of the value of the contained 
metal. Conversely, when supplies of concentrates are less than available smelting capacity utilisation, there 
usually is a negative impact on the TCs for smelters, and a greater share of the metal value is retained by 
miners. Depending on timing and overall circumstances, an increase in smelting capacity utilisation, 
particularly in regions like China where production costs are lower compared to operations in more mature 
regions, could therefore significantly and adversely affect TCs. The impact of TC levels on Nyrstar’s 
revenues is expected to further decrease in the future in line with the completion of the Port Pirie 
Redevelopment. 
 
Trafigura is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates. 
The significant majority of transactions undertaken by both Trafigura's trading and industrial activities are 
denominated in U.S. dollars. However, Trafigura is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates:

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
• 
through its industrial activities, because a large proportion of the operating costs of these assets 
are denominated in the currency of the country in which each asset is located; 
• 
through the costs of Trafigura's global office network, which are denominated largely in the 
currency of the country in which each office is located, the largest of such currency exposures 
being to the Swiss Franc, the Pound Sterling, the Singapore Dollar and the Euro; and 
• 
through its trading activities, although only a small minority of purchase or sale transactions are 
denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. 
The reporting currency and the functional currency of the majority of Trafigura's operations is the U.S. 
dollar, as this is assessed to be the principal currency of the economic environment in which Trafigura 
operates. The exchange rates between relevant local currencies and the U.S. dollar have historically 
fluctuated, and the translation effect of such fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's 
consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
Trafigura's exposure to changes in interest rates results from investing and borrowing activities undertaken 
to manage its liquidity and capital requirements. Substantially all of Trafigura's borrowings, other than its 
fixed-rate bonds, bear interest at floating rates. The current high interest rate environment has resulted in 
an increase in interest rates which has resulted in an increase in the cost of servicing Trafigura's 
indebtedness, which may adversely affect Trafigura's financial results. Although borrowing costs are taken 
into account when setting transaction terms, there is no assurance that increased financing costs can be 
passed on to customers and/or suppliers. Trafigura may elect in the future to enter into interest rate swaps 
to convert some or all of its floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt or enter into fixed-rate to floating-rate 
swaps. There can be no assurance that Trafigura will not be materially adversely affected by interest rate 
changes in the future. 
COVID-19 Pandemic and Possible Similar Future Outbreaks 
The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 has adversely affected the global economy and has resulted in 
significant volatility in financial markets and the prices of and the demand for the commodities that the 
Group trades. Government measures taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other indirect 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on global economic activity, resulted in some degree of global economic 
downturn and demand shocks for the Group’s commodities. The pandemic has caused various emergency 
measures being applied by various countries around the world and brought along substantial volatility in 
financial markets globally. The response to the pandemic has varied by jurisdiction, with governments 
imposing different requirements.  
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any possible future outbreaks of viruses may have a significant 
adverse effect on the Group. Firstly, a spread of such diseases amongst the employees of the Group, as 
well any quarantines affecting the employees of the Group or the Group’s facilities, may reduce the 
possibility of the Group’s personnel to carry out their work and thereby affect the Group’s operations. In 
addition, if personnel are required to work remotely during the pandemic, this increases the Group’s 
exposure to cyber related risks. 
Secondly, the current pandemic and any possible future outbreaks of viruses may have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s suppliers or other counterparties, interfering with the ability of Trafigura’s suppliers to 
manufacture the products it buys and the ability to transport commodities across borders. Thirdly, any 
quarantines or spread of viruses may affect the possibility of the customers of the Group to carry out their 
work, which may adversely affect the possibility to sell the Group’s products to end-consumers. The Group 
has and continues to actively assess and respond, where possible, to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
on employees, customers, suppliers and service providers, and evaluating governmental actions being 
taken to curtail its spread.  
The impact of COVID-19 in emerging market countries where Trafigura operates may also be greater due 
to generally less established healthcare systems. Further, public health crises caused by the COVID-19 
outbreak may exacerbate other pre-existing political, social and economic risks in certain countries or 
globally. 
Further to the above, the Group may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effect of the 
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any possible future outbreaks. While the final effects of the COVID-19

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
pandemic remain uncertain, it is likely that it will continue to have substantial negative effect on the 
economies where the Group operates. Any negative effect on such economies may decrease incomes of 
the end-customers of the Group and the demand for the Group’s products. Such effects may also result in 
the insolvency of the Group’s business partners, which could affect the operations of the Group, as well as 
its financial standing. While to date, the Group has successfully navigated any significant negative impact 
from the COVID-19 pandemic, depending on its duration and severity, the pandemic may also have the 
effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this document, such as risks relating to the 
successful completion of expansion projects, the Group’s ability to maintain adequate internal controls in 
the event that employees are restricted from accessing offices for a significant period of time; restricted 
access to capital and increased borrowing costs; and complying with the covenants contained in the 
agreements that govern its existing indebtedness.  
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s businesses going forward will depend on a range 
of factors which it is not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, the 
evolution and spread of variants, the geographies impacted, the impact of the pandemic on economic 
activity and the nature and severity of measures adopted by governments, the effectiveness and timing of 
vaccine programmes.  
The Group may continue to experience material adverse impacts to its businesses as a result of the global 
economic impact of COVID-19, including related recessions, as well as lingering effects on demand for or 
oversupply of its products, suppliers, third-party service providers and/or customers. Further, the market 
disruption and volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has increased the complexity of determining 
the value of the Group’s assets.  Lastly, the price of the Group’s securities and the possibility of the Group 
to acquire further financing may be adversely affected. Any of the factors above could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s profits and financial position, and thereby affect the Group’s ability to make the 
payments under the Notes. 
2. Industry and Business Risks 
The success of Trafigura's trading activities depends in part on its ability to identify and take advantage 
of arbitrage opportunities. 
Many of the commodity markets in which Trafigura operates are fragmented and periodically volatile. As 
a result, discrepancies generally arise in respect of the prices at which the commodities can be bought or 
sold in different forms, geographic locations or time periods, taking into account the numerous relevant 
pricing factors, including freight and product quality. These pricing discrepancies can present Trafigura 
with arbitrage opportunities whereby Trafigura is able to generate profit by sourcing, transporting, blending, 
storing or processing the relevant commodities. 
Trafigura's profitability is, in large part, dependent on its ability to identify and exploit such arbitrage 
opportunities. A lack of such opportunities, for example due to a prolonged period of pricing stability in a 
particular market, or an inability to take advantage of such opportunities when they present themselves, 
because of, for example, a shortage of liquidity or an inability to access required logistics assets or other 
operational constraints, could adversely impact Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The commodities industry is competitive and Trafigura may have difficulty effectively competing with 
other commodity trading and industrial companies. 
Trafigura faces strong competition in each of its business segments. In addition, some of these competitors 
or existing producers may, in the future, use their resources to broaden into all of the markets in which 
Trafigura operates and therefore compete further against Trafigura. These competitors may also expand 
and diversify their commodity sourcing, processing or trading operations, or engage in pricing or other 
financial or operational practices that could increase competitive pressure on Trafigura across each of its 
business segments. Increased competition may result in losses of market share for Trafigura and could 
materially adversely affect Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Trafigura is exposed to counterparty risk in its trading activities. 
Trafigura's trading and industrial activities are subject to non-performance risk by its suppliers, customers 
and hedging counterparties. For example:

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
• 
a significant rapid increase in commodity prices could result in suppliers being unwilling to honour 
their contractual commitments to sell commodities to Trafigura at pre-agreed prices; 
• 
a significant rapid reduction in commodity prices could result in customers being unwilling or 
unable to honour their contractual commitments to purchase commodities from Trafigura at pre-
agreed prices; 
• 
customers may take delivery of commodities from Trafigura and then find themselves unable to 
honour their payment obligations due to financial distress or any other reasons; and 
• 
hedging counterparties may find themselves unable to honour their contractual commitment due 
to financial distress or other reason. 
Trafigura seeks to reduce the risk of customer non-performance by requiring credit support from 
creditworthy financial institutions, where appropriate, and by imposing limits on open accounts extended. 
In addition, mark-to-market exposures in relation to hedging contracts are regularly and substantially 
collateralised (primarily with cash) pursuant to margining arrangements in place with such hedge 
counterparts. However, no assurance can be given that Trafigura's attempts to reduce the risk of customer 
non-performance will be successful in every instance or that its financial results will not be adversely 
affected by the failure of a counterparty or counterparties to fulfil their contractual obligations in the future. 
Such failure could have an adverse impact on Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial 
condition, including by creating an unintended, unmatched commodity price exposure. 
Trafigura's risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective. 
Trafigura has devoted significant resources to developing and implementing policies and procedures to 
manage commodity price, foreign exchange, interest rate, counterparty (include credit), operational and 
regulatory risks, and expects to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, Trafigura's policies and 
procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. 
Some of Trafigura's methods of monitoring and managing risk are based on historical market behaviour 
that may not be an accurate predictor of future market behaviour. Other risk management methods depend 
on evaluation of information relating to markets, suppliers, customers and other matters that are publicly 
available or otherwise accessible by Trafigura. This information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, 
up to date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among 
other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and 
events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective in doing so. Trafigura uses, among 
other techniques, value-at-risk ("VaR") as a key risk measurement technique for its trading activities. VaR 
does not purport to represent actual gains or losses in fair value on earnings to be incurred by Trafigura, 
nor does Trafigura expect that VaR results are indicative of future market movements or representative of 
any actual impact on its future results. Failure to mitigate all risks associated with Trafigura's business could 
have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Derivative markets and hedging instruments may not always be available to Trafigura.  
Derivative markets are used by Trafigura to manage price risks from physical commodities and Trafigura 
hedges its price risk exposure against its positions in physical transactions to ensure exposure to movements 
in spot prices and forward prices is reduced. Access to derivative markets was affected by volatile market 
conditions in the first half of 2022, and accessing these markets became expensive as a result of exchanges 
and clearing brokers significantly increasing margins – or cash deposits - required for transactions resulting 
in a shortage of liquidity. Although Trafigura is well placed to withstand such market volatility, it is still 
affected by reduced market participation.  Liquidity in derivatives markets remains reduced compared to 
pre-pandemic levels and therefore affects Trafigura’s ability to offset price risks associated with physical 
commodities. If Trafigura does not engage in effective hedging against declines in commodity prices, its 
business and results of operations could be impacted by volatility in commodity prices. 
Trafigura's hedging strategy may not always be effective. 
Trafigura's trading activities involve a significant number of purchase and sale transactions across multiple 
commodities. In order for Trafigura to mitigate the risks in its trading activities related to commodity price 
fluctuations and potential losses, Trafigura has a policy, at any given time, of hedging all index price

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
exposure of its trading inventory not already contracted for sale at pre-determined prices through futures 
and swap commodity derivative contracts, either on commodities' exchanges or in the over the counter 
("OTC") market. A lack of debt available in the commodities futures market looks set to continue to be a 
challenge for the industry, as reduced access to derivatives for all participants in turn puts pressure on the 
ability to move physical commodities and Trafigura anticipates that this will be affected by continued geo-
political turbulence and a more challenging macro-economic outcome in many of Trafigura’s key markets. 
In the event of disruptions in the commodity exchanges or markets on which Trafigura engages in these 
hedging transactions, Trafigura's ability to manage commodity price risk may be adversely affected and 
this could in turn materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
In addition, Nyrstar continues to be exposed to the shape of the forward price curve for underlying metal 
prices. The volatility in the London Metal Exchange price creates differences between the average price 
Nyrstar pays for the contained metal and the price Nyrstar receives for it. Nyrstar engages in transactional 
hedging which means that it undertakes short-term hedging transactions to cover the timing risk between 
raw material purchases and sales of metal and to cover its exposure on fixed-price forward sales of metal 
to customers.  
 
Trafigura's trading and industrial activities involve operating risks and hazards, many of which are 
outside Trafigura's control. 
Trafigura's business is subject to numerous operating risks and hazards normally associated with the 
development and operation of natural resource or other industrial projects, many of which are beyond 
Trafigura's control. These operating risks and hazards include unanticipated variations in grade and other 
geological problems, seismic activity, climatic conditions such as flooding or drought, metallurgical and 
other processing problems, technical failures, unavailability of materials and equipment, industrial actions 
or disputes, industrial accidents, labour force disruptions, unanticipated transportation constraints, tribal 
action or political protests, environmental hazards, fire, explosions, vandalism and crime and other force 
majeure factors. These risks and hazards could result in damage to, or destruction of, properties, ships, 
storage facilities or production facilities, may cause production to be reduced or to cease at properties or 
production facilities, may result in personal injury or death, environmental damage, business interruption 
and legal liability, may result in actual production differing from estimates of production or may impede 
Trafigura's ability to deliver products on time to customers. 
Smelters, an important part of Nyrstar's operations, are especially vulnerable to interruptions, particularly 
where events cause a stoppage which necessitates a shutdown in operations. Stoppages in smelting, even if 
lasting only a few hours, can cause the contents of furnaces to solidify, resulting in a plant closure for a 
significant period and necessitating expensive repairs, any of which could adversely affect Nyrstar's 
business, results of operations or financial condition. 
The realisation of such operating risks and hazards and the costs associated with them could materially 
adversely affect Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition, including by requiring 
significant capital and operating expenditures to abate the risk or hazard, restore Trafigura or third party 
property, compensate third parties for any loss and/or pay fines or damages. 
Accidents at Trafigura's trading and industrial activities, logistics and storage facilities could result in 
injuries and fatalities. 
Any accidents or hazardous incidents causing personal injury, death or property or environmental damage 
at or to Trafigura's logistics and storage facilities, mines, concentrators, refineries or related facilities or 
surrounding areas may result in significant losses, interruptions in production, expensive litigation, 
imposition of penalties and sanctions or suspension or revocation of permits and licences. Risks associated 
with Trafigura's logistics and storage operations may include the risk of ruptures and spills from crude oil 
and other product carriers; spillage, leakage or seepage of solid materials or process water remaining after 
the extraction of metals and minerals from mined ore (tailings) or other hazardous substances found in 
storage or disposal facilities; and failure of tailings dams during the operating life of the mines or after 
closure. 
Risks associated with Trafigura's mining operations include, but are not limited to, flooding, underground 
fires and explosions (including those caused by flammable gas), cave-ins or ground falls, discharges of 
gases or toxic chemicals, sinkhole formation and ground subsidence.

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
If accidents occur in the future, Trafigura's business and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
Trafigura's assets are subject to environmental hazards through their shipping, transportation and 
storage activities, and through their mining and smelting activities. 
Where Trafigura holds or has interests in industrial activities, these assets are generally subject to 
environmental hazards as they involve the storage, disposal and transportation of hazardous materials. For 
example, Trafigura’s downstream distribution arm - Puma Energy Holdings Pte. Ltd. (together with its 
subsidiaries, the "Puma Energy Group", "Puma" and "Puma Energy") is a focused oil storage and 
distribution business and, in particular, it is responsible for the storage, transport and retail distribution of 
large quantities of oil products which by their nature present such potential environmental risks. Through 
Impala Holdings Limited (together with its subsidiaries, the "Impala Terminals Group"), Trafigura's bulk 
commodity terminals and warehousing business is responsible for extensive terminals, warehousing 
facilities and blending operations as well as the operation of a major deep water terminal, which similarly 
poses potential environmental hazards. Trafigura’s shipping group - Maritime Logistics Pte. Ltd. and 
bunker fuel supply and procurement joint venture - TFG Marine Pte. Ltd., provide shipping and freight 
services for the Group and for third‑party clients, which may also result in environmental risks.  
In addition, its mining activities are subject to environmental hazards through the processes and chemicals 
used in traditional extraction and production methods, environmental hazards may exist on Trafigura's 
owned or leased properties or at those of the industrial activities in which it holds an interest, or may be 
encountered while its products are in transit. Nyrstar faces additional environmental risks both through its 
mining operations as discussed below, but also in its smelting operations where the economics of such 
operations are reliant in part on the prices achievable for the marketable by-products of smelting. Nyrstar 
generates large quantities of by-products such as sulfur dioxide gas in its zinc and lead production process, 
as well as solid residues with zinc, lead, copper, silver, gold and other minor metal values. In order to 
maximise recovery of resource components, minimise emissions and comply with its environmental 
commitments, it processes these by-products into forms that facilitate further metals recovery or render 
them suitable for sale to external parties. 
Damage to refineries, bulk storage depots, offshore mooring systems or vessels carrying oil or to a facility 
where it is stored could lead to a spill, causing environmental damage with significant clean-up or 
remediation costs and legal costs. 
Trafigura, including through its acquisition of Nyrstar, also owns mining assets. The processes and 
chemicals used in traditional extraction and production methods in respect of such mining assets as well as 
the engineering design of its mining infrastructure (e.g. tailing dams) are subject to environmental hazards. 
In addition, the storage of tailings at Trafigura's industrial assets may present a risk to the environment, 
property and persons. There remains a risk of leakage from or failure of Trafigura's tailings dams, as well 
as theft and vandalism during the operating life of the assets or after closure. Trafigura may be liable for 
losses associated with environmental hazards, have its licences and permits withdrawn or suspended or may 
be forced to undertake extensive remedial clean-up action or to pay for government-ordered remedial clean-
up actions, even in cases where such hazards have been caused by any previous or subsequent owners or 
operators of the property, by any past or present owners of adjacent properties, by independent third party 
contractors providing services to Trafigura or by acts of vandalism by trespassers. Any such losses, 
withdrawals, suspensions, actions or payments may have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
Estimates of ore reserves are based on certain assumptions, and changes in such assumptions could 
lead to reported ore reserves being restated at a lower level. 
 
The value of Trafigura's mining activities is linked to its ore reserves. Trafigura's recoverable reserves 
decline as the commodities are extracted. These reserves represent the estimated quantities of minerals that 
the Group believes could be mined, processed, recovered and sold at prices sufficient to cover the estimated 
future total costs of production, remaining investment and anticipated additional capital expenditures. For 
as long as Trafigura continues to own its respective mining assets, its future profitability and operating 
margins depend partly upon its ability to access mineral reserves that have geological characteristics 
enabling mining at competitive costs either by conducting successful exploration and development 
activities or by acquiring properties containing economically recoverable reserves. Replacement reserves 
may not be available when required or, if available, may not be of a quality capable of being mined at costs 
comparable to existing mines. Trafigura's mining operations utilise the services of appropriately qualified

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
experts to ascertain and verify the quantum of reserves and resources including ore grade and other 
geological characteristics under relevant global standards for measurement of mineral resources. 
Resource and reserve information is based on engineering, economic and geological data assembled and 
analysed by third parties. Estimates as to both quantity and quality are periodically updated to reflect 
extraction of commodities and new drilling or other data received. There are numerous uncertainties 
inherent in estimating quantities and qualities of reserves and costs to mine, including many factors beyond 
Trafigura's and Nyrstar's control. Estimates of reserves necessarily depend upon a number of variable 
factors and assumptions, all of which may vary considerably from actual results. 
Further, mineral resource estimates are based on concentrations or occurrences of minerals that are judged 
to have reasonable prospects for economic extraction, but for which the economics of extraction cannot be 
assessed, whether because of insufficiency of geological information or lack of feasibility analysis, or for 
which economic extraction cannot be justified at the time of reporting. Consequently, mineral resources are 
of a higher risk and are less likely to be accurately estimated or recovered than mineral reserves. 
Assumptions that are valid at the time of estimation may change significantly when new information 
becomes available. This may, ultimately, result in the reserves or resources needing to be restated. Such 
changes in reserves or resources could also impact depreciation and amortisation rates, asset carrying values, 
deferred stripping calculations and provisions for close down, restoration and environmental clean-up costs. 
If the prices of the commodities produced by Trafigura and/or Nyrstar decrease, or if there are adverse 
changes in TCs, foreign exchange rates or other variables, certain of the Group's reserves which are 
currently classified as proved or probable may cease to be classified as recoverable as they become 
uneconomic to mine. In addition, changes in operating, capital or other costs may have the same effect by 
rendering certain mineral reserves or resources uneconomic to mine in the future. Should such reductions 
occur, further material write downs of its investment in mining properties or the discontinuation of 
development or production might be required, and there could be material delays in the development of 
new projects, increased net losses and reduced cash flow. 
 
Trafigura is subject to risks relating to the processing, storage and transportation of its commodities. 
Trafigura relies on a network of processing, transportation and storage facilities that are subject to numerous 
risks and hazards. If any of these risks materialise Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be materially adversely affected. 
Trafigura's processing and storage facilities, which include oil terminals, refineries, tank farms and ore 
processing plants, are subject to risks and hazards, including accidental environmental damage, technical 
failure, vandalism and terrorism. In addition, Trafigura also depends upon seaborne freight, rail, trucking, 
pipeline, overland conveyor and other systems to deliver its commodities to market. Disruption of these 
transport services due to weather-related problems, key equipment or infrastructure failures, strikes, 
maritime disaster or other events could temporarily impair Trafigura's ability to supply its commodities to 
its customers and thus could adversely affect Trafigura's operations. 
Transportation and storage of crude oil and oil products involves significant hazards that could result in 
fires, explosions, spills, maritime disaster and other unexpected or dangerous conditions. The occurrence 
of any of these events could result in a material adverse effect, either directly or indirectly, through resulting 
damages, claims and awards, remediation costs or negative publicity on Trafigura's business. 
In addition, the vessels Trafigura uses to transport its products may be exposed to a variety of natural 
calamities during operations, including violent storms, tidal waves, rogue waves and tsunamis. Any of these 
natural calamities could result in Trafigura's vessels grounding, sinking, or colliding with other vessels or 
property, or the loss of life. If one of the vessels suffers damage, in addition to the potential loss of its cargo, 
it would need to be repaired, and the costs relating to such losses or repairs may not be covered (either in 
part or in full) by the insurance policies that are in place. The costs of such repairs are unpredictable and 
could be substantial. In addition, vessels will require general repair and maintenance from time to time. The 
loss of earnings while the vessels are being repaired and repositioned, the cost of arranging for alternative 
transport, as well as the actual cost of such repairs, could adversely affect Trafigura's business and results 
of operations. Furthermore, the vessels Trafigura uses to transport its products may be exposed to piracy, 
terrorist attacks and other events beyond its control. These events could result in adverse effects to 
Trafigura's business as a result of seizure of its cargoes and disruption to its customers' or suppliers' 
business. While Trafigura has procured insurance for its operations against these types of risks, no insurance

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
can compensate for all potential losses and there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage Trafigura 
has will be adequate or that its insurers will pay a particular claim. As is the standard for policies of this 
type, Trafigura's insurance policies do not cover risks arising from damage caused by wear and tear to the 
vessels that it owns directly or through joint ventures. In the event of damage to, or the loss of, a vessel or 
vessels and/or their cargoes, lack of adequate insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on 
Trafigura's business and results of operations. 
Industrial activities are exposed to an increase in operating costs, including as a result of increased 
energy costs or shortages of equipment, spare parts and labour. 
In relation to Trafigura's industrial activities, Trafigura's main production expenses include transportation 
costs, personnel expenses, maintenance and repairs, raw materials, energy and contractor expenses. 
Increased costs could arise from a number of factors which are beyond Trafigura's control, including: (i) 
increased fuel costs as well as the costs of other consumables, electricity, transport or site contractors; or 
(ii) increased processing or storage costs for such commodities. 
In particular, electricity costs represent a very significant part of Nyrstar's production costs, especially in 
relation to the operation of smelters. Recent rises in energy prices are likely to significantly increase 
Nyrstar’s production costs and reduce its margins. Nyrstar attempts to limit its exposure to short term energy 
price fluctuations through forward purchases, long term contracts and participation in energy purchasing 
consortia. Further, Nyrstar is dependent on a limited number of suppliers for zinc and lead concentrates. 
Nyrstar is partially dependent on the supply of zinc and lead secondary feed materials. A disruption in 
supply could have a material adverse effect on Nyrstar's production levels and financial results. Unreliable 
energy supply at any of the mining and smelting operations requires appropriate emergency supply or will 
result in significant ramp up costs after a major power outage. 
Further, shortages of certain equipment, spare parts or specialised labour may increase the costs of 
Trafigura's mining operations as a result of equipment, spare parts or labour becoming more expensive due 
to increased demand and tight supply. Such shortages may also cause delays to, and quality issues in respect 
of, Trafigura's operations either as a result of equipment used in Trafigura's operations being temporarily 
unavailable or not being available at all or there being insufficient resources to operate equipment or 
maintain production at the optimum capacity. Any resulting increase in costs or production delays could 
have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Trafigura is reliant on third parties and non-controlled entities to source the majority of the commodities 
purchased by its trading operations. 
Trafigura purchases a minority portion of the physical commodities sold by its trading operations from its 
controlled industrial operations and associates. The remainder of the commodities sourced by its trading 
operations are purchased from third party suppliers or entities in which Trafigura may have a minority 
stake. Trafigura is exposed to both price and supply risks with respect to commodities sourced from third 
parties and entities in which it holds a minority stake, including joint ventures and non-controlled associated 
entities. The supply agreements between Trafigura and such third parties or non-controlled entities range 
from short-term spot contracts to multiple years in duration and have historically been renewed by Trafigura 
and the suppliers on commercially acceptable terms. However, in general, these companies have no 
obligation to renew their supply agreements. Trafigura may not be able to compel the relevant company to 
enter into or renew a supply agreement with it in cases where Trafigura does not own 100 per cent. of the 
company or where related party transaction minority shareholder approval requirements apply. Trafigura 
relies on these agreements to source some of its key commodities and any termination or failure to renew 
such agreements at the end of their terms could have an adverse effect on the Trafigura's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Any increases in Trafigura's purchase price relative to the price at which Trafigura trades a commodity 
could adversely affect Trafigura's margins. Trafigura's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects could be materially adversely impacted if it is unable to continue to source required volumes 
of commodities from its suppliers on reasonable terms or at all. 
Any disruptions in the supply of such products by factors such as weather and other natural disasters, 
insolvency or business failure of its third party suppliers, unexpected maintenance problems, damage to 
production sites, collapse of mines, labour disruptions and changes in laws and regulations could adversely 
affect Trafigura's margins. Trafigura's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
could be materially adversely impacted if it is unable to continue to source the required volumes of 
commodities from its third party suppliers on reasonable terms, without interruption, or at all. 
Trafigura's trading activities require access to significant amounts of freight, storage, infrastructure and 
logistics support and Trafigura is exposed to increases in the costs, and the availability, thereof. 
Trafigura's trading activities entail shipments of commodities in large quantities, often by ocean-going 
transport. Trafigura often competes with other producers, purchasers or traders of commodities or other 
products for limited storage and berthing facilities at ports and freight terminals, which can result in delays 
in loading or unloading Trafigura's products and expose Trafigura to significant delivery interruptions. 
Limitations or interruptions in rail, shipping or port capacity could impede Trafigura's ability to deliver its 
products on time. In addition, increases in the costs of freight could adversely affect Trafigura's business, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
Trafigura also requires significant storage capacity for its commodities, which it sources both through 
facilities in which Trafigura holds equity stakes and pursuant to rental agreements with, among others, oil 
terminals and tank farms and metal and other warehouses. Any decrease in Trafigura's ability to access its 
customary levels of capacity from these storage facilities or an increase in the price at which Trafigura can 
acquire storage capacity could have an adverse effect on Trafigura's business by forcing Trafigura to use 
storage facilities in less advantageous locations or at prices that make it less profitable for Trafigura to 
supply its customers. 
Trafigura is exposed to the risk of delays in or failure to develop planned expansions or new projects. 
Trafigura has some significant expansions planned for its existing operations and plans for certain new 
greenfield projects. Trafigura has undertaken certain expansion initiatives through the acquisition of various 
companies and the establishment of joint ventures, and as part of its strategy, Trafigura intends to continue 
pursuing a policy of measured expansion and development through asset acquisition. 
Any future upward revisions in estimated project costs, delays in completing planned expansions, cost 
overruns, suspension of current projects or other operational difficulties after commissioning may have a 
material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition, in turn 
requiring Trafigura to consider delaying discretionary expenditures, including capital expenditures, or 
suspending or altering the scope of one or more of its development projects. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that Trafigura will be able to effectively manage the risks arising 
from expansion of its operations. Trafigura's expansion initiatives involve numerous risks, including but 
not limited to, the financial costs of investment in machinery and equipment, construction of new facilities 
and working capital requirements. As part of the acquisition process, Trafigura conducts business, legal 
and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating material risks involved in any 
particular transaction. Despite Trafigura's efforts, Trafigura may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or 
evaluating all such risks. As a result, the intended advantages of any given acquisition may not be realised. 
If Trafigura fails to identify certain material risks from one or more acquisitions, its business, results of 
operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 
Trafigura's current systems, procedures and controls may need to be expanded and strengthened to support 
Trafigura's future operations. Any failure of Trafigura to effectively manage its expansion plans or 
expanded operations could have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business and results of operations. 
Once complete, the results of these projects could differ materially from those anticipated by Trafigura and 
Trafigura's significant capital expenditures related to these projects may not be offset by cash flows or other 
benefits from these projects in the timeframe anticipated by Trafigura or at all. 
From time to time, Trafigura considers the acquisition of complementary and synergistic businesses or 
assets. Business combinations entail a number of risks, including the ability of Trafigura to integrate 
effectively the businesses acquired with their existing operations (including the realisation of synergies, 
significant one-time write-offs or restructuring charges, difficulties in achieving optimal tax structures and 
unanticipated costs), problems with the retention of select personnel and issues arising from the co-
ordination of sales and marketing efforts All of these may be exacerbated by the diversion of the Directors' 
attention away from other ongoing business concerns. These risks are magnified in the case of a sizeable 
transaction. This is particularly the case if the target company operates in an area ancillary to the Group's

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
core business or substantially expands the Group's presence in a particular geographic or product market. 
While Trafigura believes it has the required expertise to manage the integration of such large new 
businesses or is able to identify, hire and retain the necessary additional expertise required, no assurance 
can be given that any significant acquisition will realise the positive results originally envisioned or that 
such an acquisition will be successfully integrated within the Group. 
In addition, although Trafigura does not currently have significant shares of the total market for 
commodities which it trades, further acquisitions to be made by Trafigura may be subject to certain 
approvals (for example, competition approvals) which may or may not be obtained. Trafigura may also be 
liable for the past acts, omissions or liabilities of companies or businesses it has acquired, which may be 
unforeseen or greater than anticipated at the time of the relevant acquisition. In addition, various factors 
could impact Trafigura's estimated synergies for potential acquisitions and have a material adverse impact 
on Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Additionally, Nyrstar's growth strategy relies in part on the ramp-up of the Port Pirie Redevelopment and 
the restart and ramp-up of the Myra Falls and the Middle Tennessee Mines respectively. Delay, technical 
issues or cost overruns in these projects could adversely impact the original business cases which justified 
these projects and impact Nyrstar's financial position. These risks are being carefully managed by a 
dedicated technical/project team in smelting (including external resources where needed) and mining 
segments. All investments leverage internal know-how, "off the shelf" technology or a different application 
of an existing technology. 
The success of Trafigura's acquisition and investment strategy depends on a number of factors, including: 
Trafigura's ability to identify suitable opportunities for investment or acquisition; whether Trafigura is able 
to complete an acquisition or investment agreement on terms that are satisfactory; the extent to which 
Trafigura is able to exercise control over the acquired company or business; the economic, business or other 
strategic objectives and goals of the acquired company or business compared to those of Trafigura; and 
Trafigura's ability to successfully integrate the acquired company or business with Trafigura's own 
business. 
In addition, there is no assurance that the initiatives undertaken will result in increased revenues or cost 
cutting or other synergies commensurate with the investment costs. If Trafigura is unable to do so or cannot 
manage its costs, its business and profitability will be adversely affected as Trafigura will not able to recover 
the costs of its investment. 
Trafigura holds some of its industrial assets through non-controlling stakes or joint ventures and 
strategic partnership arrangements. 
Trafigura does not fully control some of its industrial investments. Although Trafigura has sought to take 
steps to protect its industrial activities where it does not exercise control, the boards of these companies 
may: 
• 
have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or are opposed to those of 
Trafigura; 
• 
exercise veto rights or take shareholders' decisions so as to block actions that Trafigura believes 
to be in its best interests and/or in the best interests of all shareholders; 
• 
take action contrary to Trafigura's policies or objectives with respect to its investments or 
commercial arrangements; or 
• 
as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under 
any joint venture or other agreement, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance 
projects. 
Where projects and operations are controlled and managed by Trafigura's co-investors or where control is 
shared on an equal basis, Trafigura may provide expertise and advice, but it has limited or restricted ability 
to mandate compliance with Trafigura's policies and/or objectives. Trafigura may conduct business with 
these entities in which it has an economic interest; however, such business is conducted on an arm's length 
basis and in accordance with Trafigura's own policies and objectives. Nevertheless, such joint ventures may 
undertake business operations or make investment decisions which conflict with Trafigura's own businesses

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
to Trafigura's detriment. Moreover, improper management or ineffective policies, procedures or controls 
of a non-controlled entity could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition 
of the relevant investment and, therefore, of Trafigura. 
3. Regulatory, Legal and Other Risks 
Trafigura may be subject to the laws of various countries imposing sanctions for conducting business 
with certain persons. 
Certain countries in which Trafigura currently does business, or may consider doing business in the future, 
are or may become subject to various trade sanctions including, but not limited to sanctions administered 
by the United States Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and European Union, United 
Kingdom and United Nations sanctions programmes. While Trafigura employs dedicated resources to 
ensure that it is in compliance, there can be no assurance that Trafigura will not in the future, unintentionally, 
enter into transactions that breach these sanctions. In the event of any non-compliance with applicable 
sanctions, Trafigura may be subject to the imposition of significant fines, as well as negative publicity and 
reputational damage. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, 
results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
Due to the nature of its business and operations, Trafigura is exposed to the risks of fraud and corruption. 
As a diversified sourcing, trading and distribution company conducting complex transactions globally, 
Trafigura is exposed to the risks of fraud, corruption, sanctions breaches and other unlawful activities. 
Trafigura's trading operations are large in scale, which may make fraudulent, corrupt transactions, sanctions 
breaches, unlawful activities or accidental transactions difficult to detect. In addition, some of Trafigura's 
trading and industrial activities take place in countries where corruption is prevalent. 
In February 2023, Trafigura discovered a systematic fraud committed by a group of companies connected 
to and apparently controlled by Mr Prateek Gupta including TMT Metals and companies owned by UD 
Trading Group. Trafigura has commenced legal proceedings against Mr Gupta and the companies involved. 
The fraud involved containerised nickel in transit during 2022 and involved misrepresentation and 
presentation of a variety of false documentation. The fraud is believed to be isolated to one specific line of 
business. There is currently no evidence to suggest that anyone at Trafigura was involved or complicit in 
this illegal activity. The Group recorded a USD577 million charge in the first half of the financial year 2023 
for Trafigura Group Pte Ltd., estimated to be the maximum loss exposure related to this fraud.  
 
Trafigura seeks to comply fully with all applicable legislation such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices 
Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and any applicable sanctions and has put in place internal control policies and 
external diligence and compliance policies. However, there can be no assurance that such procedures and 
established internal controls will adequately protect it against fraudulent and/or corrupt activity and such 
activity could have an adverse effect on Trafigura's business, reputation, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. Trafigura could also be affected indirectly by the fraudulent actions of its 
competitors which affect the commodities industry as a whole, which may lead to reduced liquidity. See 
"Liquidity risk and a failure to obtain funds could limit Trafigura's ability to engage in desired activities 
and grow its business."  
The Group is subject to emissions and climate change regulations. 
The Group’s global presence exposes it to a number of jurisdictions in which regulations or laws have been 
or are being considered to limit or reduce emissions. The likely effect of these changes will be to increase 
the cost for oil and oil-related products, impose levies for emissions in excess of certain permitted levels 
and increase administrative costs for monitoring and reporting. Third parties, including potential or actual 
investors or debt providers, may also introduce policies adverse to the Group due to its activities related to 
oil and oil products. Increasingly, major global investors are demanding transition plans from utility 
companies consistent with the goals of the Paris Agreement under the UN Framework Convention on 
Climate Change, including explicit timelines and commitments. Over time, it is reasonable to assume that 
it may become difficult to access capital for certain of the Group’s businesses. 
The transition to a low-carbon economy and its associated public policy and regulatory developments may 
lead to:

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
• 
the imposition of new regulations and climate change related policies adverse to the 
Group’s interests in fossil fuels by actual or potential investors, customers and banks, 
potentially impacting the Group’s reputation, access to capital and financial performance; 
• 
import duties and carbon taxes in the Group’s customers’ markets which may potentially 
affect the Group’s access to those markets as well as commodities delivery costs; 
• 
increased costs for energy and for other resources which may impact the productivity of 
the Group’s assets and associated costs; 
• 
the imposition of levies related to greenhouse gas emissions; 
• 
increased costs for monitoring and reporting related to the Group’s carbon footprint; 
• 
reduced demand for the Group’s oil and oil-related products; or 
• 
impacts on the development or maintenance of the Group’s assets due to restrictions in 
operating permits, licenses or similar authorisations. 
 
Increasing regulation of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, including the progressive introduction of 
carbon emissions trading mechanisms and tighter emission reduction targets in numerous jurisdictions in 
which the Group operates, is likely to raise production, operating, shipping and other transportation and 
administrative costs and reduce demand growth. This includes countries where the Group has assets such 
as Australia, as well as customer markets such as China, South Korea, Japan, United States and Europe. 
Many developed countries are pledging to reduce reliance upon and/or to stop using certain fossil fuels. As 
a result of these factors, there is the risk that many fossil fuel assets, including those of the Group, could 
become no longer economically viable.  
 
Trafigura owns and operates industrial assets such as mining and smelting operations, oil storage and retail 
facilities, metals and minerals warehousing and logistics operations. The Group also owns, operates and 
charters a fleet of tanker, bulk carrier, and gas carrier vessels. While Trafigura has set clear and ambitious 
GHG reduction targets for each of its industrial assets in order to decarbonize its operational footprint as 
well as reduce the GHG emissions of its upstream suppliers, the results of its efforts, while promising, are 
still developing and no assurance can be given that those targets will be achieved. 
 
In addition, climate change may increase physical risks to the Group’s assets and related infrastructure, 
largely driven from extreme weather events and water related risks such as flooding or water scarcity. There 
has been a significant increase in litigation (including class actions), in which climate change and its impacts 
are a contributing or key consideration, including administrative law cases, tortious cases and claims 
brought by investors. In particular, a number of lawsuits have been brought against companies with fossil 
fuel operations in various jurisdictions seeking damages related to climate change. Any such developments 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Trafigura's reputation, including in the communities in which it operates, could deteriorate.  
If it is perceived that Trafigura is not respecting or advancing the economic and social progress and safety 
of the communities in which it operates, Trafigura's reputation and shareholder value could be damaged, 
which could have a negative impact on its "licences to operate", its ability to secure new resources and its 
financial performance. 
Some of Trafigura's current and potential trading and industrial activities are located in or near communities 
that may regard such operations as having a detrimental effect on their safety or environmental, economic 
or social circumstances. The consequences of negative community reaction could also have a material 
adverse impact on the cost, profitability, ability to finance or even the viability of an operation. Such events 
could lead to disputes with national or local governments or with local communities or any other 
stakeholders and give rise to material reputational damage. If Trafigura's operations are delayed or shut 
down as a result of political and community instability, its earnings may be constrained and the long-term 
value of its business could be adversely impacted. Even in cases where no action adverse to Trafigura is 
actually taken, the uncertainty associated with such political or community instability could negatively 
impact the perceived value of Trafigura's assets and industrial investments and, consequently, have a 
material adverse effect on Trafigura's financial condition. 
There is an increasing level of public concern relating to the effect of mining and smelting on adjacent 
surroundings and the environment. Certain non-governmental organisations are vocal critics of the 
industries in which Trafigura operates. In particular, Nyrstar has in the past been subject to adverse publicity 
relating to, among other things, environmental issues and incidents relating to operating equipment failures.

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
While the Group seeks to operate in a socially responsible manner, adverse publicity, including that 
generated by non-governmental organisations, related to extractive industries generally or the Group's 
operations specifically, could have an adverse effect on the Group's reputation or results of operations or 
its relationships with the communities in which it operates. 
 
Any change to Trafigura's ability to attract, retain and compensate key employees may impact its 
business. 
Trafigura operates within a private company structure and as an employee-owned company. Any significant 
organisational or cultural change could result in certain key employees, whether skilled traders, or 
otherwise, leaving the Group. There are a number of other reasons why such personnel may leave, for 
example, an employee may leave Trafigura to go to a competitor, to start their own business, to retire or for 
other reasons. 
Trafigura seeks to provide competitive compensation arrangements to retain and attract highly skilled 
personnel that are important to its business, including salaries and bonus and shareholding arrangements. 
While the Directors believe that Trafigura's current compensation arrangements are competitive and 
adequate to allow Trafigura to retain and attract the necessary calibre of employees, developments in the 
market or changes in internal culture may mean that these compensation payments may not be as effective 
as had been the case before and, as a result, Trafigura may need to change its compensation arrangements 
to make them more attractive to such employees which could be at an increased cost to Trafigura. The loss 
of any senior manager or other key personnel, as well as the inability to retain and/or attract new highly 
skilled personnel, could have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business. 
Trafigura is subject to a significant number of laws and regulations including extensive health, safety 
and environmental regulations and legislation.  
Trafigura's trading and industrial activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing various 
matters across multiple jurisdictions. These include laws and regulations relating to taxation, competition, 
environmental protection, management and use of hazardous substances and explosives, management of 
natural resources, licences over resources owned by various governments, exploration, development of 
projects, production and post-closure reclamation, the employment of expatriates, labour and occupational 
health and safety standards, and historic and cultural preservation. Additionally, in many of the developing 
countries where Trafigura operates, the legal systems may not be mature and legal practice may not be 
developed, such that, in certain cases, there may be significant uncertainty as to the correct legal position 
as well as the possibility of laws changing or new laws and regulations being enacted, which has the 
potential to increase risk and compliance costs. 
These laws and regulations may allow governmental authorities and private parties to bring lawsuits based 
upon damages to property and injury to persons resulting from the environmental, health and safety and 
other impacts of Trafigura's past and current operations, and could lead to the imposition of substantial 
fines, penalties, other civil or criminal sanctions, the curtailment or cessation of operations, orders to pay 
compensation, orders to remedy the effects of violations and/or orders to take preventative steps against 
possible future violations. Moreover, the costs associated with compliance with these laws and regulations 
are substantial. More stringent enforcement or restrictive interpretation of current laws and regulations by 
governmental authorities or rulings or clearances obtained from such governmental authorities could cause 
additional expenditure (including capital expenditure) to be incurred or impose restrictions on or 
suspensions of Trafigura's operations and delays in the development of its properties. 
Trafigura's subsidiaries and the companies in which Trafigura holds investments are generally required, 
under applicable laws and regulations, to seek governmental licences, permits, authorisations, concessions 
and other approvals in connection with their activities. Obtaining the necessary governmental permits can 
be a particularly complex and time-consuming process and may involve costly undertakings. The duration 
and success of permit applications are contingent on many factors, including those outside Trafigura's 
control. Failure to obtain or renew a necessary permit could mean that such companies would be unable to 
proceed with the development or continued operation of a storage facility, mine or project, which, in turn, 
may have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
In addition, the enactment of new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations 
(including, but not restricted to, environmental laws, the imposition of higher licence fees, mining and

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
hydrocarbon royalties or taxes, financial markets), compliance with which could be expensive or onerous, 
could also have a material adverse impact on Trafigura's ability to operate its business and/or the 
profitability of its industrial investments.  
The methods of transportation used by Trafigura's trading operations in order to deliver commodities to 
customers around the world depend heavily on fossil fuels. Increasing regulation of greenhouse gas 
emissions, including the progressive introduction of carbon emissions trading mechanisms and tighter 
emission reduction targets in numerous jurisdictions in which Trafigura operates is likely to raise energy 
costs and costs of production in the future. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions in the jurisdictions of 
Trafigura's major customers and in relation to international shipping could also have a material adverse 
effect on the demand for Trafigura's products. 
Moreover, numerous governmental permissions, approvals, licenses and leases are required for Trafigura's 
operations. These permissions, approvals, licenses and leases are subject, in certain circumstances or on the 
occurrence of certain events, to modification, renewal or revocation. Nyrstar is required to prepare and 
present to national, state or local authorities data pertaining to the anticipated effect or impact that any 
proposed exploration, mining or production activities may have upon the environment. Compliance with 
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations requires ongoing expenditure and considerable 
capital commitments. In addition, because many of Nyrstar's sites have been operating in their current 
capacity for relatively long periods of time, including during periods when environmental, health and safety 
laws and regulations were not as stringent as they are today, they may incur relatively high compliance 
costs. Furthermore, Nyrstar has operations in various jurisdictions, including the European Union and 
Australia, that may be subject to national, regional or local laws, regulations, taxes and policies aimed at 
limiting or reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The combined impact of direct and indirect greenhouse gas 
related costs across Nyrstar's business could have a material adverse effect on Nyrstar's business, results of 
operations or financial condition. Further, Nyrstar may be required to change operations, reduce production 
capacity or make additional investments or increase tax payments to adapt to new or amended 
environmental laws and regulations, which could also have a material adverse effect on Nyrstar's business, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
Furthermore, the regulations to which Trafigura is subject differ from one jurisdiction to the other, as may 
the implementation or interpretation of seemingly similar regulations. Moreover, these regulations are often 
highly complex and are subject to changes in both substance and interpretation. In particular, areas such as 
taxes (and especially VAT), export and import duties and quotas and environmental compliance are 
characterised by a high degree of complexity. Changes in investment policies or shifts in the prevailing 
political climate in any of the countries in which Trafigura operates, buys from or sells to, including through 
Nyrstar, could result in the introduction of increased government regulations, including embargos with 
respect to, among other things: 
• 
price controls; 
• 
export, import and throughput controls, duties, tariffs and quotas; 
• 
mining duties and royalties; 
• 
income, withholding, VAT and other taxes; 
• 
electricity and energy supply; 
• 
environmental legislation; 
• 
foreign ownership restrictions; 
• 
foreign exchange and currency controls; 
• 
financial, commercial or disclosure rules; 
• 
labour and welfare benefit policies; and 
• 
land and water use. 
 
A number of countries, including Australia, Canada, Brazil, China, India, Mexico and Russia are 
considering or have recently introduced or increased the level of duties they impose on the mining industry. 
While the recent duties imposed in Canada and Mexico have not been material, it is possible that any future 
changes could have a material adverse impact on Nyrstar's, operations. 
 
Trafigura is exposed to litigation risk. 
Trafigura conducts its operations globally in a wide variety of jurisdictions and may potentially face 
litigation in any of them, including governmental or regulatory investigations or class actions. Damages or

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
penalties claimed under any litigation are difficult to predict, and may be material. The legal infrastructure 
in certain of these jurisdictions may be less developed than in others and the legal process may be more 
uncertain or subject to extensive delay. 
While Trafigura will assess the merits of each lawsuit and defend itself accordingly, it may be required to 
incur significant expenses or devote significant resources to defending itself against such litigation and the 
conduct of such defence may be a distraction for senior management from the running of the business. In 
addition, adverse publicity surrounding such claims may have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The outcome of such litigation if 
adversely determined may materially impact Trafigura's business, results of operations or financial 
condition. 
Social, economic and other risks in the markets where Trafigura operates may cause disruptions to its 
business. 
Through the geographic diversity of its operations, Trafigura is exposed to risks of political or other civil 
unrest, strikes, war and economic and other forms of instability, such as natural disasters, epidemics, 
widespread transmission or communicable or infectious diseases, terrorist attacks and other events beyond 
its control that may adversely affect local economies, infrastructure and livelihoods. 
These events could result in disruption to Trafigura's, its customers' or suppliers' businesses and seizure of, 
or damage to, any of their cargoes or assets. Such events could also cause the destruction of key equipment 
and infrastructure (including infrastructure located at or serving Trafigura's industrial activities as well as 
the infrastructure that supports the freight and logistics required by Trafigura's trading operations). These 
events could also result in the partial or complete closure of particular ports or significant sea passages, 
such as the Suez or Panama canals or the Straits of Hormuz, potentially resulting in higher costs, 
congestions of ports or sea passages, vessel delays or cancellations on some trade routes. Any of these 
events could adversely impact Trafigura's business and results of operations. 
Trafigura is subject to risks relating to product safety and dangerous goods regulations. 
Products sold by Trafigura are in many cases covered by national and international product safety and 
dangerous goods regulations. In some instances, product safety regulations (for example, the European 
Union ("EU") chemicals legislation and EU regulation concerning the Registration, Evaluation, 
Authorisation & Restriction of Chemicals (REACH)) oblige manufacturers and importers to register their 
products and to regularly monitor and evaluate the risks and hazards of substances (chemicals, metals, etc.) 
to protect humans and the environment from harm during handling, storage and use. Any failure in 
complying with these obligations could result in a delay of Trafigura's product delivery, a loss of insurance 
coverage, business interruption on the customer side, administrative or criminal sanctions and, in the 
extreme, banning (temporarily) from a marketplace. Such events could have a material impact on the local 
or global demand, reducing Trafigura's trading opportunities for such a product, or at least increase the 
handling costs while shipping and placing the product in the market, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on Trafigura's reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Trafigura relies on its financial, accounting, trading and other data processing information systems to 
conduct its business. 
Trafigura's software applications for areas such as traffic, accounting and finance are primarily based on 
integrated standard components. Trafigura's key business processes rely on in-house developed modules 
and are regularly adapted to suit its business needs. Trafigura has duplicated data centres on the outskirts 
of London, with further data centres providing local services in Asia and in North America. If any of these 
systems does not operate properly or is disabled, Trafigura could suffer, among other things, financial loss, 
a disruption of its business, liability to its counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
The industries in which Trafigura operates are subject to a wide range of risks as described elsewhere 
in this section, not all of which can be covered, adequately or at all, by Trafigura's insurance programme. 
 
Trafigura has a broad insurance programme in place which provides coverage for operations at a level 
believed by the Directors to be appropriate for the associated risks. Such insurance protection is maintained 
with leading international insurance providers and includes coverage for physical loss and damage to owned 
vessels and kidnap and ransom, as well as third party liability, including for pollution. However, although

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Trafigura's insurance is intended to cover the majority of the risks to which Trafigura is exposed, it cannot 
account for every potential risk associated with its operations. Adequate coverage at reasonable rates is not 
always commercially available to cover all potential risks and no assurance can be given that, where 
available, such coverage would be sufficient to cover all loss and liability to which Trafigura may be 
exposed. The occurrence of a significant adverse event not fully or partially covered by insurance could 
have a material adverse effect on Trafigura's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Trafigura's profitability may be affected by changes in tax regimes and certain special tax incentives. 
Trafigura's operations in various countries are subject to different tax regimes. Changes in local tax 
regulations, or the interpretation thereof, might adversely affect Trafigura's business, results of operations 
and/or financial condition. 
Trafigura is owned by its management and key senior employees. 
Trafigura is exclusively owned by its management and key senior employees. As a private company with 
no equity listing Trafigura is not subject to the extensive laws and regulations relating to corporate 
governance and transparency applied to publicly owned companies or by companies with equity listings on 
major stock exchanges. While Trafigura applies a prudent corporate governance model and believes that it 
is transparent in its dealings with its investors and other stakeholders, such as its banking group, its 
obligations in this regard are potentially less transparent than those legal and regulatory regimes associated 
with public companies. 
The Issuer has requested a derogation letter in respect of the financial statements included in this Base 
Prospectus, so that the separate financial statements of TPTE and TTL are not included in this Base 
Prospectus 
The Issuer has applied to the Central Bank of Ireland requesting the omission of each of TPTE and TTL's 
(as subsidiary Guarantors) individual financial statements from this Base Prospectus and the Central Bank 
of Ireland has granted such omission request. As all of the Group’s operations are consolidated under TGPL, 
it is the Group’s view that the inclusion of the consolidated Group Financial Statements provides substantial 
information about the Group’s revenues and earnings by the Group’s operating divisions and the geographic 
areas in which the Group operates, which reflects how the Group manages its business. The Group believes 
this is the information investors require to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors, and that the inclusion 
of separate financial statements of each subsidiary Guarantor would not provide additional information 
which would materially affect such an assessment. Moreover, the inclusion of TPTE and TTL as guarantors 
primarily ensures that the Notes remain pari passu with the Group’s bank facilities which also include these 
entities as guarantors. 
The United Kingdom’s Withdrawal from the European Union. 
On 31 January 2020 the United Kingdom ceased to be a member state of the European Union. Investors 
should be aware that United Kingdom law may diverge from European Union law. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it is not possible for Trafigura to predict (i) the extent or materiality of any such 
divergence; (ii) the precise impact of any such divergence on the regulatory environment in which the 
Group operates; (iii) the impact of any such divergence on the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or (iv) 
the impact on the regulatory treatment of an investor holding any Notes. Investors are urged to make their 
own assessment, and seek independent advice, regarding the impact of the UK’s exit from the European 
Union on their acquisition and/holding of any Notes. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
4. Risks related to the market generally. 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
The price of the Notes may be affected by any changes in the market interest rates. For example, should the 
market interest rates increase, the price of the Notes would typically fall and should the market interest 
rates decline, the price of the Notes would typically increase. Noteholders should be aware that any 
detrimental fluctuations in the applicable market interest rates could adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
5. Risks related to the Notes and the Guarantee generally. 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantee generally: 
Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect 
of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of (in the case of the Issuer) Luxembourg, (in the case of TTL) the State of Delaware or (in 
the case of TGPL or TPTE) Singapore or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
Modification and Waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority.

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Notes are rated 
Investors should not assume or infer that any rating ascribed to the Issuer or any of its indebtedness or credit 
would apply to the Notes. No corporate public rating has been assigned to the Issuer or the Issuer's 
indebtedness and the Issuer does not currently intend to apply for any such rating. 
Investors in the Notes must rely on clearing system procedures 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other clearing system, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer and/or the Guarantors. The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes 
except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note. The Global Notes will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are 
represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to or to the order of the common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other clearing system for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantors have no responsibility 
or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Denominations 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Liquidity risk and a failure to obtain funds could affect the Group’s ability to meet repayments to 
Noteholders 
Liquidity risk (as detailed in “Liquidity risk and a failure to obtain funds could limit Trafigura’s ability to 
engage in desired activities and grow its business”) could impact Trafigura’s ability to make principal or 
interest payments when due on the Notes. In the event that Trafigura does not have sufficient available 
liquidity or is unable to refinance the Notes in the long-term and short-term debt markets, the ability of 
Trafigura to make principal or interest payments due on the Notes may be adversely impacted. As of 30 
September 2022, Trafigura (excluding Puma Energy) had USD 72.9 billion of credit facilities available to 
it, and USD 26.9 billion of these credit facilities had not been utilised and were available.

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
In addition, there can be no assurance that a material deterioration in Trafigura’s operating results would 
not lead to violations of Trafigura’s existing sources of liquidity, namely borrowings under various short-
term and long-term bank and asset-backed facilities and the issuance of notes in the debt capital markets, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the financial position and prospects of Trafigura, and which 
could lead to Trafigura being unable to make the required payments to Noteholders pursuant to the Notes.  
At the time of maturity of any other debt that Trafigura may incur, if Trafigura does not have sufficient 
cash flows from operations and other capital resources to pay its debt obligations, or to fund its other 
liquidity needs, it may be required to refinance its indebtedness. If Trafigura is unable to refinance its 
indebtedness or obtain such refinancing on terms acceptable to it, Trafigura may be forced to sell assets, or 
raise additional debt or equity financing in amounts which could be substantial. The type, timing and terms 
of any future financing will depend on Trafigura’s cash needs and the prevailing conditions in the financial 
markets. Trafigura cannot guarantee that it would be able to accomplish any of these measures in a timely 
manner or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all and there can be no guarantee that the refinancing of 
such indebtedness, and the terms thereof, would not negatively impact Trafigura’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. 
6. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of such Notes are typically more volatile than the market values 
of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes.  
The use of risk-free rates – including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") and the Euro 
Short Term Rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to 
the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be 
adopted.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, SARON or 
€STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes 
issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates.  
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, SARON, €STR or any related indices.  
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects 
and have a limited history.  
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data.  
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, SIX Group Ltd. or the European Central 
Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA, SOFR, SARON, or €STR, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, 
including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR (in which case a fallback method 
of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The relevant administrator has no obligation to 
consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any 
such risk-free rate. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"  
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Following the implementation of any such potential 
reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform 
differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  
On 5 March 2021, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of 
all LIBOR currencies and tenors. Permanent cessation of representative LIBOR rates has occurred for all 
Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and will 
occur immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other US Dollar LIBOR settings.  
Furthermore, the UK has passed the Financial Services Act 2021. The new legislation provides a framework 
to enable the FCA to take action where it has determined that a critical benchmark is at risk of becoming 
unrepresentative, or has become unrepresentative, and that its representativeness cannot reasonably be 
maintained or restored (including for the benefit of the so-called ‘tough legacy’ contracts).  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level, or otherwise affecting, the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
As of 1 January 2022, these LIBOR settings are no longer available on a representative basis. Although the 
one-, three- and six-month GBP and JPY LIBOR settings remain published on a synthetic, temporary and 
non-representative basis, primarily to facilitate the transaction of legacy contracts which have not been 
amended, these synthetic LIBORs are not available for reference in any new deals. The remaining USD 
LIBOR settings will permanently cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be 
representative immediately after 30 June 2023. 
These reforms and changes may cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to 
be discontinued. At this time, it is not possible to predict the overall effect (including conduct, operational 
and financial impacts) of any such reforms and changes, any establishment of alternative reference rates or 
any other reforms to these reference rates that may be enacted. 
Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates (including, without 
limitation, SONIA, €STR, SARON and SOFR or term versions of those rates) or other reforms may 
adversely affect a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-based securities, loans and 
derivatives that are included in the Group’s financial assets and liabilities, that use these reference rates and 
may impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings. During the transition to the

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
new reference rates and/or when these reference rates are no longer available, the Group may incur 
additional expenses in effecting the transition from such reference rates, and may be subject to disputes, 
which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations.  
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Future unavailability or discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely 
affect the value of and return on the Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate. 
Investors should be aware that if EURIBOR, or any other benchmark, were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. With respect to certain Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus, these fallback arrangements may require or result in adjustments to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Even prior to the implementation of any changes to 
any benchmark, or to the interest calculation provisions based on such benchmark, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
the operation of such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, as well as potentially adversely 
affecting both the return on any Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark and the 
trading market for such Notes. 
With respect to certain Notes issued under this Base Prospectus, in certain situations, including the relevant 
benchmark ceasing to be administered, where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined, the fallback arrangements referenced 
in the preceding paragraph will include the possibility that: 
• 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the 
case may be, determined by reference to an alternative rate determined by the Issuer 
after consultation with an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, the Issuer; and 
• 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, an adjustment spread may be applied to such 
alternative rate by the Issuer after consultation with an Independent Adviser or, if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, the Issuer, if such an adjustment 
spread is required to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, provided that if the Issuer after 
consultation with an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, the Issuer is unable to determine such adjustment spread or 
decides that no such adjustment spread is required then such alternative rate will apply 
without adjustment for all future interest periods, 
in each such case, with the Issuer and any Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and all as more fully described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any alternative rate. In addition, 
no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to 
effect any alternative rate. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to 
adjust the relevant alternative rate in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. In addition, 
if an amendment is made to the Notes to change the reference rate/benchmark from EURIBOR, or any other

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
benchmark, to an alternative base rate, such amendment could have adverse tax consequence to certain 
holders. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with Euronext Dublin 
and the Central Bank shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the annual reports of Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. for the years ended 30 September 2022 and 2021 
(together, the "Group Annual Reports") which include the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group (including the notes thereto) for the financial years ended 30 September 
2022 and 30 September 2021, respectively (together, the "Group Financial Statements") and the 
audit reports thereon; and 
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer (including the notes thereto) for the financial years 
ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021 (together, the "Issuer Financial Statements") 
and the audit reports thereon.  
Such documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that 
any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
With respect to the Group Financial Statements, it should be noted that the statement of financial position 
as of 30 September 2021 included as comparative information in the consolidated financial statements of 
the Group as of and for the year ended 30 September 2022 has been restated as a result of amendments to 
the provisional assessment of the identifiable assets acquired in the acquisition of Puma Energy. As a result, 
the statement of financial position information presented in this Base Prospectus is disclosed on a restated 
basis. For further details, see notes 2.6 and 7.2 of the consolidated financial statements of the Group as of 
and for the year ended 30 September 2022. For the avoidance of doubt, the statement of financial position 
as of 30 September 2021 included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the 
year ended 30 September 2021 has not been restated for this. 
The Group Annual Reports, the Issuer Financial Statements and the audit reports thereon are available on 
the website of the Euronext Dublin. 
Group Annual Reports 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/dd18b850-1e66-
4c30-819a-02340d97c84c.pdf 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/f4d29050-2709-436f-
a1e0-67d2abfaa989.pdf 
Issuer Financial Statements 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/c816aa59-3cdd-4427-
b1c2-715c682c08dc.pdf 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/a93c0d14-605d-473c-
b2f2-3282a78557c4.pdf 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference may be inspected, free of charge, during normal 
business hours at the offices of Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. at 10 Collyer Quay, #29-01/05 Ocean Financial 
Centre, Singapore 049315. To the extent that only part of a document is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, the non-incorporated part of such document is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
No websites referred to herein, or any information contained therein (except as otherwise specified herein), 
form part of this Base Prospectus and the Group does not accept any responsibility for any information 
contained in such websites.

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer and the Guarantors will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
the Issuer and the Guarantors have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except 
for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, supplement this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration 
document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors, a securities note 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), 
without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global 
Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note"), will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused.  
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against presentation and 
(in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Principal Paying Agent. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the Temporary Global Note provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") if the 
Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note" and either of 
the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or terminates without a 
successor or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become 
due and payable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes will only be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in 
integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the 
limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note" in accordance with the paragraph above. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes on the expiry of 
such period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms and not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
In the event that a Temporary Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall 
be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. Such Definitive Notes may only be issued to be held in clearing systems if in 
denominations equal to EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the Issue Date of the 
relevant Notes) and integral multiples thereof. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the 
limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note" and either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or terminates without a 
successor or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes will only be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in 
integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the 
limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note" in accordance with the paragraph above. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the Conditions and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, any Global Notes as to which 
TEFRA D is applicable and any Definitive Notes (as defined herein) and any Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions, which, as completed by Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms, will apply to each Tranche of Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than 
pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or 
replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace 
any information in this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form 
will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the 
extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Trafigura Funding S.A. (the "Issuer") and Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd., Trafigura 
Trading LLC and Trafigura Pte Ltd (each a "Guarantor" and together, the "Guarantors") are 
party to a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes") unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the Guarantors. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Notes are subject to and have the benefit of an amended and restated trust deed 
dated 10 May 2023 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the "Trust Deed") made between the Issuer, each Guarantor and Citicorp Trustee Company 
Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee 
or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed). 
(d) 
Paying Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying 
agency agreement dated 28 February 2018 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Paying Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, each Guarantor, 
the Trustee and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression 
includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Paying Agency Agreement in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein 
(together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in accordance with the Paying 
Agency Agreement in connection with the Notes). 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed, and the 
Paying Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes 
(the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions 
of the Trust Deed and the Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed 
and the Paying Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices 
of which are set out below.

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be supplemented or amended from 
time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA (including each Matrix (and each successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions), as may be supplemented or amended from time 
to time, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Authorised Signatory" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
"Consolidated Net Earnings" means, for a Measurement Period, the consolidated net income (or 
loss) of the Parent and the Subsidiaries for such period (taken as a cumulative whole), all 
determined in accordance with GAAP (without duplication) on a consolidated basis after deducting 
portions of income properly attributable to minority interests, if any, in the shares and surplus of 
Subsidiaries and excluding any net income (or loss) of SPE; 
"Consolidated Net Worth" means, at any time: 
(i) 
the total consolidated assets of the Parent which are shown as assets on a consolidated 
balance sheet of the Parent as of such time prepared in accordance with GAAP, after 
eliminating the assets of SPE, 
Minus 
(ii) 
the total consolidated liabilities of the Parent which are shown as liabilities on a 
consolidated balance sheet of the Parent as of such time prepared in accordance with 
GAAP, after excluding (i) the liabilities of SPE and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, 
instruments classified as equity in accordance with GAAP in force prior to 1 January 2019; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(1) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; and

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
(2) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
i. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
ii. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Faction =
[360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥 (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1"  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2"  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1"  
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;  
"M2"  
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"D1"  
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and  
"D2"  
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Faction =
[360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥 (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1"  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2"  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1"  
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;  
"M2"  
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"D1"  
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and  
"D2"  
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Faction =
[360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥 (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1"  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2"  
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1"  
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;  
"M2"  
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1"  
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2"  
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Default" means, 
(i) 
an Event of Default; or 
(ii) 
an event or circumstance which would be (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of 
notice or the making of any relevant determination) an Event of Default; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Financial Indebtedness" means with respect to any person, at any time, without duplication: 
(i) 
its liabilities for borrowed money and its redemption obligations in respect of any 
mandatorily redeemable class of shares (or similar equity interests) of such person that is 
preferred over any other class of shares (or similar equity interests) of such person as to 
the payment of dividends or payment of any amount upon liquidation or dissolution of 
such person; 
(ii) 
its liabilities for the deferred purchase price of property acquired by such person 
(excluding accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business but including all 
liabilities created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement 
with respect to any such property); 
(iii) 
all liabilities appearing on its balance sheet in accordance with GAAP in respect of capital 
leases and all liabilities which would appear on its balance sheet in accordance with GAAP 
in respect of synthetic leases assuming such synthetic leases were accounted for as capital 
leases (other than any liability in respect of a lease or hire purchase contract which would, 
in accordance with GAAP in force prior to 1 January 2019, have been treated as an 
operating lease); 
(iv) 
all liabilities for borrowed money secured by any Security Interest with respect to any 
property owned by such person (whether or not it has assumed or otherwise become liable 
for such liabilities); 
(v) 
all its liabilities in respect of letters of credit or instruments serving a similar function 
issued or accepted for its account by banks and other financial institutions (whether or not 
representing obligations for borrowed money); 
(vi) 
the aggregate swap termination value of all swap contracts of such person; and 
(vii) 
any Guarantee of such person with respect to liabilities of a type described in any of 
paragraphs (i) to (v) hereof.

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
Financial Indebtedness of any person shall include all obligations of such person of the character 
described in paragraphs (i) through (vi) to the extent such person remains legally liable in respect 
thereof notwithstanding that any such obligation is deemed to be extinguished under GAAP; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the jurisdiction of the Parent from 
time to time (including, at the Parent's option, IFRS); 
"Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries; 
"Group Member" means a member of the Group; 
"Guarantee" means, with respect to any person, any obligation (except the endorsement in the 
ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) of such person 
guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other 
person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (without limitation) obligations 
incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such person: 
(i) 
to purchase such indebtedness or obligation or any property constituting security therefor; 
(ii) 
to advance or supply funds: 
(A) 
for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation; or 
(B) 
to maintain any working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income 
statement condition of any other person or otherwise to advance or make available 
funds for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation; 
(iii) 
to lease properties or to purchase properties or services primarily for the purpose of 
assuring the owner of such indebtedness or obligation of the ability of any other person to 
make payment of the indebtedness or obligation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness or obligation against loss in respect 
thereof. 
In any computation of the indebtedness or other liabilities of the obligor under any Guarantee, the 
indebtedness or other obligations that are the subject of such Guarantee shall be assumed to be 
direct obligations of such obligor; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantors in the Trust 
Deed; 
"Holding Company" of any person, means a company in respect of which that other person is a 
Subsidiary; 
"IFRS" means international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements; 
"Insignificant Subsidiary" means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Parent, of which either (or 
both): 
(i) 
the net worth is less than two per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth at that time; or 
(ii) 
the net income for the Measurement Period then most recently ended is less than three per 
cent. of Consolidated Net Earnings for that Measurement Period, 
and, in either case, whose Financial Indebtedness in excess of the greater of US$50,000,000 and 
three per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth at that time is not guaranteed or supported in a similar 
manner by any other Group Member, unless that Group Member is also an Insignificant Subsidiary. 
For the purposes of this definition, net worth for a Subsidiary will be calculated on the same basis 
as Consolidated Net Worth (but in this case calculated for an individual Subsidiary), with figures

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
being taken from its latest available financial statements (whether year end or semi-annual, and 
whether audited or otherwise); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Investment" means any investment, made in cash or by delivery of property, by the Parent or any 
of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
in any person, whether by acquisition of stock, Financial Indebtedness or other obligation 
or security, or by loan, Guarantee, advance, capital contribution or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
in any property; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and its successors and 
assigns; 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Islamic Financing Transaction" means a sukuk (or Islamic bond) or similar Islamic debt capital 
markets instrument which complies with Shari'a where: 
(i) 
an asset of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is transferred or otherwise disposed of to 
a special purpose company; 
(ii) 
the Parent or a Subsidiary has an obligation to (and will) re-acquire that asset upon 
maturity of the relevant debt capital market instrument; and 
(iii) 
the beneficiaries of the special purpose company: 
(A) 
have no entitlement or rights to the asset, by way of a Security Interest or 
otherwise; and 
(B) 
have no right to prevent the re-transfer of the asset back to the Parent or 
Subsidiary; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Limited Group Member" means a member of the Group other than an Insignificant Subsidiary;

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
"Limited Recourse Trade Finance Indebtedness" means Financial Indebtedness: 
(i) 
incurred by the Parent or any Subsidiary in respect of a commercial transaction pursuant 
to which the risk of non-performance by a party to such commercial transaction (the 
"Third Party") other than the Parent or such Subsidiary (as the borrower of such Financial 
Indebtedness) or the lender financing such Financial Indebtedness, is apportioned (the 
amount of such Financial Indebtedness apportioned to the Parent or any Subsidiary herein, 
the "Apportioned Amount") between the Parent or such Subsidiary (as the borrower of 
such Financial Indebtedness) and the lender; and 
(ii) 
in respect of which, upon the non-performance of the Third Party of its contractual 
obligations in respect of such commercial transaction, the Parent or such Subsidiary (as 
the borrower of such Financial Indebtedness), as the case may be, is liable to the lender 
solely for the monetary value of its Apportioned Amount; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material" means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, 
assets, properties or prospects of the Group taken as a whole; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Measurement Period" means a period of 12 months ending on the last day of a financial half-
year of Parent; 
"Meeting" has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Member State" means a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Recourse Group Member" means any member of the Group other than (i) any Project 
Company or (ii) any Holding Company of a Project Company incorporated solely for the purpose 
of, and whose sole or principal activity consists of, the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness and 
making that Financial Indebtedness available to that Project Company; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Parent" means Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. or any entity which is substituted for Trafigura Group 
Pte. Ltd. (or for any previously Substituted Guarantor for Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. in accordance 
with Condition 16(c) (Substitution)); 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in London, in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness: 
(i) 
incurred to finance, hedge or execute commodity transactions (including, without 
limitation, working capital facilities, recourse discounting of receivables, prepayment or 
similar transactions, take or pay transactions, storage financing, sale and repurchase 
transactions and commodity inventory and trade receivable borrowing base financing) 
entered into in the ordinary course of the Parent's or one of its Subsidiary's business, 
consistent with past practices; 
(ii) 
which is non-recourse or limited recourse trade finance Financial Indebtedness incurred 
in connection with structured transactions entered into in the ordinary course of the 
Parent's or one of its Subsidiary's trading business; 
(iii) 
owed by the Parent to any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or by any Subsidiary of the Parent 
to the Parent or any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; 
(iv) 
which is Project Finance Indebtedness incurred in connection with the purchase or 
refinancing of an Investment, provided that the Financial Indebtedness under this 
paragraph (iv) does not exceed 100 per cent. of the aggregate consideration payable to 
acquire such Investment;  
(v) 
which is existing at, or entered into upon, the issue date of a Note (and any extensions, or 
renewals, replacements or refinancings on one or more occasions, including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any subsequent refinancing of any such refinancing, and so on) of any 
such Financial Indebtedness or of such a facility; or 
(vi) 
owed by a Subsidiary and which existed and was outstanding at the time such Subsidiary 
became a member of the Group and any extensions or renewals thereof; 
"Permitted Securitisation" means the sale of inventory, receivables or other assets of the Group 
pursuant to which: 
(i) 
a member of the Group disposes of such inventory, receivables or other assets in a true 
sale on a non-recourse basis to SPE; and 
(ii) 
SPE incurs Financial Indebtedness to finance its acquisition of such inventory, receivables 
or assets; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest listed in a Schedule of a Principal Banking Facility setting forth 
existing Security and Indebtedness of the Group as such Schedule may be updated from 
time to time by reference to any equivalent Schedule contained in any subsequent 
agreement recording any Principal Banking Facility entered into after the date of the Trust 
Deed, except to the extent the principal amount secured by that Security Interest exceeds 
the amount stated in the then applicable Schedule;

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Security Interests for taxes or assessments or other governmental charges or levies, either 
not yet due or payable to the extent that non-payment thereof is permitted; 
(iii) 
any liens arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business, and any rights 
of set-off arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business in each case, 
which have not been foreclosed or otherwise enforced against the assets to which they 
apply; 
(iv) 
Security Interests created by or resulting from any litigation or legal proceedings which 
are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which the 
relevant member of the Group has established adequate reserves on its books in 
accordance with applicable accounting principles; 
(v) 
Security Interests incidental to the normal conduct of business of any member of the Group 
or the ownership of its property, which are not incurred in connection with the incurrence 
of Financial Indebtedness and which do not (taken as a whole) materially impair the use 
of such property in the operation of the business of the Group taken as a whole or the value 
of such property for the purposes of such business; 
(vi) 
Security Interests on property or assets of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries securing 
Financial Indebtedness owing to the Parent or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; 
(vii) 
Security Interests to secure Permitted Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness 
pursuant to paragraph (v) of the definition of that term), provided that the aggregate fair 
market value of the assets that are subject to any such Security Interest does not exceed: 
(A) 
other than in the case of Short-Term Trade Finance and Project Finance 
Indebtedness, 120 per cent. of the amount of such Permitted Indebtedness 
incurred by the relevant Subsidiary of the Parent and secured by such assets; or 
(B) 
in the case of Project Finance Indebtedness, 200 per cent. of the amount of such 
Project Finance Indebtedness incurred by the relevant Subsidiary of the Parent 
and secured by such assets; 
(viii) 
Security Interests granted by SPE over its assets to secure its Financial Indebtedness 
arising under a Permitted Securitisation; 
(ix) 
the extension, renewal or replacement of any Security Interest permitted by subparagraph 
(i) above over the same property, provided that no Default would occur as a result; 
(x) 
any Security Interest: 
(A) 
over an asset or any proceeds or revenue derived from that asset to secure any 
Financial Indebtedness entered into in connection with the provision of all or a 
part of the purchase price or cost of the construction of such asset, provided that 
the Security Interest is created contemporaneously with, or within 120 days (or 
such longer period as it may take to perfect the Security Interest in the jurisdiction 
where such asset is located) after, such acquisition or the completion of such 
construction; or 
(B) 
over an asset existing at the time of the acquisition of that asset by a member of 
the Group, whether or not the Financial Indebtedness secured thereby is assumed 
by that member of the Group; or 
(C) 
existing over an asset of a company at the time such company is merged into or 
consolidated with a member of the Group, or at the time of a sale, lease or other 
disposal of the assets of a company or firm as a whole or substantially as a whole 
to a member of the Group, 
provided in each case that the aggregate principal amount of the Financial Indebtedness 
secured by any such Security Interest does not exceed 100 per cent. of the fair market 
value of the relevant asset;

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(xi) 
any asset transfer undertaken for the purpose of an Islamic Financing Transaction by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries; 
(xii) 
any Security Interest required by and as a result granted in favour of governmental 
authorities in any relevant jurisdiction; 
(xiii) 
any Security Interest to secure Financial Indebtedness of joint ventures in which a member 
of the Group has an interest, to the extent such Security Interest is on property or assets of 
or equity interests in such joint ventures; 
(xiv) 
Security Interests securing judgments (including judgment liens) not giving rise to an 
Event of Default, so long as any such Security Interest is adequately bonded and any 
appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such 
judgment have not been finally terminated, or the period within which such proceedings 
may be initiated has not expired; 
(xv) 
any liens, charges or rights of set-off arising in the ordinary course of business and 
required by any exchange or settlement system used by a member of the Group in 
connection with its cash management arrangements and limited to the cash provided by 
the member of the Group to effect the relevant exchange or settlement; 
(xvi) 
any Security Interest comprising a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by a member 
of the Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting 
debit and credit balances; 
(xvii) 
any Security Interest created pursuant to any order of attachment, distraint, garnishee order 
or injunction restraining disposal of assets or similar legal process arising in connection 
with court proceedings not giving rise to an Event of Default; 
(xviii) 
any bonds constituting Security Interests over cash deposits or marketable investment 
securities to procure the release from judicial arrest of an asset belonging to a member of 
the Group and not giving rise to an Event of Default; 
(xix) 
any Security Interest over any goods to secure liabilities incurred on concessional terms 
in connection with the supply of those goods, being terms provided by any governmental 
or other similar export credit agency or official export-import bank or official export-
import credit insurer; 
(xx) 
any Security Interest created in respect of borrowings from any governmental or other 
similar export credit agency or official export import bank or official export-import credit 
insurer incurred on concessional terms by any member of the Group made to refinance 
any amount receivable under any export sales contract where the Security Interest consists 
only of a pledge or similar Security Interest granted by the member of the Group's claims 
under the contract against the foreign buyer and of any Security Interests or guarantee of 
those claims; 
(xxi) 
any Security Interest created in connection with any arrangement entered into between a 
member of the Group with any person providing for the leasing by any member of the 
Group of any property which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by a member 
of the Group to such person, where such arrangement involves (i) a lease for a term, 
including renewal rights, of not more than 36 months, (ii) a lease of property within 18 
months from the acquisition or, in the case of the construction, alteration or improvement 
of property, the later of the completion of the construction, alteration or improvement of 
such property or the commencement of commercial operation of the property, or (iii) 
leases between or among the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries; 
(xxii) 
any liens, charges or rights of set-off arising in the ordinary course of business and 
required by any exchange or settlement system used by a member of the Group in 
connection with its cash management arrangements and limited to the cash provided by 
the member of the Group to effect the relevant exchange or settlement; and

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(xxiii) 
any Security Interest securing Financial Indebtedness, provided that the aggregate 
outstanding amount of Financial Indebtedness secured by Security Interests under this 
paragraph (xxiii) does not exceed 25 per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth, determined as 
of the last day of the most recently ended Measurement Period of the Parent for which 
financial statements have been published; 
"Permitted Transaction" means: 
(i) 
an intra-Group re-organisation of a Subsidiary of the Parent on a solvent basis provided 
however that any such re-organisation does not, subject to the provisions of Condition 
16(c) (Substitution), extinguish, or result in a Guarantor being unable to perform or comply 
with, its obligations under the Guarantee; or 
(ii) 
any other transaction approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Banking Facility" means any senior unsecured funding facility provided to the Parent 
or any Guarantor of a size greater than USD 500,000,000; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, 
it means either Wellington or Auckland, as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Issuer; 
"Project Company" means a Subsidiary of the Parent that is incorporated with limited liability 
and whose sole or principal activity consists in the acquisition, development, operation and/or 
maintenance of an asset or project; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means Financial Indebtedness incurred in order to finance the 
acquisition, development, operation and/or maintenance of an asset or project, the creditors of 
which have no recourse to any Non-Recourse Group Member other than: 
(i) 
an amount which does not exceed all or part of the revenues generated by the operation of 
the relevant asset or project; 
(ii) 
amounts incurred in respect of the enforcement of security over the asset, assets of the 
project or all or part of the revenues generated by the operation of the relevant asset or 
project; 
(iii) 
amounts equal to damages (including liquidated damages) incurred in connection with the 
breach of a contractual undertaking (other than the undertaking to pay a sum of money not 
being an amount corresponding to the revenues referred to in paragraph (a) above); or 
(iv) 
under any guarantee by any Non-Recourse Group Member: 
(A) 
of Financial Indebtedness of a Project Company; and 
(B) 
under which third party lenders or other creditors of the Project Company (x) prior 
to completion of the relevant project, have recourse against Non-Recourse Group 
Member, provided the aggregate exposure of all Non-Recourse Group Members 
in respect of all guarantees under this sub-clause (x) outstanding at any one time 
shall not exceed 15 per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth and (y) following

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
completion of the relevant project have no recourse against any Non-Recourse 
Group Member in its capacity as guarantor other than: 
(1) 
security granted over the share capital, dividends and other rights relating 
to such share capital of, or any claim against the Project Company or a 
Holding Company of the Project Company; 
(2) 
undertakings to subscribe for equity, quasi-equity investments or make 
subordinated debt contributions for the benefit of the Project Company 
or the Holding Company of the Project Company; and/or 
(3) 
any guarantee the exercise of which relates solely to the operational 
condition of the asset or project or the operation or maintenance of such 
asset or project of the Project Company or the Holding Company of the 
Project Company; 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded); 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been 
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on 
redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed (other than as permitted under Clause 
8.3 of the Trust Deed); 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(iv) 
to modify any provision of the guarantee of the Notes (other than as permitted under 
Clause 8.3 of the Trust Deed); 
(v) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vi) 
to amend this definition; 
"Sanctioned Person" means, at any time: 
(i) 
any person listed in any list (each such list as amended, supplemented or substituted from 
time to time) of specially designated nationals or designated persons or entities 
 maintained by any Sanctions Authority; 
(ii) 
any person who is 50 per cent. or more owned by or controlled by, any person or persons 
described in paragraph (i) of this definition; or 
(iii) 
any person who is otherwise the subject of Sanctions; 
"Sanctions" means economic, financial or trade sanctions or embargoes enacted or imposed by 
law or regulation or other restrictive measure and administered or enforced from time to time by 
(a) the US government, (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union or any of 
its member states' governments, (d) the United Kingdom, (e) the Republic of Singapore or (f) the 
State Secretariat for Economic Affairs of Switzerland, acting through the respective governmental 
agencies of any of the foregoing (including through the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Department of Treasury, the United States Department of State, the United States Department 
of Commerce and His Majesty's Treasury (each a "Sanctions Authority")); 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation or 
security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect; 
"Short-Term Trade Finance" means Financial Indebtedness of a member of the Group having a 
maturity of 365 days or less and which is related to the purchase or sale (and any associated costs, 
including costs of any hedging arrangements) of commodities and in respect of which the borrower 
of such Financial Indebtedness has granted a Security Interest over such commodities or the 
receivables related thereto;

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"SPE" means (a) Trafigura Securitisation Finance plc, an Irish public limited company, (b) 
Trafigura Commodities Funding Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company, (c) Trafigura 
Global Commodities Funding Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company, (d) Argonaut 
Receivables Company S.A., a Luxembourg public limited company, which, in each case, is neither 
a Subsidiary of the Parent nor under the control of the Parent, but which is consolidated in the 
financial statements of the Parent in accordance with GAAP, or (e) any similar vehicle which may 
or may not be a Subsidiary of the Parent or under its control or consolidated in its financial 
statements, in each case, established for the purposes of securitising receivables or inventory 
generated by the Parent or its Subsidiaries; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Paying Agency Agreement or, in relation to the 
Trustee, has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means as to any person, any other person in which such first person or one or more 
of its Subsidiaries owns more than 50 per cent. beneficial interest in the equity of such person and 
any partnership or joint venture if more than a 50 per cent. interest in the profits or capital thereof 
is owned by such first person or one or more of its Subsidiaries (unless such partnership or joint 
venture can and does ordinarily take major business actions without the prior approval of such 
person or one or more of its Subsidiaries). Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to 
a "Subsidiary" is reference to a Subsidiary of the Parent; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the T2 system is open for settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as subsequently amended; 
"Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of which 90 per cent. or more 
of all of the equity interests (except directors' qualifying shares) and voting interests are owned, 
directly or indirectly, by the Parent; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions or the Guarantee of the Notes; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions or the Guarantee of the Notes;

--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Paying Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed shall be construed as a 
reference to the Paying Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed, as the case may be, as 
amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and  
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended or re-enacted.  
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue, provided that in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes). In the case of a Series of Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder 
of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest 
therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable 
for so treating such holder. 
4. 
Status and Guarantees 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
(b) 
Guarantees of the Notes: The Guarantors have in the Trust Deed unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to 
time payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Trust Deed. The Guarantee of the Notes 
and amounts payable under the Trust Deed constitutes direct, general and unconditional obligations 
of each Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of such Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantors shall, and the Issuer and Guarantors shall procure that no member of the Group (other than any 
Insignificant Subsidiary) will, create or allow to exist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) on any of its assets or undertaking without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) providing such other security or other 
beneficial arrangement for the Notes as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion deem not to be materially 
less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect 
of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount (or formula for its calculation) is 
not specified shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the 
relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Net Interest Amount: Subject to the terms at Condition 11 (Taxation) if any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of tax is required by law and is imposed by the jurisdiction of the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, any Guarantor on any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor shall pay such additional amount 
as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amount as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due 
in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR , €STR or 
SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i)  
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(ii)  
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable,  
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at 
such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer (and such Independent Adviser to 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines 
appropriate and notifies to it. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that in any circumstances where 
under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, 
including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when 
calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation 
Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee,  under an interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(1)  
if the relevant Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where:

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of 
Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with 
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer (and such Independent Adviser to act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines appropriate; and 
(v)  
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, Compounding is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(A) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
(B) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are   the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or  
 
(C) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and:  
(A) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days as 
specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(C) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b)  Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(2) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(a) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(c) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date and  
(d) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(a) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(b) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
 
(4) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes Referencing SONIA 
(1) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SONIA";  
(2) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(3) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e):  
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards:  
 
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎡
ි൬1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i−pLBD × ni
365
൰
d0
i̇=1
−1
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎤
× 365
d  
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
"do"  
means the number of London Banking Days in:

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period;  
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable);  
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days;  
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and  
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i";  
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(4) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), be:  
(i) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or  
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors 
or if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (i)).  
(5) 
Subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation) if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(1) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(2) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
(3) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f):  
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 7(f).  
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, 
the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the 
calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under 
Condition 7(f)(4) below will apply.

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎡
ි൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i × ni
360
൰
d0
i̇=1
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎤
× 360
d  
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
"do" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
to, and including, the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or  
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(4) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website;  
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
(4) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Trustee 
or the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection:  
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR 
(or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, 
then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time;  
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later 
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark 
is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
(5) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 7(f)(4) 
above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 7(f); and  
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.  
(6) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(1) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "€STR". 
(2) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(3) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g):  
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎡
ි൬1 + €𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i × ni
𝐷𝐷
൰
d0
i̇=1
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎤
× 𝐷𝐷
d 
 
where:  
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360);  
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise 
published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate);  
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i".  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period;  
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement 
Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day;  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable; and  
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days.  
(4) 
Subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is 
to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(2) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day 
in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(5) 
Subject to Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g), the Rate of Interest 
shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes referencing SARON 
(1) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "SARON", Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined. 
(2) 
Where "SARON" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, on the basis of SARON Compounded plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin.  
(3) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(h):  
"SARON Compounded" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of the secured funding market 
for Swiss franc) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
൦ි൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i × ni
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑
i̇=1
൪× 360
dc  
 
where: 
"𝒅𝒅𝒅𝒅" means the number of Zurich Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
"𝒅𝒅𝒅𝒅" means the number of calendar days in 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "db", each representing the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last Zurich Banking Day in such period; 
"𝒏𝒏𝒊𝒊" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "𝑖𝑖", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the Zurich Banking Day "𝑖𝑖" up to but excluding, the first following Zurich Banking 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first day 
of such Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"Observation Shift Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five Zurich Banking Days; 
"SARON𝒊𝒊" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "𝑖𝑖", SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day "𝑖𝑖";  
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for 
such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website at the Relevant Time on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich 
Banking Day; or  
(i) 
if SARON does not so appear on the SARON Administrator Website or is not so 
published by the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred 
on or prior to such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by 
the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the first preceding 
Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website; or  
(ii) 
if such rate does not so appear on the SARON Administrator Website or is not so 
published by the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred on or 
prior to such Zurich Banking Day, then SARON shall be determined to be the SARON 
Replacement determined in accordance with Condition 7(h)(4).  
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of Default), 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes become

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
due and payable, and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as such Notes remain 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest 
determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(4) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the Relevant Time on a relevant Zurich Banking 
Day that a SARON Index Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred with respect to SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes, then the Trustee shall be 
obliged, without the consent or sanction of the Noteholders to concur with the Issuer in making 
any modification (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter, provided that neither replacing 
SARON with the SARON Replacement nor any SARON Replacement Conforming Changes (each 
as defined below) shall constitute a Reserved Matter) of these Conditions solely with respect to 
any SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to give 
effect to the provisions set forth under this Condition 7(h)(4) in relation only to all determinations 
of the rate of interest payable on any SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred prior to the Relevant 
Time in respect of any determination of SARON on any date applicable to any SARON-
referenced Floating Rate Notes, the SARON Replacement will replace SARON for all 
purposes relating to any SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to the 
further operation, if any, of Condition 7(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation)); 
(ii) 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a 
SARON Replacement with respect to any SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes, the 
Issuer will have the right, subject to satisfaction of Condition 7(o) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), to make SARON Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to any 
SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes from time to time;  
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(h)(4), including any determination with respect 
to tenor, rate or adjustment of or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, in each case, solely with respect to any SARON-referenced Floating Rate Notes:  
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
will be made in the Issuer’s sole discretion; and 
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other 
party. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent, Trustee or Paying Agent be responsible for 
determining any substitute for SARON, or for making any adjustments to any alternative 
benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or 
any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark. 
In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely 
on any determinations made by the Issuer and will have no liability for such actions taken 
at the direction of the Issuer.  
None of the Trustee, Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent will have any liability for any 
determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with a SARON Index 
Cessation Event or a SARON Replacement;  
(iv) 
The Issuer shall certify in writing to the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent in writing (such certificate, a “SARON Base Rate Modification Certificate”) that 
(A) a SARON Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred specifying the SARON Replacement; and (B) that the SARON Replacement 
Conforming Changes have been made in accordance with this Condition 7(h)(4); and

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(v) 
No consents are required to be obtained in relation to the SARON Replacement, provided, 
for the avoidance of doubt, that the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent 
shall not be obliged to agree to any SARON Replacement Conforming Changes, which, in 
the sole opinion of such Trustee, Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to any 
such person in the Trust Deed or Agency Agreement. 
(5) 
The following definitions shall apply with respect to this Condition 7(h): 
"Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been recommended as the 
replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in 
Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering 
proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or 
committee, the "Recommending Body");   
"Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Recommended Replacement 
Rate or Alternative Replacement Rate, as the case may be, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread:   
(i) 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such Recommended 
Replacement Rate or Alternative Replacement Rate, as the case may be, in the case 
of fixed income securities with respect to which such Recommended Replacement 
Rate or Alternative Replacement Rate, as the case may be, has replaced SARON as 
the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
or  
(ii) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in subclause (i) above, to be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate or Alternative Replacement Rate, as the case may 
be, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as 
a result of the replacement of SARON with such Recommended Replacement Rate 
or Alternative Replacement Rate, as the case may be, for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such Recommended 
Replacement Rate Rate or Alternative Replacement Rate, as the case may be, has 
replaced SARON as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable 
rate of interest thereon;   
"Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on SIX Swiss 
Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich 
time);  
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor administrator of 
SARON;  
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON Administrator, or any 
successor website or other source on which SARON is published;  
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event, the earliest of:  
(i) 
(in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (i) of the 
definition thereof) the date on which the SARON Administrator of the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight;

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(ii) 
(in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (ii)(x) of the 
definition thereof) the latest of: 
(A) 
the date of such statement or publication;  
(B) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; 
and  
(C) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (ii)(y) of the 
definition of SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred on or prior to 
either or both dates specified in subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (ii), the 
date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
and  
(iii) 
(in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (ii)(y) of the 
definition thereof) the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the 
SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator, or 
by any competent authority, announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or 
(y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, 
which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily 
limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives; 
"SARON Replacement" means (i) the Recommended Replacement Rate, giving effect to the 
Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any or (ii) if there is no Recommeneded Replacement 
Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy 
rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any, or (iii) if no SNB Policy Rate is available for such 
Zurich Banking Day, the sum of: (A) the alternate rate that has been determined by the Issuer 
to be the most comparable rate to SARON provided that  if the Issuer determines that there is 
an appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to such rate, it shall use such industry-accepted 
successor rate (the "Alternative Replacement Rate") and (B) the Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any; 
"SARON Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any SARON 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including without 
limitation changes to the definition of "Interest Period", determination dates, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts, or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such SARON Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the SARON Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto;  
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate (which may be 
positive, negative or zero), the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of SARON 
with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking 
into account the historical median between SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two 
year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if 
more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such 
events occurred); and  
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of the Calculation Amount for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period, the Calculation 
Amount and the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Issuer, each Guarantor, the Trustee and the Paying Agents, Euronext Dublin and each stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed and /or admitted to trading as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection 
with the exercise or non- exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Net Interest Amount: If any withholding or deduction is imposed under Condition 11 (Taxation), 
the Issuer shall increase the payment of principal or interest to such amount as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amount as would have been received by them if no 
such withholding or deduction had been required (except as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)). 
(n) 
Calculation Agent: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7, if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 7, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the Independent Adviser thereof and the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or if otherwise unable 
to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(o)  
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i)  
If the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to any 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the 
Calculation Agent and shall use its reasonable endeavours to select and appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to 
the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 7(o)(ii)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 7(iii)) and/or any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 7(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(o) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to 
this Condition 7(o). 
(ii)  
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines and notifies the Calculation 
Agent prior to the date which is five business days prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date that: 
(1)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(o)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Instruments (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 7(o)); or 
(2)  
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(o)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 7(o)).  
(iii)  
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines and notifies the Calculation 
Agent prior to the date which is five business days prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders or Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(iv)  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in  
accordance with this Condition 7(o) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(o)(v), but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice (in accordance with Condition 7(o)(vi) 
below). In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(o)(iv),

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Instruments 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(v)  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with this 
Condition 7(o), the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
may still determine (x) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (y) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this 
Condition 7(o) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 7(o) applying mutatis 
mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without consultation with 
an Independent Adviser).  
Where this Condition 7(o)(v) applies, without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer will take into account any 
relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets.  
(vi)  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(o) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee and, the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date, which 
shall not be less than five Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee and the Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of the 
Issuer:  
(1)  
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
7(o); and 
(2)  
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) (x) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread and (y) in each case have been drafted solely to such effect. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and the Agents shall, at the request and expense 
of the Issuer, without any consent or sanction of the Noteholders, concur with the Issuer 
in making any modification to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed 
with respect to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and/or the Benchmark Amendments (if any) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not 
be treated as being within the scope of the Reserved Matters (as defined in the Trust 
Deed)) specified in such certificate, and such modifications will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(o), neither the Trustee nor the  
Agents shall be obliged to agree to any modifications, amendments and/or adjustments 
pursuant to this Condition 7(o) which, in the sole opinion of the Trustee and/or the Agents 
would have the effect of (x) exposing it to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (y) increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of it in the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining 
whether or not a Benchmark Event has occurred.

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
(vii)  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 7(o), the Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply 
unless and until either a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 7(o).  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of Condition 7(o), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply).  
(viii)  
As used in this Condition 7(o):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:  
(1)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(2)  
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Issuer determines, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(3)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); or 
(4)  
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised 
or acknowledged), the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 7(o)(ii)(2) has replaced the Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(o)(iv).  
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(1)  
the Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(2) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will, by a specified date, 
cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or  
(3)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that the Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(4)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that means the Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions; or 
(5)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that the Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is, or 
will by a specified date be, no longer representative of an underlying market or 
that its method of calculation has significantly changed; or 
(6) 
it has or will by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or  
(7) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Reference Rate has been adopted. 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (2), (3), (4) or (5) above and the relevant specified 
date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, 
the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior 
to such specified date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 7(o)(i).  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(1)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(2)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (x) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case may be the 
Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Trustee (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) any Guarantor has or (if a demand were made under the Guarantee of the 
Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 11 (Taxation) or the Guarantee of the Notes, as the case may be, 
or any Guarantor has or will become obliged to make any such withholding or 
deduction as is referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) or in the Guarantee of the 
Notes, as the case may be, from any amount paid by it to the Issuer in order to 
enable the Issuer to make a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
in either case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of such Guarantor's jurisdiction of incorporation or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, and 
(2) such obligation cannot be avoided by such Guarantor taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(i) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer or a Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or the relevant 
Guarantor would be obliged to make such withholding or deduction if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantees of the 
Notes were then made; or 
(ii) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
or a Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or the relevant Guarantor 
would be obliged to make such withholding or deduction if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes 
were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee (x) a certificate signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer stating that the circumstances referred to in (A)(1) and (A)(2) prevail and 
setting out the details of such circumstances or (as the case may be) a certificate signed by an 
authorised signatory of the relevant Guarantor stating that the circumstances referred to in (B)(1) 
and (B)(2) prevail and setting out the details of such circumstances and (y) an opinion satisfactory 
to the Trustee of independent tax advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or (as 
the case may be) the relevant Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
or (as the case may be) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to make such withholding or 
deduction as a result of such change or amendment. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such 
certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the circumstances set out in (A)(1) and (A)(2) 
above or (as the case may be) (B)(1) and (B)(2) above, in which event they shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) and having notified 
the Trustee prior to the provision of such notice (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Trustee approves and in such manner as the Trustee 
considers appropriate, subject in each case to compliance with applicable law and the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed and/or admitted to trading, and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the 
serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent 
with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption in the case of Minimal Outstanding Amount: The Issuer may, at any time on giving 
not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders and the Trustee in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes of the relevant series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption if, immediately before giving such notice, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of such series outstanding is less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
such series originally issued (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, include any further Notes 
issued pursuant to Condition 19 (Further Issues)). 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders in the event of a Change of Control: A Change of 
Control Event will be deemed to occur if a Change of Control occurs (a "Change of Control 
Event"). If a Change of Control Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change 
of Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Option 
Notice (as defined below), the Issuer has given notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or (f) 
(Redemption in the case of Minimal Outstanding Amount)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes held by it on the Change of 
Control Put Date at their principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) interest (if any) accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Put Date. 
Promptly upon a Change of Control Event having occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change 
of Control Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event and the circumstances giving rise to it, the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option and the Change of Control Put Date. 
In order to exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of the Note must deposit such 
Note with the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office at any time during normal business 
hours of the Principal Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed Put Option 
Notice in the form (for the time being current) available from the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") within the period (the "Change of 
Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Event Notice is given. No Note so 
deposited and option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Notes should be delivered together with all Coupons, if any, relating to them maturing after 
the Change of Control Put Date, failing which the amount of any such missing unmatured Coupon 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment in the manner provided in Condition 10(e) 
(Deduction for unmatured Coupons). The Principal Paying Agent will issue to the Noteholder 
concerned a non-transferable Put Option Receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the 
Change of Control Put Option Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control 
Put Date, by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Change of Control 
Put Date against presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option 
Receipt at the specified office the Principal Paying Agent. For the purposes of these Conditions, 
receipts issued pursuant thereof shall be treated as if they were Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Change 
of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(g): 
"Acting in Concert" means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal). 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group of persons Acting in Concert (other than 
one or more Qualifying Employee(s) and/or Related Persons) acquires directly or indirectly shares 
to which attach more than 50 per cent. of the votes attaching to the entire issued share capital of 
the Parent. 
"Change of Control Put Date" is the seventh day after the last day of the Change of Control Put 
Period. 
"Related Persons" with respect to any Qualifying Employee means: 
(i) 
in the case of any individual, any spouse, family member or relative of such individual, 
any trust or partnership for the benefit of one or more of such individual and any such 
spouse, family member or relative, or the estate, executor, administrator, committee or 
beneficiaries of any thereof; 
(ii) 
any trust, corporation, partnership or other person for which one or more of the Qualifying 
Employees and other Related Persons, directly or indirectly constitute the whole or entire 
stockholders, beneficiaries, partners or owners thereof, or persons beneficially holding in 
the aggregate the whole or entire controlling interest therein; or 
(iii) 
any investment fund or vehicle managed, sponsored or advised by such Qualifying 
Employee on its behalf or any successor thereto. 
"Qualifying Employee" means any director or employee of the Group who, on the date of the 
potential change of control, is employed by the Group and has been so employed for the previous 
one year without interruption. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer, each of the Guarantors or any Subsidiary of each of the Guarantors may at 
any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise (including by means of any tender or 
exchange offer) and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
The Notes so purchased or acquired may be submitted for cancellation, or held or resold, provided 
that, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries, 
the Notes shall not entitle the Noteholder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not 
be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the 
Noteholders or for the purposes of the Trust Deed or the Paying Agency Agreement.

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Subsidiary 
of any Guarantor and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may be held 
by the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Guarantor or resold or cancelled at the 
Issuer's, such Guarantor's, or such Subsidiary's option. 
(l) 
Notice Priority: In the event of more than one notice being delivered pursuant to this Condition 9, 
the first in time shall prevail. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto ("FATCA"). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing 
Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. No payments will be made in respect of void Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 10(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims 
have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantors shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or, as the case may be, any Guarantor or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts 
as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of the Noteholder or Couponholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or 
Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented 
such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding anything in Condition 10 (Payments) to the contrary, none of the Issuer, 
any Guarantor, any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to any withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or any of the Guarantors becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than, its jurisdiction of incorporation references in these Conditions to any 
jurisdiction shall be construed as references such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may and, if so requested in writing by holders of at least one quarter in principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall (subject to, in 
the case of the happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraph (b) below and, in relation to Limited 
Group Members other than the Issuer and the Guarantors only, paragraphs (c), (d), (e) and (f) below, the 
Trustee having certified in writing that the happening of such events is in its opinion materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders and, in all cases to the Trustee having been indemnified, prefunded or 
provided with security to its satisfaction) give written notice to the Issuer (with a copy to each of the 
Guarantors) declaring the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued interest without further action 
or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay: 
(i) 
any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for payment thereof, unless 
the non-payment: 
(A) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(B) 
is remedied within five Business Days of the due date; or 
(ii) 
any amount of interest in respect of the Notes on the due date for payment thereof, unless 
the non-payment: 
(A) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(B) 
is remedied within seven Business Days of the due date; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or any of the Guarantors defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the 
Guarantee of the Notes and such default (i) is, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, incapable 
of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, capable of 
remedy, remains unremedied for 60 days after written notice thereof has been delivered by the 
Trustee to the Issuer and the Guarantors; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: 
(i) 
any Financial Indebtedness (other than (i) Limited Recourse Trade Finance Indebtedness, 
(ii) any Project Finance Indebtedness or (iii) Financial Indebtedness incurred by a Limited 
Group Member which is not the Issuer or a Guarantor which is owed to another member 
of the Group which is not the Issuer or a Guarantor) not paid when due (after the expiry 
of any originally applicable grace period); 
(ii) 
any Financial Indebtedness (other than (i) Limited Recourse Trade Finance Indebtedness, 
(ii) any Project Finance Indebtedness or (iii) Financial Indebtedness incurred by a Limited

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Group Member which is not the Issuer or a Guarantor which is owed to another member 
of the Group which is not the Issuer or a Guarantor): 
(A) 
becomes prematurely due and payable; 
(B) 
is placed on demand; or 
(C) 
is capable of being declared by or on behalf of a creditor to be prematurely due 
and payable or of being placed on demand, 
in each case, as a result of an event of default or any provision having a similar effect 
(howsoever described); 
(iii) 
any commitment for Financial Indebtedness (other than (i) Limited Recourse Trade 
Finance Indebtedness, (ii) any Project Finance Indebtedness or (iii) Financial Indebtedness 
incurred by a Limited Group Member which is not the Issuer or a Guarantor which is owed 
to another member of the Group which is not the Issuer or a Guarantor) is cancelled or 
suspended as a result of an event of default or any provision having a similar effect 
(howsoever described); or 
(iv) 
any Limited Group Member is in default in the payment of the Apportioned Amount in 
respect of any Limited Recourse Trade Finance Indebtedness and that (A) such 
Apportioned Amount is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least the greater 
of (x) US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency of payment) and (y) three 
per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth and (B) is not paid by the that Limited Group Member 
within five days of its appropriate demand by the lender of such Limited Recourse Trade 
Finance Indebtedness, 
unless the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness falling within all or any of paragraphs (i) 
to (iii) above is less than the greater of (x) US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
and (y) three per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth; provided that no Event of Default under this 
Condition 12(c) will occur if the relevant non-payment or event of default arises as a result of a 
creditor becoming a Sanctioned Person which in turn prevents the obligor from discharging its 
payment obligations in respect of that creditor (including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to 
any payment to be made to a third-party agent for the account of that creditor); provided, further, 
that any such non-payment is remedied within 5 Business Days of such creditor ceasing to be a 
Sanctioned Person; or 
(d) 
Insolvency: any of the following occurs with respect to the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Limited 
Group Member: 
(i) 
it is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due or insolvent; 
(ii) 
it admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(iii) 
by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, it begins negotiations with any 
creditor for the rescheduling or restructuring of any of its indebtedness; or 
(iv) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any of its indebtedness provided that if a 
moratorium occurs in respect of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Limited Group 
Member, the ending of the moratorium will not remedy any Event of Default caused by 
the moratorium; or 
(e) 
Insolvency Proceedings: any of the following occurs with respect to the Issuer or any Guarantor 
or any Limited Group Member: 
(i) 
any step is taken with a view to a moratorium or a composition, assignment or similar 
arrangement with any of its creditors; 
(ii) 
a meeting of its shareholders, directors or other officers is convened for the purpose of 
considering any resolution for, to petition for or to file documents with a court or any

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
registrar for, its winding-up, administration, dissolution or judicial management or any 
such resolution is passed; 
(iii) 
any person presents a petition, or files documents with a court or any registrar, for its 
winding-up, administration, dissolution, judicial management or reorganisation (by way 
of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise); 
(iv) 
any Security Interest is enforced over any of its assets having an aggregate book value of 
the greater of (x) US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and (y) three 
per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth or more; 
(v) 
an order for its winding-up, administration, judicial management or dissolution is made; 
(vi) 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, compulsory manager, receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator, receiver and manager, judicial manager, manager 
or similar officer is appointed in respect of it or any of its assets; 
(vii) 
its shareholders, directors or other officers request the appointment of, or give notice of 
their intention to appoint, a liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, 
compulsory manager, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, receiver and 
manager, judicial manager, manager or similar officer; or 
(viii) 
any other analogous step or procedure is taken in any jurisdiction. 
In relation to the Issuer, the (insolvency) terms referred to above shall include any steps and actions 
under Luxembourg law which are analogous to those described above, in particular but without 
limitation of the scope of paragraphs (i) to (vii) of Condition 12(e), in respect of the following 
Luxembourg procedures: faillite, gestion contrôlée, suspension des paiements, concordat 
judiciaire or liquidation judiciaire. 
This paragraph (e) (Insolvency proceedings) does not apply to: 
1. 
any step or procedure which is part of a Permitted Transaction; or 
2. 
a petition for winding-up presented by a creditor which is (A) being contested in good 
faith and with due diligence or (B) frivolous or vexatious and, in any such case, is 
discharged, struck out or withdrawn within 21 days (in the case of the Issuer or a 
Guarantor) or 60 days (in the case of any other Limited Group Member); or 
(f) 
Creditors' process: (A) any attachment or sequestration affects any asset of the Issuer, any 
Guarantor or a Limited Group Member where the claim relating to such attachment or sequestration 
is for an amount of at least the greater of (x) US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) and (y) three per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth and is not discharged within 60 days; 
or (B) any distress, execution or analogous event affects any asset of the Issuer, any Guarantor or 
a Limited Group Member having an aggregate value of at least the greater of (x) US$50,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) and (y) three per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth, and is 
not discharged within 21 days; or 
(g) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer, any Guarantor or a Limited Group Member ceases, or threatens 
to cease, to carry on business, except: 
(i) 
as part of a Permitted Transaction; or 
(ii) 
as a result of any disposal not prohibited by these Conditions; or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of (in the case of the Issuer) Luxembourg, 
(in the case of Trafigura Trading LLC) the State of Delaware or (in the case of Trafigura Group 
Pte. Ltd. and Trafigura Pte Ltd) Singapore or the jurisdiction of incorporation of any Substituted 
Issuer or Substituted Guarantor has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in 
paragraphs (d) (Insolvency) to (g) (Cessation of business) above; or

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
(i) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by any of the Guarantors 
not to be) in full force and effect and is not replaced within five Business Days by a valid and 
enforceable guarantee. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Notes are then listed and /or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with 
such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Trustee and Agents 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce payment unless 
indemnified or prefunded or secured to its satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to 
the claims of Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors and any entity related to the Issuer and/or the Guarantors without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on reports and certificates of two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors, as applicable, and other persons notwithstanding any limit on liability therein by 
reference to monetary cap or otherwise. The Issuer has entered into certain covenants in the Trust Deed to 
deliver a certificate to the Trustee on a semi-annual basis identifying those Subsidiaries of the Group whose 
net worth represents 10 per cent. or more of Consolidated Net Worth and whose net income for the relevant 
period represents 10 per cent. or more of Consolidated Net Earnings for such period (such certificate being 
referred to herein as the "10 Per cent. List") and who shall, for all purposes be deemed Limited Group 
Members. Each Subsidiary that is not on the 10 Per cent. List (the "Other Subsidiaries") shall be deemed 
a Limited Group Member unless the Trustee shall have received a certificate of two Authorised Signatories 
delivered to it by the Issuer within three Business Days of a request by the Trustee confirming that such 
Subsidiary is or was at such time or during such period an Insignificant Subsidiary. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee will 
have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any consequence 
for individual holders of Notes, Coupons or Talons as a result of such holders being connected in any way 
with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
In acting under the Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer, each Guarantor or, following the occurrence of a Default, 
they may act as agents of the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and each Guarantor reserve the right (subject to 
the prior approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent or calculation agent and additional 
paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall 
at all times, whilst any relevant Note remains outstanding, maintain a Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing or trading on any stock exchange which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantors 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such 
stock exchange. 
Notice of any changes in any of the Paying Agents and Calculation Agents or in their Specified Offices 
shall promptly be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and the 
Guarantors (acting together) or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Trustee upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes and provided it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be two or more Persons holding or representing more than half of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, 
that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and Waiver: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any provision of these Conditions, the Paying Agency 
Agreement, or the Trust Deed which is in its opinion of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law and (ii) any 
other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed or in respect of a Reserved Matter) and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any provision of these Conditions, 
the Paying Agency Agreement, or the Trust Deed (other than a proposed breach or breach relating 
to the subject of a Reserved Matter) which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders, provided that it shall not agree any such waiver in 
contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution or of a request in writing 
by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and Couponholders. Unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(o), vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders as described in Condition 7(o) and the Trustee shall 
agree to such variations or amendments on the basis set out in Condition 7(o). 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions whereby the Trustee shall agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to the substitution of the Issuer or any Guarantor (or any substituted 
company for the Issuer or a Guarantor), in the case of the Issuer, for itself as principal debtor (a 
"Substituted Issuer") or, in the case of a Guarantor, as unconditional and irrevocable guarantor (a 
"Substituted Guarantor"), as the case may be, with any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Parent in 
place of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (or any previously Substituted Issuer or Substituted 
Guarantor under this Condition) as a new principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons or a 
new guarantor under the Guarantee of the Notes, provided that (i) the Parent shall have provided 
to the Trustee a certificate from two Authorised Signatories of the Parent confirming that the

--- Page 94 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
proposed substitution will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, (ii) the 
Substitution Conditions (as defined below) have been satisfied, and (iii) no payment in respect of 
the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue or in default. 
Such substitution may take place only if: (i) the Substituted Issuer or Substituted Guarantor, as the 
case may be, shall agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and the Trustee against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is or may be imposed on, incurred by or 
levied on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substituted Issuer's 
or Substituted Guarantor's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note or Coupon or the Guarantee of the Notes and which would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any liability, charge, cost or expense, in connection with the substitution; 
(ii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents or approvals) to ensure that the Trust Deed, the Notes and Coupons 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substituted Issuer or the Trust 
Deed and the Guarantee of the Notes represents a valid, legally binding and enforceable obligation 
of the Substituted Guarantor, as the case may be, have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full 
force and effect; (iii) the Substituted Issuer or Substituted Guarantor shall have become party to 
the Paying Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; (iv) the obligations of any Substituted Issuer 
under the Notes and the Coupons shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by each of 
the Guarantors (unless a Guarantor has been substituted by another entity pursuant to the terms 
hereof, in which case, the Substituted Guarantor shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee 
the Notes and Coupons in place of such Guarantor); (v) legal opinions addressed to the Trustee 
shall have been delivered from independent legal advisers of recognised standing in each 
jurisdiction referred to in (i) above, the jurisdiction of the Issuer (if different) and in England as to 
the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this Condition 16(c); and (vi) the Issuer shall have 
given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), stating that copies, and pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents 
in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be 
regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. Conditions (i) to (vi) shall together constitute the "Substitution 
Conditions". 
In the event that an entity will be substituted as a guarantor in place of Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd., 
(i) the Issuer shall be a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of such entity; (ii) such entity 
shall have, pursuant to a voluntary corporate reorganisation of the Group (the "Group" for such 
purposes being Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the date hereof), 
become the principal consolidating entity of the Group; and (iii) such entity shall consolidate 
substantially all of the consolidated assets and liabilities which appeared on the balance sheet of 
Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. on the day immediately prior to the effective date of the voluntary 
corporate reorganisation. The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on a certificate from two Authorised 
Signatories of such Substituted Guarantor that such entity fulfils the requirement of this paragraph. 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Affiliate" means a person that directly, or indirectly through 
one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the 
person specified. 
The Issuer will notify the Trustee and Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable following a 
substitution in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and such substitution shall become effective 
upon the publication of such notice. 
In connection with any proposed substitution as aforesaid and in connection with the exercise of 
its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition 16(c) and the Trust Deed), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the 
Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to the consequences of any substitution or such 
exercise for individual Noteholders. In connection with any substitution or such exercise as 
aforesaid, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Issuer, the Substituted Issuer, 
any Guarantor or any Substituted Guarantor or the Trustee or any other person, any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or any such exercise upon

--- Page 95 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
any individual Noteholders except to the extent already provided in Condition 16 and/or any 
undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
17. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it thinks fit 
to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes and/or the Guarantee of the Notes, but it 
shall not be bound to do so unless: 
(a) 
it has been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter in principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
it has been indemnified, prefunded or provided with security to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantors unless the Trustee, having become 
bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
18. 
Financial Information Covenant 
For so long as any Notes are outstanding the Issuer and the Guarantors will deliver to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent within 120 days of the end of each financial year a copy in the English language of 
the Group's audited consolidated annual financial statements and procure that copies of the same are made 
available (A) on the website of Euronext Dublin and (B) for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders 
at the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents as soon as practicable thereafter.  
In addition, for so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer and the Guarantors will deliver to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent within 120 days of the end of the first six months in each financial 
year, a copy in the English language of the Group's unaudited consolidated half year financial statements 
and procure that copies of the same are made available (A) on the website of Euronext Dublin and (B) for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, in the case of Notes which are 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, and for so long as the rules of that exchange so require, filed with the Companies Announcements 
Office of Euronext Dublin and published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). If 
such publication is not practicable, publication will be made in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is 
payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") 
for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert 
the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at

--- Page 96 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, 
claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or 
in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors (i) agrees for the benefit of the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders that the courts of England shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes); 
(ii) agrees that those courts are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute 
and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any other courts are more appropriate or convenient; 
and (iii) designates a person in England to accept service of any process on its behalf. Nothing 
contained in this Condition shall limit the right of any of the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") 
in any other courts with jurisdiction and that, to the extent allowed by law, any of the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Process Agent: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors agree that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may 
be served on any of them by being delivered to Trafigura Limited at its registered office (being 14 
St. George Street, London W1S 1FE, United Kingdom as of the Issue Date) or to such other person 
with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer 
and the Guarantors may specify by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices). 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any of the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(d) 
Third Parties: No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition of this Note, the 
Trust Deed or the Paying Agency Agreement under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999.

--- Page 97 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market: Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market: Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)/EUWA]; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – Solely 
for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets

--- Page 98 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]1 
Final Terms dated [•] 
TRAFIGURA FUNDING S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
LEI: 549300IDCRNFW0C0TJ66 
Guaranteed by TRAFIGURA GROUP PTE. LTD., TRAFIGURA TRADING LLC AND 
TRAFIGURA PTE LTD 
under the EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2023 [and the supplemental base prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") [This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information].2] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and is also available for viewing, and electronic copies may 
be obtained at https://www.trafigura.com/resource-centre/publications. Once issued, the Final Terms will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/) 
and 
at 
https://www.trafigura.com/resource-centre/publications.  
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.]3 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Trafigura Funding S.A. 
 
 
(ii) 
Guarantors: 
Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd., Trafigura Trading LLC 
and Trafigura Pte Ltd 
 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[•] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
 
                                                        
1  
Issuer to consider, prior to offer of Notes, whether the Notes are prescribed capital market products. 
2  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
3  Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 99 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
referred to in paragraph 22 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above EUR 
100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 
1,000 in excess thereof up to EUR 199,000. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above EUR 199,000").4 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from 
the Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, 
or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold 
only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available]. 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[•] month [EURIBOR/alternative reference rate] 
[+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified 
in paragraph 
[14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
 
                                                        
4 
Note that the Specified Denomination plus integral multiples option should not be utilised in respect of Notes where item 22 
specifies "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes" or "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes".

--- Page 100 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
 
 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
[17/18/19] below)] 
 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] [respectively]] 
obtained: 
 [•] [and [•], respectively 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual / Actual/360 / Actual/365 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Eurobond basis] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)         Specified Period 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only 
be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention, or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•], subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention, or Eurodollar Convention, insert 
"Not Applicable")

--- Page 101 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention/FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/€STR, 
SARON] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Zurich 
Banking 
Days/Not 
Applicable]  
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking 
Days 
/Zurich 
Banking 
Days/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent)  
 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time:  
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 102 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days]  
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days  
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days]  
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days  
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]

--- Page 103 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual / Actual/360 / Actual/365 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Eurobond basis] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii)        Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual / Actual/360 / Actual/365 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Eurobond basis] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax): 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 104 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left.] 
 
25. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).] [Each of the] [The] 
Issuer [and the Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
The Issuer and each Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms.  
 
 
Signed on behalf of TRAFIGURA FUNDING S.A.: 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 105 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of TRAFIGURA GROUP PTE. LTD.: 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of TRAFIGURA TRADING LLC: 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of TRAFIGURA PTE LTD: 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 106 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin/[•] with 
effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
The total expenses related to admission to trading 
are estimated to be [EUR1,000/[•]]. 
 
2. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i)   Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
(ii)  Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus/Give 
details]  
([See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus] [if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here.]) 
[•] 
 
4. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield:                                   [•] 
[Floating Rate Notes only - PERFORMANCE OF RATES  
Details of performance of EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/€STR/ SARON rates can be obtained, 
free of charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance].] 
 
5. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i)   ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)  Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii)  FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
(iv)  CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 107 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
 
(v)   Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
 
(vi)   Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any) 
[•] 
 
6. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Names and addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[•] 
 
 
 (b)         Stabilisation    
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iv)       U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, references in the Conditions to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, will be 
that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer or the Guarantors to 
the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent 
to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or the Guarantors in respect 
of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors will be discharged 
by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to the Global Note. 
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule thereto. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Principal 
Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. 
Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except 
that (i) for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, 
all notices to holders will also be published by the Issuer by delivery to the Companies Announcement

--- Page 109 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Office in Dublin and on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/); and (ii) in the case of 
Notes listed, traded or quoted on any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the 
requirements of such other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system are complied with.

--- Page 110 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Group for general corporate 
purposes.

--- Page 111 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP  
Since 30 September 2015, an entity called Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. (the "Company" or "TGPL") 
incorporated in Singapore under the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore (with registration number 
201017488D) has assumed the role of reference parent company for the Group. The Company is a private 
limited liability company incorporated on 18 August 2010 and existing under the laws of Singapore. The 
registered office of the Company is at 10 Collyer Quay, #29-01/05 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 
049315 and its telephone number is +65 6319 2960. The Company was incorporated for an indefinite 
duration and has no other commercial name. 
Competitive Strengths 
The Company believes that the Group's success is built upon the following combination of key competitive 
strengths: 
Leading market position in the global commodity trading industry 
The Group is one of the leading traders in the segments in which it operates. 
The global competitive environment for physical commodities traders has evolved over the last few years. 
The Group operates today in a marketplace previously dominated by the major producers, whose operations 
in recent years have increasingly focused on upstream exploration and production and have reduced their 
involvement in distribution. There is also an increasing view that genuine global scale is required for 
commodity traders to be successful, apart from specific niche players. Indeed, the larger firms, with their 
greater access to liquidity and logistics assets, more significant IT infrastructure, and better access to 
proprietary information on commodity flows across geographies and commodities, can access and capture 
the strategic trading volumes and continue to be profitable. This is particularly important in times of lower 
volatility, when global commodity trading margins are under pressure, as well as during disruptive periods, 
when access to liquidity and a vast geographic footprint are particularly important. As a result, there has 
been consolidation in the industry, putting mid-tier companies under pressure, with global players such as 
the Group becoming more prominent. These changes provide the Group with scope for growth in its core 
commodity activities, as demonstrated by strong results over the financial year ended 30 September 2022 
in both core trading divisions. 
The Group also notes a more recent trend amongst the main independent global commodity traders to ramp 
up their investments in renewable energy as demand surges for clean fuels and investors increasingly look 
for projects related to the transition to a lower-carbon world. The industry is set to play a key role in the 
technologies and materials needed to support the energy transition. 
Long term competitiveness in the industry is achieved through traded volumes and market share. The 
Group’s scale is a significant advantage over product focused niche traders that profit more from regional 
logistics than global arbitrage.  
For the financial year ended 30 September 2022, the Group had a turnover (revenue) of USD 318 billion, 
with 67 per cent. generated by oil and petroleum products (including the renewables division) and 33 per 
cent. generated by the metals and minerals business division compared to a turnover of USD 231 billion 
with 61 per cent. and 39 per cent. generated by oil and petroleum products and by the metals and minerals 
business division, respectively, for the financial year ended 30 September 2021. For the financial year ended 
30 September 2022, the Group traded approximately 6.6 million barrels of physical oil per day (“mbpd”), 
compared to the daily average of 7.0 million barrels in financial year 2021. This reduction in oil and 
petroleum volumes mostly happened in the second half of the financial year, driven by the termination of 
long-term contracts for Russian crude oil in light of international sanctions, reduced availability of hedging 
in derivatives markets used to manage price risk, and a decision to focus on higher-margin opportunities. 
Based on its own market intelligence, the Group believes itself to be world’s second largest independent 
trader of oil & petroleum products, LNG and non-ferrous metals. 
The Group is one of the only three truly global commodity traders, the others being Glencore (although it 
has become more of a marketer of its own production since the merger with Xstrata in 2012) and Vitol. 
With global energy demand set to increase, driven by rising prosperity in developing economies, the Group 
is well positioned to leverage its already leading position in the marketplace. Non-OECD countries are set 
to grow faster than OECD countries. Strong demographic and economic drivers like population increase,

--- Page 112 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
urbanisation and income growth are expected to foster demand for conventional energy sources for years 
to come. 
Trafigura is also well placed to benefit from the accelerating decarbonisation agenda, which will rely 
heavily on the ability to source non-ferrous metals needed for energy storage and renewable energy 
generation, as well the ability to source and market fuels with lower carbon intensity such as natural gas, 
LNG and low GHG emissions intensity oil. 
Extensive global network 
The Group's operations are geographically diversified with exposure to high growth supply and demand 
regions. The Group maintains a global presence with 61 offices and is active in 156 countries across Europe, 
Asia, Australia, North America, Latin America and Africa, employing an average of 12,347 people over 
the financial year. It is noted that the equivalent figures five years ago were approximately 3,900 employees, 
not including Puma Energy, which was consolidated in the Group's balance sheet from 30 September 2021, 
and which currently represents approximately 2,900 additional employees.  
The Group believes that its scale and global footprint represent a key strength allowing it to improve its 
access to constantly evolving global commodity trade flows while helping to mitigate its exposure to 
regional risks. The Group's local presence, knowledge and relationships in different regions provide it with 
first-hand market intelligence and information to enable it to identify and execute arbitrage opportunities. 
Furthermore, its local presence provides insight into macro drivers such as foreign exchange fluctuations, 
government policies, upstream commodity operations, and transport. 
Highly diversified business model 
The Group's business activities are focused on two main areas, namely trading, and industrial assets and 
investments that complement and enhance the trading activities. These activities are complementary to each 
other and help smooth income volatility resulting from the natural cycles of the commodities trading 
industry. Within its trading and industrial assets businesses, the Group's activities are diversified in terms 
of products traded and handled as well as geographical presence and types of supplier/customer base. 
The Group is one of the most diverse global commodities firms in terms of products, geographies, suppliers 
and customers and one of few physical commodities firms with such scope of activities. It focuses on two 
asset classes: oil and petroleum products, and metals and minerals. It covers the main product categories 
within these fields, including some of the world's most actively traded commodities such as: crude oil, 
gasoline, distillates, alumina, non-ferrous concentrates, aluminium, copper and zinc. In November 2019, 
the Group announced the establishment of a new business line trading and investing in power and renewable 
energy, as the Group is well placed to assist the global transition to a lower-carbon world. In October 2022, 
Trafigura announced the combination of its trading activities in natural gas, liquified natural gas, power 
and carbon into a new division: gas and power trading; with a separate renewable energy division covering 
investments in renewable power, green hydrogen and clean energy technologies. 
The Group has a diverse customer base with no single external customer representing more than 3.2 per 
cent. of turnover for oil and petroleum products, and 2.5 per cent. for metals and minerals. In the oil and 
petroleum products business, the Group transacts with a diverse customer base located around the globe, 
including electricity utilities, oil refiners, major distributors, and state-owned oil companies. In metals and 
minerals, the Group's broad customer base ranges from mining companies to smelters, and refined metals 
retailers. For the year ended 30 September 2022, the Group's top 10 customers in either business constitute 
less than 24 per cent. of revenues for the respective divisions. 
The diversity of the Group's commodities offerings contributes to a reduced risk profile, both on the market 
side and in terms of spreading credit risk among a wider base of market counterparties. 
Solid industrial asset base 
The Group's business model is focused on balancing global supply and commodity trade flows and 
exploiting natural, low risk physical arbitrage opportunities. 
The key to creating arbitrage opportunities is through increasing trading volumes by securing supply and 
off take contracts where possible, as well as having the control of logistics tools (e.g. time charters vessels, 
storage facilities, ports etc.). The Group's investments, whether in the oil and petroleum products or metals

--- Page 113 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
and minerals sector, are focused on opportunities that provide complementary volume flow to the trading 
business, open up new markets and create recurrent, sustainable income sources. 
In addition to the trading benefits, the cash flows generated by these investments have been growing 
significantly and they now contribute to the Group’s profitability, resulting in an additional source of 
profitability and further diversification. 
With global seaborne trade volumes increasing and growing port and storage capacity tightness worldwide, 
the benefits of having access to competitive assets are expected to continue. The rise in demand for refining 
capacity, import and export terminals, and the need for large storage capacities of oil and other commodities 
will drive the growth of the global storage and handling market. The Group is well placed to benefit from 
its access to state-of-the-art facilities and expertise as a supply chain operator, as cost of storage and 
handling are expected to grow in the future. Companies like Puma Energy and Impala Terminals will play 
a critical role for the Group in providing these services as well as satisfying increasing global demand. 
The Group's trading activities are supported by a solid base of fixed midstream, downstream and mining 
assets. Through its selected asset investments, the Group has an established global presence throughout the 
value chain. The Group's industrial assets amounted to USD 8,373 million as of 30 September 2022, 
compared to USD 9,351 million at financial year 2021 end. This reduction by USD 978 million is mostly 
due to the disposal of the Vostok Oil investment in July 2022 following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which 
represented USD 862 million as of financial year 2021 end. Additional decreases relate to impairments of 
Nyrstar and Puma assets due to challenging market conditions. However, those impairments were mostly 
offset by an increase in environmental emission allowances (held for own use) recognised under intangible 
assets. These fixed assets correspond mainly to the Group's investment in (i) Puma Energy, a global 
midstream and downstream energy company; (ii) Impala Terminals, the Group’s metals and minerals 
warehousing division and logistics provider (which transferred some of its operations to a 50:50 joint 
venture with IFM in September 2018); (iii) Nyrstar, a global multi-metals mining and smelting business, 
with a market-leading position in zinc and lead; (iv) the Group’s oil storage and export terminals (e.g. fully-
owned Petromining terminal in Argentina); (v) various other assets held as part of its mining portfolio; and 
(vi) carbon credits for own use, related to oil trading activities, as well as power trading. 
Conservative risk management and strong governance standards 
The Group has put in place and adheres to comprehensive and clear compliance and risk management 
procedures which are monitored on a daily basis. 
Prudent risk management is integral to the Group's business model and has been entrenched since its 
foundation. Risk management is a central focus for the Group's Board of Directors (the "Board of 
Directors") and the Group's Management Committee (the "Management Committee") and a crucial 
consideration in the Group's overall trading strategy. The Group operates a policy of hedging all its physical 
positions for price risk. All trading positions are monitored on a daily basis through various metrics, 
including a VaR soft limit target of less than one per cent. of equity. Operational risk is proactively managed 
through comprehensive vetting and due diligence procedures, which are continuously reviewed and updated 
to reflect the evolving nature of the regulatory environment. For further information on the Group's risk 
management policies and procedures please refer to "Risk Management". 
The Group also has strict compliance policies in place, operating an overarching code of business conduct, 
which enforces a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption, promotes honest and ethical conduct 
and serves as a guide for all employees on how to comply with laws and regulations and exercise good 
business judgement. The Group also operates a strict know your counterparty ("KYC") process 
necessitating the successful completion of credit and compliance checks before transacting with a new 
counterparty. For further information on corporate governance and compliance policies and procedures 
please refer to "Management Structure and Corporate Governance". 
The Group's risk management framework is supported by its proprietary IT systems which record 
transactions from the point of trade capture through to accounting entries and provide maximum 
transparency and control by ensuring different levels of access and automatic dissemination of key 
information to all concerned parties. 
The Group believes that its sound risk management policies have contributed to its positive performance 
through the volatile market environment over the last few years and helped to mitigate earnings volatility.

--- Page 114 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Strong leadership and ownership by management and key employees 
The Group management team has substantial experience in the commodity sector and a proven track record 
in the development of the business. The Company's Board of Directors has significant experience both in 
the commodities sector and within the Group with an average of over 25 years' experience in the 
commodities sector. Since the foundation of the Group in 1993, the management team has overseen the 
consolidation and expansion of its trading activities across various commodity products and geographies. 
The Group is exclusively owned by its management and employees. This shareholding structure aligns 
individual aspirations with the long term interests of the Group. By virtue of having its own capital at risk, 
senior management is motivated to take a long term view on the Group's overall performance and to protect 
its capital. 
Track record of sustainable profitable growth and financial strength 
As a result of its position in the global commodity trading industry, its business model and diversified 
activities, the Group has been profitable every year since inception in 1993 and has significantly grown 
shareholders' equity, demonstrating superior performance and business model resilience, with net worth 
increasing year-on-year. The resilience of the Group's business model has been demonstrated by its steady 
growth and strong performance through various commodity cycles and periods of price volatility as well 
as during periods of economic, financial, and sovereign debt crises. The Group's underlying EBITDA 
(defined as operating profit or loss before depreciation and amortisation excluding share-based payments 
(non-cash) and exceptional and/or non-operational items) increased at a 45 per cent. compound annual 
growth rate ("CAGR") over the last 5 years (2018-2022). 
The Group believes that its robust and highly diversified funding model and access to liquidity have 
contributed to the Group's strong financial performance and flexibility. The Group has a three-pillar funding 
model based on short term transactional facilities, securitisation, and corporate credit facilities. As of 30 
September 2022, the Group sourced funds from about 140 banks in various markets including Europe, Asia 
Pacific and the United States, providing it with significant diversification both in terms of funding sources 
and geographies thereby allowing the Group to expand whilst managing its liquidity position. Since 
December 2012, the Group has increased its available facilities by 91 per cent. from USD 38.2 billion to 
approximately USD 72.9 billion as of 30 September 2022 (excluding Puma). 
The significant expansion of the Group's sources of financing over the years has been achieved on the basis 
of maintaining an acceptable and sustainable credit standing in the absence of a corporate rating. 
Group Strategy 
The Group does not speculate on price direction. The Company profits from optimising the supply chain to 
its customers and from exploiting natural, low risk, physical arbitrage opportunities. All physical positions 
are systematically hedged for index price risk and no outright price risk is taken other than through limited 
speculative positions which are subject to defined risk limits. Profit is generated from the volatility of 
supply/demand and the value generated by control and management of the supply chain. 
Unlike the derivatives markets, where transactions (and arbitrage opportunities) are closed within seconds, 
physical arbitrage of this kind requires actual delivery of the physical commodity. As a result, value can 
only be extracted by having access to physical commodities and adequate logistical assets. Therefore, in 
order to generate and maximise arbitrage opportunities the Group's strategy is to grow volumes and 
optimise logistics operations in its markets. 
Key Industrial Assets Providing Arbitrage Opportunities and Income Diversification 
As mentioned above, the Group's investments, whether in the oil and petroleum products or metals and 
minerals sector, are focused on opportunities that provide complementary volume flow to the trading 
business, open up new markets and create recurrent, sustainable income sources. In addition to the trading 
benefits, the cash flows generated by these investments have been growing significantly and they now 
contribute to the Group’s profitability, resulting in an additional source of profitability and further 
diversification. 
As presented above, the Group’s industrial assets correspond mainly to the Group's investment in (i) Puma 
Energy, a global midstream and downstream energy company; (ii) Impala Terminals, the Group’s metals 
and minerals warehousing division and logistics provider (which transferred some of its operations to a

--- Page 115 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
50:50 joint venture with IFM in 2018); (iii) Nyrstar, a global multi-metals mining and smelting business, 
with a market-leading position in zinc and lead; (iv) the Group’s oil storage and export terminals (e.g. fully-
owned Petromining terminal in Argentina); (v) various other assets held as part of its mining portfolio; and 
(vi) carbon credits for own use, related to oil trading activities, as well as power trading. 
The Group has demonstrated its ability to divest fixed assets and recycle capital over time, allowing the 
Group to crystallise gains from its investments and to generate substantial cash flows and profits. It enables 
the Group to maintain discipline in capital expenditure, to share risk and to realise timely returns on its 
asset investments, while establishing a broader investment platform than would be possible on a stand-
alone basis. Over the years, significant divestment included the full or partial sale of mining assets (Volcan 
(2010), Anvil (2012), Tiger (2012), CMC (2013) and MATSA (2021)); more than 50 per cent. of Puma 
Energy in 2013; the creation of an oil storage and export facility at Corpus Christi (Texas) and subsequent 
sale of a majority stake to Buckeye Partners L.P. in 2014, while retaining commercial rights; and the 
establishment of joint ventures with Mubadala to invest in the Porto Sudeste iron ore export facility in 
Brazil and the Minas Aguas Tenidas "MATSA" mine in Spain in 2015; and more recently the 50:50 joint 
venture with IFM to operate some of Impala Terminal’s assets. 
A recent highlight was the sale of MATSA, the Group’s Spanish polymetallic mining joint venture, to 
Sandfire Resources. The transaction was announced in September 2021 and was completed in February 
2022, following receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. As part of the sale agreement, Trafigura retained 
a life of mine concentrate agreement for 100 per cent. of offtake from MATSA. The receivable from 
Sandfire Resources in relation to this sale was settled during financial year 2022. 
During financial year 2022, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February, Trafigura froze its 
investments in Russia and announced a review of the Group’s 10 per cent. non-operational, passive 
shareholding in Vostok Oil, with the intention of exiting. The Group terminated its long-term contracts with 
Russian state-owned entities ahead of sanctions taking effect in May. Then, in July 2022, Trafigura 
completed the exit of the Vostok investment, including associated non-recourse bank debt at the structured 
entity level. No loss was recorded at the exit from the investment structure. 
Ownership Model and Experienced Management Team whose Interests are Aligned to Long Term 
Growth Performance 
The Group is owned exclusively by its management and senior employees, with over 1,100 shareholders. 
This ownership model ensures focus on the long term success of the business, promoting management depth 
and stability, with a comprehensive and prudent risk management framework. By virtue of having capital 
at risk, employees are incentivised to take a long term view on the Group’s overall performance and to 
protect its capital. 
The Group benefits from an experienced management team which has developed the expertise required to 
manage a global commodities trading business over a number of years. 
Maintenance of Prudent Financial Profile 
Prudent risk management is integral to the Group's business model and has been deeply rooted in the 
Group’s business principles since its foundation. Guidelines are established at the senior management level 
and the credit and finance department retains a veto right on any transaction.  
The Group maintains a diversified funding model, both in terms of the type of financing available and the 
geographic location of its banks. This broad funding base helps to increase the Group's access to liquidity 
and provides funding flexibility. The Group has demonstrated its ability through various market conditions 
to raise ample and appropriate types of financing to meet the business funding requirements and to tap 
various investor bases, maturities and geographies. The Group has successfully managed its liquidity 
positions throughout commodity, economic, financial and banking cycles and crises. The Group's strategy 
is to continue to focus on maintaining such a prudent financial policy and to sustain its liquidity buffer 
allowing it to be ready to capitalise on opportunities when they arise. 
The Group manages its treasury and liquidity risks, maintaining a strong liquidity position by: 
• 
Keeping sufficient, immediately-available cash on hand to be prepared for a potential high 
volatility period, and associated possible margin calls, or any urgent cash outflow. As of 30

--- Page 116 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
September 2021 and as of 30 September 2022, the Group maintained USD 5.4 billion and USD 
8.6 billion, respectively, of immediately available cash in liquidity funds;  
 
• 
Maintaining bilateral lines which allow the Group to mark-to-market financings to the value of the 
underlying physical assets. Mark-to-market financing is performed weekly (or intra-weekly in the 
case of extreme volatility) and provides an additional source of liquidity which is not available to 
competitors which are financed purely from revolving credit facilities ("RCF");  
• 
Committed unsecured credit facilities, with a focus on new sources of financing that lengthen the 
maturity profile of the Group's debt; 
 
• 
Keeping sufficient headroom in case of a strong increase in volumes traded and/or commodities 
prices: utilisation of transactional lines for the 2022 financial year averaged about 68 per cent., 
while average utilisation of revolving credit facilities over the same period was around 67 per cent.; 
 
• 
Advanced funding sublimit incorporated in the European RCF (USD 1,425 million) and Asian 
RCF allowing same-day drawing of funds (otherwise T+3); and 
 
• 
Balanced distribution of profit (with significant retained earnings) and subordination of 
repurchased equity. 
Recent Financial Results for the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021 
Profit and Loss  
Consolidated Statement of income 
Year ended 30 September 
USD million 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
Revenue ................................................................................................ 
318,476.4 
 
231,308.1 
Materials, transportation and storage.....................................................  
(302,899.4) 
 
(222,056.1) 
Employee benefits ................................................................................. 
(1,443.9) 
 
(1,233.7) 
Services and others ................................................................................ 
(2,151.3) 
 
(1,128.0) 
Operating profit/(loss) before depreciation and amortisation ..........  
11,981.8 
 
6,890.3 
Depreciation (right-of-use assets) .........................................................  
(1,216.3) 
 
(1,094.7) 
Depreciation and amortisation (PP&E and intangible fixed assets)........  
(584.2) 
 
(361.3) 
Impairments (fixed assets) ....................................................................  
(535.9) 
 
(685.5) 
Impairments (financial assets and prepayments) ...................................  
(103.3) 
 
2.9 
Operating profit/(loss) ......................................................................... 
9,542.1 
 
4,751.7 
Share of profit/(loss) of equity-accounted investees ............................... 
54.2 
 
(110.8) 
Disposal results and impairments of equity-accounted investees ............ 
(51.6) 
 
(440.3) 
Income/(expenses) from investments ..................................................... 
(44.3) 
 
88.5 
Result from equity-accounted investees and investments .................. 
(41.7) 
 
(462.6) 
Finance income ..................................................................................... 
739.6 
 
405.9 
Finance expense .................................................................................... 
(2,280.5) 
 
(1,252.3) 
Result from financing activities........................................................... 
(1,540.9) 
 
(846.4) 
Profit before tax ................................................................................... 
7,959.5 
 
3,442.7 
Income tax ............................................................................................. 
(933.3) 
 
(368.0) 
Profit for the year ................................................................................ 
7,026.2 
 
3,074.7 
Profit attributable to 
 
 
 
Owners of the Issuer .............................................................................. 
6,994.2 
 
3,100.0 
Non-controlling interests ....................................................................... 
32.0 
 
(25.3) 
Profit for the year ................................................................................ 
7,026.2 
 
3,074.7

--- Page 117 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Revenue for financial year ended 30 September 2022 rose by 38 per cent. to USD 318 billion compared to 
the financial year ended 30 September 2021, primarily as a result of higher average commodity prices over 
the period. The Group traded an average of 6.6 million barrels of oil and petroleum products per day, a 6 per 
cent. decrease over the prior year. This was due to a reduction in oil and petroleum volumes in the second 
half of the financial year which was primarily driven by the termination of long-term contracts for Russian 
crude oil and products in light of international sanctions, reduced availability of hedging in derivatives 
markets, which are used by the Group to manage price risk, and a decision to focus on higher-margin 
opportunities. Non‑ferrous metals traded volumes for the financial year ended 30 September 2022 were flat 
at 23.3 million metric tonnes, while bulk minerals volumes, driven by increased iron ore volumes, rose by 10 
per cent. to 91.3 million metric tonnes. 
Underlying EBITDA increased by 73 per cent. to USD 12,089 million for the financial year ended September 
2022, from USD 6,996 million for the financial year ended September 2021. This represented an underlying 
EBITDA margin of 3.8 per cent. compared to 3.0 per cent. recorded for the financial year ended September 
2021 – an increase driven by focus on higher margin opportunities and increased premium placed on 
Trafigura’s services in a highly volatile environment.  
The oil and petroleum products division continued to benefit from market volatility and the recovery of global 
demand. Metals and minerals, had a strong result as well, however, a decrease in underlying EBITDA 
compared to 2021 was primarily driven by weaker demand in China. Trading desks once again managed 
extreme market volatility across a broad spectrum of commodities and performed strongly regardless of 
market conditions. Fundamental to this performance were the Group’s strong risk controls and the depth of 
its market knowledge and expertise, incorporating the increased use of data analytics. 
Net financing costs rose to USD 1,541 million for the financial year ended 30 September 2022 from USD 
846 million for the financial year ended 30 September 2021. This largely reflected the rise in interest rates 
throughout the year, with USD interest rates moving from 0.15 per cent. in September 2021 to 3.5 per cent. 
a year later. Impairments of fixed and financial assets totalled USD 639 million for the financial year ended 
30 September 2022, compared to USD 683 million for the financial year ended 30 September 2021. These 
included a write down of the value of Nyrstar’s Australian smelter assets, and goodwill and various assets 
within Puma Energy. Net assets held for sale decreased due to strategic disposals by Puma Energy (Angola 
and Infrastructure division). 
From an operating profit perspective, the Group believes that underlying EBITDA is the most appropriate 
indicator to assess performance as it does not consider investment gains and impairments – i.e. exceptional 
items and share-based payments (non-cash). Underlying EBITDA for the financial year ended 30 September 
2022 was a record USD 12,089 million, compared to USD 6,996 million in for the financial year ended 30 
September 2021, an increase of 73 per cent. year-on-year.

--- Page 118 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 Assets and Liabilities  
 
As at 30 September 
USD million 
2022 
 
2021 
Assets 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment ..................................................................  
4,377.1 
 
4,761.9 
Intangible assets .......................................................................................  
2,112.7 
 
1,815.3 
Right of use assets ....................................................................................  
3,904.5 
 
2,406.2 
Equity-accounted investees .......................................................................  
979.6 
 
842.2 
Prepayments .............................................................................................  
1,534.1  
 
1,804.6 
Loans receivable .......................................................................................  
307.5 
 
347.7 
Other investments .....................................................................................  
595.5 
 
1,584.2 
Derivatives ...............................................................................................  
1,125.2 
 
331.8 
Deferred tax assets ....................................................................................  
210.4 
 
265.7 
Other non-current assets ...........................................................................  
4,285.9 
 
917.9 
Total non-current assets .........................................................................  
19,432.5 
 
15,077.5 
 
 
 
 
Inventories ................................................................................................  
22,583.6 
 
29,653.5 
Trade and other receivables ......................................................................  
27,630.5 
 
24,906.6 
Derivatives ...............................................................................................  
7,179.0 
 
2,621.7  
Prepayments .............................................................................................  
2,117.2 
 
1,675.1 
Income tax receivable ...............................................................................  
311.4 
 
143.7 
Other current assets ..................................................................................  
3,422.3 
 
2,536.3 
Deposits  ..................................................................................................  
642.0 
 
460.0 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................  
14,881.3 
 
10,677.5 
Total current assets ................................................................................  
78,767.3 
 
72,674.4 
Assets classified as held for sale .............................................................  
434.1 
 
2,425.4 
Total assets ..............................................................................................  
98,633.9 
 
90,177.3 
 
* 
Restated as a result of amendments to the provisional assessment of the identifiable assets acquired in the acquisition of Puma 
Energy. For further details, see notes 2.6 and 7.2 of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the 
year ended 30 September 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group’s total assets amounted to USD 98.6 billion, an increase of 9 per cent. 
from USD 90.2 billion as at 30 September 2021. Current assets rose to USD 78.8 billion as at 30 September 
2022 from USD 72.7 billion as at 30 September 2021. This increase was primarily due to high commodity 
prices as reflected in higher trade and other receivables and derivatives. The growth was partially offset by 
inventories, which fell from USD 29.7 billion to USD 22.6 billion due to improved working capital 
management. In accordance with Trafigura policy, 100 per cent. of these inventories are either hedged or pre-
sold. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period grew by USD 4.2 billion due to strong cash flow 
generation. 
Non-current assets also rose to USD 19.4 billion as at 30 September 2022 from USD 15.1 billion as at 30 
September 2021, largely reflecting the increasing number and value of shipping leases on Trafigura’s books 
and long-term LNG contracts. There was also an increase in ‘Other non-current assets’ due to non-financial 
hedged items as the Group continues to use derivative financial instruments to hedge certain tolling, 
transportation and long-term LNG off-take agreements. ‘Property, plant and equipment’, decreased as the 
Group realised impairments on fixed assets in Puma Energy, Nyrstar and Magdalena River supply chain 
operations.

--- Page 119 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
As at 30 September 
USD million 
2022 
 
2021* 
Equity 
 
Share capital .............................................................................................  
1,503.7 
 
1,503.7 
Capital securities ......................................................................................  
654.1 
 
1,173.9 
Reserves ...................................................................................................  
(537.5)  
 
(289.5) 
Retained earnings .....................................................................................  
13,288.4 
 
7,914.8 
Equity attributable to owners of the Issuer ...........................................  
14,908.7 
 
10,302.9 
Non-controlling interests ..........................................................................  
169.9 
 
242.7 
Total group equity ..................................................................................  
15,078.6 
 
10,545.6 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings...............................................................................  
9,614.5 
 
10,911.6 
Long-term lease liabilities.........................................................................  
2,817.1 
 
1,646.8 
Derivatives ...............................................................................................  
2,723.7 
 
804.3 
Provisions .................................................................................................  
474.2 
 
449.9 
Other non-current liabilities ......................................................................  
521.9 
 
551.9 
Deferred tax liabilities ..............................................................................  
380.4 
 
394.9 
Total non-current liabilities ...................................................................  
16,531.8 
 
14,759.4 
 
 
 
 
Loans and borrowings...............................................................................  
29,663.6 
 
34,269.5 
Short-term lease liabilities ........................................................................  
1,170.1 
 
925.3 
Trade and other payables ..........................................................................  
25,649.5 
 
22,814.6 
Current tax liabilities ................................................................................  
1,037.9 
 
648.0 
Other current liabilities .............................................................................  
1,562.1 
 
1,427.1 
Derivatives ...............................................................................................  
7,910.9 
 
4,326.3 
Total current liabilities ...........................................................................  
66,994.1 
 
64,410.8 
Liabilities classified as held for sale .......................................................  
29.4 
 
461.5 
Total Group equity and liabilities ..........................................................  
98,633.9 
 
90,177.3 
 
* 
Restated as a result of amendments to the provisional assessment of the identifiable assets acquired in the acquisition of Puma 
Energy. For further details, see notes 2.6 and 7.2 of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the 
year ended 30 September 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
With respect to liabilities, long-term and short-term loans and borrowings decreased by 13 per cent. as at 30 
September 2022, driven primarily by a decrease in short-term debt, reflecting the improved working capital 
management which resulted in a decrease in inventories, while oil traded volumes were slightly reduced. 
Similar to the trend on trade and other receivables, trade and other payables grew by 12 per cent. to USD 
25.6 billion, mostly due to higher commodity prices. There was also an increase in current derivatives 
positions, predominantly caused by physical forward contracts (mostly related to LNG trades) – it is of note 
that the losses/gains booked on these contracts are offset by similar losses/gains on associated cash settled 
hedge derivatives, resulting in no net loss/profit being taken on such forward physical contracts. 
Group equity was USD 15,079 million as at 30 September 2022, up from USD 10,546 million as at 30 
September 2021. Such increase year-on-year, by a record USD 4,533 million, is the result of significant 
retained earnings (only partly offset by USD 1.7 billion in dividends).

--- Page 120 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Cash Flow  
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Year ended 30 September 
 
2022 
 
2021 
USD million 
 
Operating cash flow before working capital changes.................................  
12,125.0 
 
6,988.3 
Cash generated from/(used in) operating activities ....................................  
15,955.2 
 
881.8 
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities ..............................................  
13,744.9 
 
(233.5) 
Net cash from/(used in) investing activities...............................................  
(535.7) 
 
(2,727.9) 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities ..............................................  
(9,005.4) 
 
7,881.9 
Net increase/(decrease)in cash and cash equivalents .................................  
4,203.8 
 
4,920.5 
Cash and cash equivalents at 30 September ..............................................  
14,881.3 
 
10,677.5 
 
The Group’s trading performance continued to generate strong cash flows, with operating cash flow before 
working capital changes of USD 12,125 million for financial year ended 30 September 2022, an increase 
from USD 6,988 million for financial year ended 30 September 2021. The Group believes this operating cash 
flow metric is the most reliable measures of financial performance, since the level of working capital is 
predominantly driven by prevailing commodity prices and such price variations are financed under the 
Group’s self-liquidating finance lines. Over the years, cash outflows/inflows from changes in working capital 
have mostly been netted off by drawdowns/repayments under the Group’s transactional lines. 
For the financial year ended 30 September 2022, net cash generated by operating activities was higher as 
compared to the financial year ended 30 September 2021, at USD 13,745 million compared to negative USD 
234 million, reflecting the Group’s strong organic cash flow generation and reduction in inventories. 
Investing activities resulted in a net cash use of USD 536 million for the financial year ended 30 September 
2022 compared to an outflow of USD 2,728 million for the financial year ended 30 September 2021. Higher 
cash outflow in 2021 was partly driven by the Vostok Oil investment made in December 2020, noting that 
the Company exited this investment in July 2022 following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.  
For the financial year ended 30 September 2022, net cash flows used in financing activities was USD 9,005 
million, compared to an inflow of USD 7,882 million for the financial year ended 30 September 2021. The 
Group was able to decrease the use of financing lines even though the balance sheet grew thanks to 
exceptional cash generation and an improved working capital cycle. 
The overall balance of cash and cash equivalents as of 30 September 2022 was USD 14,881 million, 
compared to USD 10,678 million as at 30 September 2021, including USD 8.6 billion of immediately (same 
day) available cash in liquidity funds. 
Operating Free Cash Flow (“Operating FCF”) 
The Group’s funding model is structurally designed to absorb significant working capital requirements, as 
demonstrated over time. Therefore, the Group’s underlying financial performance and leverage position is 
better assessed on the basis of Operating FCF generation, which is defined as operating cashflow before 
working capital changes, minus net interest paid, tax and net cash used in investing activities. 
To understand the Group’s underlying cash flow generation, focus should be on the Operating FCF generation. 
Movements in underlying commodity prices, alongside changes in volume, can cause significant swings in 
cash flow generated by changes in working capital. These drivers have little impact on underlying 
performance, given price risk is systematically hedged. Short-term financing is used to finance outflows 
where required and these items therefore largely net off from a cash flow perspective. 
The Group continued to generate strong Operating FCF in the financial year 2022 of USD 9,379 million 
(USD 8,148 million when eliminating USD 1,231 million in payments of lease liabilities, in relation to IFRS 
16). This reflects the Group’s consistent cash flow generation since the financial year 2016, in conjunction 
with an updated investment approach following a phase of strategic investments in the 2013-2015 period. 
From the financial year 2017 to the financial year 2020, the Group reduced its annual Capex (as defined 
below) spent, with a Capex (net of divestments) threshold of USD 500 million per year, often including 
partners when directly making new investments, and worked on the disposal of non-core assets. It is also

--- Page 121 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
worth noting that Operating FCF has largely covered the Group’s share buybacks over the last six years, 
which further demonstrates the Group’s commitment to a conservative capital structure, increasing the 
Group’s equity base from USD 5.8 billion at 30 September 2016 to USD 15.1 billion at 30 September 2022. 
OPERATING FREE CASH FLOW AFTER ADJUSTING FOR IFRS 16 LEASE LIABILITIES 
(USD MILLION)* 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* 
As from 1 October 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16. Operating Free Cash Flow as presented above excludes the impact of 
IFRS 16. Compliance with IFRS 16 would increase the financial year 2022, 2021 and 2020 Operating FCF by USD 1,231 million, 
USD 1,045 million and USD 999 million, respectively. 
Adjusted Debt to Group Equity Ratio 
As a physical trading group, the Group relies on a specific funding model. As a result, the financial analysis 
framework for typical industrial companies may not apply. For the Group and its peers, banks and investors 
have historically considered financial leverage after excluding some specific balance sheet items (for 
example, inventories or non-recourse securitisation programmes), resulting in the use of adjusted debt as 
an appropriate leverage metric. The following adjustments are made to calculate the Group’s adjusted debt 
metric: 
• 
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits are deducted from total debt as reported;  
 
• 
Pre-sold or hedged stock is deducted from debt (including purchased and prepaid inventories 
which are being released). This reflects the great liquidity of the stock and the ease at which this 
could be converted to cash. As previously described, the Group's policy is to have 100 per cent. of 
stock hedged or pre-sold at all times;  
 
• 
The Trade Receivables Securitisation Programmes are taken out on the basis that they are entirely 
distinct legal entities from the Group, with no recourse to the Group, and are only consolidated 
into the financial statements in accordance with the Group’s accounting rules; and 
 
• 
Non-recourse invoice discounting or specific portion of loans (for example, non-recourse portions 
of bank lines used to extend prepayments to counterparties) are deducted from total debt as 
reported. 
The ratio of adjusted debt to Group equity moved to negative 0.47x as of 30 September 2022, compared to 
negative 0.21x as of 30 September 2020. This reduction principally reflected strong retained earnings 
during the year, continued strong cash flow generation and improved working capital. In more details, key 
drivers were: 
• 
Approximately USD 4.5 billion increase in Group equity thanks to significant retained earnings in 
the financial year ended 30 September 2022 (resulting from strong profitability measured dividend 
pay-out policy);

--- Page 122 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
• 
Steady cash generation with approximately USD 8.1 billion in Operating Free Cash Flow after 
deducting lease financial liabilities (i.e. the IFRS 16 impact); and 
• 
Decrease in total debt, thanks to the reduction in Trafigura’s inventories. 
It is important to note that the nature of this ratio means it fluctuates over time, as it is highly correlated to 
commodity prices. Whilst the ratio of adjusted debt to Group equity was particularly low as of 30 September 
2022, the Group’s intention remains to maintain it to a level of around 1.0x. Any upward fluctuation of this 
ratio towards 1.0x in the future should not be considered as a sign of the Group relaxing its disciplined 
effort to maintain a solid credit standing. 
Reconciliation from loans and borrowings to adjusted debt and adjusted debt to group equity ratio 
 
30 Sep 
2022 
30 Sep  
2021 
30 Sep  
2020 
30 Sep  
2019 
30 Sep  
2018 
USD million 
 
 
 
Non-current loans and borrowings ....... 
9,614.5 
10,911.6 
7,070.1 
8,492.1 
8,462.1 
Current loans and borrowings .............. 
29,663.6 
34,269.5 
25,783.5 
22,455.5 
23,741.6 
Total debt as reported ....................... 
39,278.1 
45,181.1 
32,853.6 
30,947.6 
32,203.7 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ................... 
(14,881.3) 
(10,677.5) 
(5,757.0) 
(6,267.2) 
(5,355.8) 
Deposits .............................................. 
(642.0) 
(460.0) 
(466.0) 
(374.2) 
(334.4) 
Inventories including pre-sold / hedged 
inventories ........................................... 
 
(23,873.6) 
 
(30,508.8)  
 
(20,921.8) 
 
(14,137.2) 
 
(15,620.6) 
Securitisation debt ............................... 
(5390.7) 
(5,150.6) 
(2,750.6) 
(4,422.1) 
(4,294.1) 
Non-recourse debt ............................... 
(1,607.1) 
(555.4)  
(198.4)  
(437.2) 
(562.2) 
Adjusted total debt ............................ 
(7,116.6) 
(2,171.3)  
2,759.8  
5,309.7  
6,036.6  
Group equity ....................................... 
15,078.6 
10,545.6 
7,789.9 
6,804.7 
6,250.1 
Adjusted debt / Group equity............ 
(0.47)x 
(0.21)x 
0.35x  
0.78x  
0.97x  
 
Corporate Debt to EBITDA Ratio  
As mentioned above, there are some limitations to using the adjusted debt metric, primarily as it does not 
fully account for the Group’s approach to working capital financing and therefore remains correlated to 
moves in commodity prices and traded volumes. Therefore, the Group is also using another leverage ratio 
referred to as corporate debt to EBITDA ratio, defined as corporate debt divided by underlying EBITDA. 
The Group believes this is a more relevant ratio for senior creditors than only cash adjusted debt to Group 
equity ratio. 
In particular, the adjusted debt to Group equity ratio does not take into account the excess of trade receivables 
over trade payables which would be available to senior creditors in the case of liquidation. Commodity 
receivables typically have a short duration (in general 1 to 3 months) and very low default rate due to the 
strategic nature of the goods. By deducting the excess of trade receivables over trade payables, the corporate 
debt excludes any working-capital related indebtedness. Such indebtedness is not repaid by the organic cash 
flow generation of the Group but rather by the completion of the trade flow cycle (through the payment of 
the invoice or the resale of the commodity). As a result, corporate debt focuses on debt which is repaid by 
underlying EBITDA generation. It considers all debt, whether short-term or long-term, and removes: 
• 
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits; 
• 
Pre-sold or hedged stock (including purchased and pre-paid inventories being released); 
• 
Trade receivables in excess of trade payables (including derivatives); and 
• 
Any corporate debt for which lenders do not have recourse to the Group (e.g. non-recourse portion 
of bank financings used to extend prepayments to counterparties).

--- Page 123 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
It is important to note that the Trade Receivables Securitisation Programmes do not need to be deducted 
separately since the excess trade receivables would capture it. Likewise, non-recourse debt relating to invoice 
discounting is not considered in order to avoid double counting (as receivables in excess of payables are 
already deducted).  
Following an intensive cycle of investments in fixed assets from the financial year 2012 to the financial year 
2015, the Group decided in the financial year 2017 to limit total annual capital expenditures and investments 
(net of divestments) to USD 500 million for the years to come. This decision combined with strong Operating 
FCF generation starting from the financial year 2016 led to a strong reduction in corporate debt level as of 
the end of the financial year 2017. The increase of approximately USD 1.2 billion in corporate debt during 
the financial year 2018 was mainly related to an increase in long-term loans and borrowings, as a result of a 
USD 500 million perpetual bond repayment and significant collateral posting in relation to LNG and US 
crude hedges. Further, the increase of approximately USD 450 million in corporate debt during the financial 
year ended 30 September 2019 was primarily driven by higher prepayments and the repayment of the SGD 
200 million perpetual bond. The sharp decrease in corporate debt over the financial year ended 30 September 
2020 was mostly driven by an exceptional cash generation level mentioned previously while limiting capital 
expenditures (net of divestments), as underlying EBITDA increased 2.2 times compared to the previous year 
(on a like-for-like basis – excluding the effect of IFRS 16). 
Over the financial year ended 30 September 2021, corporate debt increased again, by approximately USD 
2.1 billion, mostly due to an increase in debt following the consolidation of Puma Energy, together with cash 
outflows relating to payment of margin calls on LNG hedges. This more than offset a record underlying 
EBITDA generation over that financial year, which increased by 13 per cent. compared to financial year 
ended 30 September 2020. As of 30 September 2022, corporate debt stood at a negative USD 1.4 billion, a 
significant decrease compared to USD 3.1 billion as of 30 September 2021, driven by the exceptional cash 
generation of USD 8.1 billion Operating FCF (after IFRS 16 adjustment). The ratio of corporate debt to 
EBITDA decreased from 0.4x as of 30 September 2021 to negative 0.1x as of 30 September 2022, as reduced 
corporate debt was combined with a strong 73 per cent. increase in underlying EBITDA. Noting that the 
Company keeps its long-term target for this ratio in the range of 2.0x to 3.0x, a level consistent with an 
investment grade profile.

--- Page 124 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Reconciliation from loans and borrowings to corporate debt and corporate debt to EBITDA ratio 
 
30 
Sep 
2022 
30 Sep   
2021 
30 Sep  
2020  
30 Sep  
2019  
30 Sep  
2018  
USD million 
 
 
 
Non-current loans and borrowings ......  
9,614.5 
10,911.6 
7,070.1 
8,492.1 
8,462.1 
Current loans and borrowings .............  
29,663.6 
34,269.5 
25,783.5 
22,455.5 
23,741.6 
Total debt as reported ......................  
39,278.1 
45,181.1 
32,853.6 
30,947.6 
32,203.7 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ..................  (14,881.3) 
(10,677.5) 
(5,757.0) 
(6,267.2) 
(5,355.8) 
Deposits .............................................  
(642.0) 
(460.0) 
(466.0) 
(374.2) 
(334.4) 
Inventories including pre-sold / hedged 
inventories ..........................................  (23,873.6) 
(30,508.8) 
(20,921.8) 
(14,137.2) 
(15,620.6) 
Trade receivables in excess of trade 
payables* ...........................................  
(1,249.1) 
(387.4) 
(4,709.1) 
(5,010.0) 
(6,064.4) 
Non-recourse debt ..............................  
(25.9) 
(17.2) 
(4.0) 
(87.1) 
(202.2) 
Corporate debt..................................  
(1,393.8) 
3,130.1 
995.8 
5,071.9 
4,626.3 
Underlying EBITDA5 last 12 months.. 
  12,088.6 
6,995.5 
6,164.7 
2,223.7 
1,867.7 
Corporate 
debt/ 
Underlying 
EBITDA ...............................................  
(0.1)x  
0.4x 
0.2x  
2.3x  
2.5x  
* Deferred revenue was reclassified from trade and other payables to other current liabilities in financial year 
2021.  Information for financial years ended 30 September 2018, 2019 and 2020 has been restated to reflect 
this. 
Description of the Group 
History of the Group 
The Group was established in 1993 as a private group of companies owned by its core founding shareholders, 
and today remains exclusively owned by its management and key senior employees. It has transformed from 
a niche trader into a worldwide player, one of the few independent global trading houses. At its creation, the 
Group started by focusing on three markets in which it had extensive expertise: oil and minerals in South 
America, metals in Eastern Europe and oil in Africa. The Group rapidly expanded its activities geographically 
through internal growth, marginal acquisitions and strategic alliances to create a globally diversified company. 
The Group has been profitable every year since inception in 1993. The Group has performed strongly 
throughout various commodity cycles and periods of high price volatility as well as during the economic 
crises – as demonstrated again in recent years, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, with strong performance in 
an extraordinary period for the global economy, including commodity markets. Trafigura’s performance in 
the financial year ended 30 September 2022 again set new records in terms of overall profitability. Net profit, 
underlying EBITDA and turnover for the year were the highest in Trafigura’s 29-year history, consolidating 
the strong performance in 2021. Those results demonstrated a structural rebasing of the quality and 
consistency of the Group’s financial performance and service to suppliers and customers. The Company also 
made excellent progress over the course of the year in further diversifying its business to play a meaningful 
role in the ongoing energy transition. 
Today, the Group operates in a market space previously dominated by major producers, which have since 
focused on upstream exploration and production and have reduced involvement in distribution activities. As 
a consequence, the Group is part of a small group of global players, with a strong asset footprint to support 
                                                        
5 Underlying EBITDA is defined as operating profit or loss before depreciation and amortisation excluding share-based payments 
(non-cash) and exceptional and/or non-operational items. As from 1 October 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16. The impact 
of IFRS 16 on underlying EBITDA for the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to +USD 1,358 million, +USD 1,270 
million and +USD 1,194 million, respectively. Prior year numbers have not been restated for IFRS 16. For further details regarding 
underlying EBITDA, see page 178.

--- Page 125 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
physical trading activities. Given the Group’s global presence and scale, there continues to be scope for 
growth in its core commodity markets. Since the Group is exclusively owned by its management and 
employees, it is therefore focused on the long term success of the business, promoting management depth 
and stability, and encouraging prudent risk management. 
Business Model Principles 
The Group pursues a low risk physical arbitrage model, purchasing and delivering products to customer 
specifications. The Group systematically hedges all index price exposure related to its physical business and 
consequently movements in the index price do not impact profitability. The Group is a commodity logistics 
company, which works with real commodities for industrial clients and whose paper trading activities relate 
predominantly to the hedging of its physical business and not to speculative trading. 
The Group creates value by optimising the supply chain of its customers and exploiting natural, low risk, 
physical arbitrage opportunities in the marketplace. The Group’s principal activity involves the ‘high-touch’ 
distribution and logistics of physical commodities: purchasing raw commodities, potentially 
blending/transforming them, and then supplying them to customers at the right time, the right location and 
with the right specifications. In parallel, the Group manages all aspects related to the trade flows including 
logistics, price and counterparty risk management and financing. Profit is therefore generated from the 
volatility of supply and demand, and the value generated through the control and management of the supply 
chain. 
The Group's business model is built on four pillars: 
• 
Non-speculative arbitrage-based model whereby the embedded price risk in the physical flows is 
systematically hedged; 
• 
Strong risk management philosophy which has been entrenched since the Group's foundation; 
• 
Diversification in terms of product range, geography and clients which balances revenues and 
absorbs volatility in cycles; and 
• 
Private ownership structure which promotes management depth and stability and ensures business 
continuity as employee shareholders' long term interest is fully aligned with the sustained 
performance of the Group. 
 
Physical Arbitrage-Based Model 
Unlike the derivatives markets where transactions (and arbitrage positions) are closed within seconds, 
capitalising on physical arbitrage opportunities requires delivery of the commodity over time and therefore 
value can only be extracted by those who have access to physical commodities and an extensive logistics 
network. While increased market volatility can generate a larger number of opportunities, the Group 
remains profitable during periods of lower volatility due to its global presence and diversification of 
geographical markets, customers and products. 
Arbitrage opportunities exist in several forms and can be related to geography, product specs, timing and 
optionality of contract. 
Geographical Arbitrage 
The Group’s global reach means it sources and sells products across the world. The combination of the 
expertise of its traders and knowledge of the global freight markets allows it to constantly optimise the 
geographical location of its supply and demand, reducing logistical costs. This allows the Group to provide 
products to its customers quickly and at a competitive price, underlining the effectiveness of its business 
model.

--- Page 126 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Technical Arbitrage 
Due to the Group's extensive logistical and storage networks, the Group is able to blend products in order 
to meet individual customer's specifications. This allows the Group the flexibility to offer tailor made 
products to its customers and obtain on specification products at the lowest possible cost. The Group is able 
to capitalise on such opportunities by virtue of its deep understanding of both market requirements for 
specific products, its technical comprehension and ability to blend products to required specifications. 
Time Arbitrage 
The Group's cost-efficient storage network also affords it the opportunity to take advantage of changes in 
market conditions over a period of time. In a "contango" market, where forward prices are higher than 
current spot prices, the Group is able to buy and place cargoes in storage whilst selling the equivalent 
forward contract. As long as the cost of storage and the transaction doesn't exceed the price differential 
between the forward and spot rates, the Group is able to lock in profit with very little risk.  
Importantly, the Group can benefit from such arbitrages in a variety of ways by combining physical, product, 
and time arbitrages according to each specific market opportunity. The Group's strength lies in being able 
to resort to its extensive logistics and warehousing network, the Group's experience with blending material 
to customers' required specifications and the Group's strong local network that provides a key advantage in 
accessing first hand market intelligence. 
Contractual Arbitrage 
Contractual arbitrage is linked to pricing options provided in the contract between the Group and the buying 
or selling party in a transaction. For some customers, the Group can choose the pricing period for a given 
contract. This can include, for example, pricing based on an average price of month before or after the 
loading of a cargo. Such flexibility in pricing provides an extra level of optionality. 
Company Structure 
The Group's parent company, TGPL (as defined below), is a company incorporated under the laws of 
Singapore. 
The Group is composed of a number of trading companies and industrial asset-based businesses related to 
its core trading activities. TPTE (as defined below), incorporated in Singapore, is the entity through which 
the majority of the Group's physical trades are booked, with US trading booked through its US-domiciled 
entity TTL (as defined below), a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware. In addition, the Group 
directly or indirectly owns stakes in different assets (including oil storage, metals warehousing and mining 
assets) that allow the Group to improve logistics, increase volumes, reduce costs or add a new revenue 
generating activity to its trading portfolio (main entities are described hereafter). 
At the end of the Group's 30 September 2015 financial year the Group's incumbent reference parent entity, 
TBBV (as defined below), was converted into a holding company and another existing Singaporean entity, 
TGPL, became the reference parent entity and the consolidating entity for the Group. The reorganisation 
was an important step in creating greater consistency across the Group's structure. The decision to make 
Singapore the domicile of the main trading entity was commercially driven and reflects the Group's 
commitment to the strategically important and rapidly growing Asian market. 
A simplified summary chart of the Group structure is provided below:

--- Page 127 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
THE GROUP’S CORPORATE STRUCTURE (AS OF SEPTEMBER 2022) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Group trades globally, so to consider the trading volumes and related financial statements of individual 
regionally focused subsidiaries is less important because these depend on the structure of the global market 
itself and as such, the Group believes it is best considered as a consolidated entity. For example, the financial 
statements of TTL will depend on the oil market demand and arbitrage opportunities available in the United 
States. As a result, the profitability and cash flow generation of individual subsidiaries can vary considerably 
year on year. 
Within the consolidated Group, the principal entities are as follows: 
Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. (“TGPL”) 
• 
Corporate head office 
• 
Parent company and consolidating entity for the 
Group 
Trafigura Funding S.A. (“TFSA” and 
the “Issuer”)  
• 
Wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL  
• 
Engaged in capital market transactions and private 
placements for the Group  
Trafigura Pte. Ltd. (“TPTE”)  
• 
Wholly owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Engaged in buying and selling commodities 
(Group’s main trading entity), operating through key 
offices in Singapore and Geneva (Switzerland). 
• 
Booking centre for all derivative transactions within 
the Group. 
Trafigura Trading LLC (“TTL”)  
• 
Wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Responsible for conducting trading business in the 
U.S. 
Trafigura Investment China Co Ltd. 
("TIC") 
• 
Wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Responsible for conducting trading business in 
China 
Puma Energy Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
(together with its subsidiaries, “Puma 
Energy Group”) 
• 
Wholly owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Holds the Group’s 96.7 per cent. ownership in Puma 
Energy 
Impala Holdings Limited (together 
with 
its 
subsidiaries, 
“Impala 
Terminals Group”) 
• 
Wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Consolidates the bulk-commodity warehousing and 
logistics activities which do not fall under the joint 
venture agreement with IFM Investors (the Simba 
JV and Infra JV) 
Urion Holdings (Malta) Limited and 
Urion Mining International B.V. 
(together 
with 
respective 
subsidiaries, “Mining Group”) 
• 
Wholly owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Managing the Group's mining related investments

--- Page 128 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
Nyrstar Netherlands (Holdings) B.V. 
(together 
with 
its 
subsidiaries, 
“Nyrstar”) 
• 
Wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of TGPL 
• 
Holding of the Group’s 100 per cent. ownership in 
the operating business of Nyrstar 
 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group also owns:  
• 
Shipstern Holdings S.à R.L. which in turn owns 50 per cent. interest in two joint ventures with IFM 
Investors ("IFM"): 
o 
the Simba JV (established in 2018): owning and operating dry bulk infrastructure assets 
in Mexico, Spain, Peru and Paraguay, together with a global freight forwarding operation; 
and 
o 
the Infra JV (established in 2021): owning and operating energy infrastructure assets 
recently acquired from Puma Energy in the UK, Central America, Mauritius, Namibia, 
UAE, Australia and Tasmania; together recently renamed as ITG; 
• 
50 per cent. interest in the Nala Renewables JV with IFM, investing in solar, wind and power 
storage projects globally; and 
• 
75 per cent. interest in TFG Marine Pte Ltd, a global marine fuel supply and procurement joint 
venture created by Trafigura and shipping firms Frontline and Golden Ocean. 
Office Network 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group's network of 61 offices, with activities in 156 countries, employs local 
marketing representatives who are the main day to day contacts with the customers in their given regions. 
This network provides the main traders with "hands on" market knowledge (trading conditions and 
characteristics) and valuable contacts in every jurisdiction. Relationships with suppliers and customers are 
also enhanced by this close proximity generating significant benefits for the Group's sourcing and 
distribution capabilities. These field offices and agencies liaise directly with the main offices and trade 
under the supervision of the main trading centres, although all contracts are executed centrally. They report 
regularly to the entire Group as well as on an ad hoc basis by telephone and videoconference. This 
organisation gives access to expertise and promotes flexibility so that the Group can benefit from market 
opportunities while efficiently controlling risk. 
The finance, liquidity management, risk management and legal functions are centralised in Geneva with 
local representatives in the main trading offices. This centralisation enables the Group to maintain strict 
control over its financial position and its risk exposure.

--- Page 129 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
KEY GLOBAL LOCATIONS 
 
 
Business Operations 
Oil and Petroleum Products6 
The Group's energy related trading activities are conducted through its offices in Beijing, Calgary, Geneva, 
Houston, Montevideo, Mumbai and Singapore and its network of branch offices and agencies. 
Revenue generated by the energy segment, which combines the oil and petroleum products business and 
the power and renewable division, makes up the majority of Group turnover. The division reported revenue 
of USD 214 billion (67 per cent. of total revenue) in the financial year ended 30 September 2022, an increase 
of 53 per cent. year-on-year, reflecting higher commodity prices. The Group traded an average of 6.6 
million barrels of oil and petroleum products per day in the financial year ended 30 September 2022, a 6 
per cent. decrease over the prior year. This was due to a reduction in oil and petroleum volumes in the 
second half of the financial year which was primarily driven by the termination of long-term contracts for 
Russian crude oil and products in light of international sanctions, reduced availability of hedging in 
derivatives markets, and a decision to focus on higher-margin opportunities. 
As significant dislocations continued to affect global markets during the financial year ended 30 September 
2022, in particular following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the oil and petroleum products teams performed 
exceptionally well, adapting quickly to changing trade flows and identifying supply bottlenecks where 
Group’s operations could add value in markets including crude oil, distillates and LNG. Trafigura navigated 
policy, price volatility, market liquidity and increasingly complex logistics to deliver a larger number of 
cargoes to Europe to help offset the decline in Russian gas flows. 
The Group is primarily active in physical oil trading including transportation by vessel, pipeline or railcar 
and is correspondingly active in the futures, swaps, and options markets, predominantly for hedging 
purposes. In addition, whilst oil will remain important and required for many years, through the energy 
transition process, the Group is currently focusing on providing cleaner fuels and investing in alternative 
energy sources. 
                                                        
6 Most financial figures are now reported with reference to the Energy segment, which includes both the Group’s oil and petroleum 
products and power and renewables divisions.

--- Page 130 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
The Group trades crude and refined products with a diverse customer base including electric utilities, oil 
refiners, distributors and state monopolies. Clients include Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell amongst 
others, while key suppliers include Saudi Aramco, SK Energy or TotalEnergies amongst others. 
Historically, about a third of the volumes traded are on one-year contracts or more, with the rest on shorter 
term contracts or on a spot basis. In this market, however, it is important to note that due to control over 
the logistical chain and assets, spot purchases/sales are often recurring and can be viewed as stable long 
term positions. Therefore, while these contracts are short-term and on a revolving basis, they can be thought 
of as de-facto recurring. This structure provides the Group with a flexible trading portfolio with a near term 
maturity bias, while simultaneously avoiding sole dependency on spot trades or risk associated with long-
term maturities.  
Many of these trading relationships are deepened by the giving and receiving of credit lines. These 
significant relationships all span in excess of a decade and represent a cross section of business activities 
ranging from spot and term business in different product lines. The Group’s top ten clients in the oil division 
made up less than 24 per cent. of overall oil revenue in financial year ended 30 September 2022, generally 
in line with financial year ended 30 September 2021. No single external customer accounted for more than 
3.2 per cent. of overall oil and petroleum products turnover. 
Statistics on market share of the oil market are not available. However, the following market share estimates 
are based on the Group’s market experience. It is estimated that: 
• 
About half of the world market is international non-traded business, i.e. handled by producers 
directly to consumers (for example, none of the approximately 10-12 mbpd of Saudi crude oil is 
traded as it is sold directly to end users) or domestic non-traded business (for example, about 4 
mbpd produced and consumed in China, and similar amounts in Russia, the United States, etc.); 
• 
As a result, about half of the volume represents the ‘tradable market’, i.e. the international oil traded 
market where physical traders such as the Group operate. 
The Group’s oil volumes have increased significantly and consistently during the 2014-2018 period, along 
with its corresponding market share. In 2019 and 2020, oil traded volumes remained in the range of 5.7 
mbpd, with the Group initially focusing on the most profitable trades and then managing the reduced 
demand due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, over 2021, the oil and petroleum products division 
traded on average approximately 7.0 mbpd underpinned by the recovery of the global economy, and related 
demand, and the Group’s increased market share gained through continued reliable client service and ample 
access to liquidity during 2021. Traded volumes slightly decreased over financial year ended 30 September 
2022 mostly driven by the termination of long-term contracts with Russia, following the invasion of 
Ukraine.  
HISTORICAL AVERAGE DAILY TRADING VOLUMES OF OIL AND PETROLEUM 
PRODUCTS (MBBL/DAY)7 
 
 
                                                        
7 Defined as volumes which are not distributed by producers directly to consumers.

--- Page 131 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group estimates that it trades the second largest volume in oil and petroleum 
products for an independent trading company after Vitol. The entire market remains very fragmented with 
no company representing more than 10 per cent. of total physical trading market volume. 
Metals and Minerals 
Centralised in Geneva, Switzerland, the Group’s non-ferrous metals activities comprise four main trading 
books including copper, lead & zinc, alumina and aluminium, and nickel & cobalt. Post-restructuring in 
2019, the division formally integrated the concentrates and refined books for each product, together with 
associated derivatives desk – noting that the Group also trades silver and gold as by-products. The financial 
year ended 30 September 2020 was the first complete year following this restructuring and integration 
proved successful. During the financial year ended 30 September 2022, the Group continued to reap the 
fruits of this decision, resulting into more seamless collaboration, sharing of market intelligence, and 
ultimately, better customer service.  
The Company’s minerals activities include the iron ore and coal trading books. Similar to the oil business, 
no price-risk is taken on the physical business and the hedging of the index price on physical trades occurs 
through Trafigura Pte. Ltd., which acts as an internal broker. Apart from Geneva, other key trading offices 
for the metals and minerals commodities business include Johannesburg, Houston, Lima, Mexico City, 
Montevideo, Mumbai, Shanghai and Singapore. 
Revenue generated by the metals and minerals division, and related industrial activities, represented 33 per 
cent. of the Group’s turnover in the financial year ended 30 September 2022. The segment reported 
revenues of USD 104 billion in the financial year ended 30 September 2022, an increase of 15 per cent. 
year-on-year, due to a robust increase in volumes traded, particularly for bulk minerals, and higher average 
commodity prices (especially over first half of the financial year ended 30 September 2022). While 
non‑ferrous metals traded volumes were relatively flat compared to financial year ended 30 September 
2021, at 23.3 million metric tonnes, bulk minerals volumes, rose by 10 per cent. to 91.3 million metric 
tonnes, driven by increased iron ore volumes. The main driver for market dynamics in 2022 was Chinese 
demand. China’s zero-COVID‑19 policy and weak property sector drove investor sentiment, which put 
pressure on prices during second half of the year. In this environment, the metals and minerals teams 
delivered a robust performance, as supply and demand fundamentals remain strong in many of the metals 
crucial to the energy transition. 
Metals and minerals are traded with a diversified customer base ranging from mining and integrated mining 
companies to smelters and refined metals retailers. Major clients include Jinchuan Group, Aurubis Group, 
Yunnan Copper, China-Base Ningbo, amongst others. The Group has also been taking advantage of various 
recent investments which offer synergies with its core trading activities by facilitating recurrent supplies 
and outlets, whilst having their own industrial rationale. During the financial year 30 September 2022, 
synergies have continued to be derived from the close cooperation between the lead and zinc trading desk 
and Nyrstar smelting business (acquired in July 2019 following a restructuring process) and other asset 
investments, including the acquisition of a minority interest in the Prony Resources nickel mining operation 
in New Caledonia in March 2021. These assets bring optionality and flexibility to the trading books. 
The growth of Asian metals consumption, driven by significant smelting and refining capacity in China and 
India can be seen in the Group's metals and minerals revenue split. The growth of the Group's Asian revenue 
is simply a reflection of the global market rather than the build-up of a niche trading geography. In any 
case, the Group's bulk commodity revenue remains very diverse on a customer basis. 
Approximately half of the Group's refined metals contracts are on a one-year basis, with contracts typically 
agreed around October or November for the coming year. Other contracts are traded on a spot basis. In the 
concentrates business around half of contracts are annual or multi-year including evergreen (i.e. indefinite) 
with negotiated pricing for up to three years ahead. Again, other contracts are traded on a spot basis. 
Over the financial year ended 30 September 2022, the Group’s top ten clients in the metals and minerals 
business made up approximately 17 per cent. of the division’s turnover, compared to 18 per cent. in the 
financial year 30 September 2021. No one customer accounted for more than 2.5 per cent. of overall Metals 
and Minerals turnover. 
As mentioned earlier, the dominant theme in financial year ended 30 September 2022 was Chinese demand, 
overwhelming all other factors, including record low inventories for key metals such as copper. The impact

--- Page 132 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
of China’s zero-COVID‑19 policy and weak property sector drove investor sentiment to the degree that 
even though demand was strong in the second half of the year and stocks decreased, prices declined. 
Regarding the impact of the war in Ukraine, while Russia is an important producer of many metals, both in 
terms of widely-used base metals (aluminium, nickel, copper) and more specialised metals (titanium, 
palladium), the impact of the conflict has not been as significant as it has been in the energy markets, as 
sanctions were less focused on the sector. 
Copper is a particularly good example of this ‘micro’ versus ‘macro’ dichotomy. By the end of September 
2022, copper stocks had fallen to the lowest level in modern history in terms of days of use, and the lowest 
absolute levels since 2007. However, the price was USD 3,000 per tonne below the record levels reached 
in March. The price has started to pick up since the start of October, helped by a rebound in Chinese demand. 
The growth has been led by many of the same sectors that drove ex-China growth in the past, but with 
particular emphasis on the expansion of the grid and electric vehicle production. 
Many of the non‑ferrous metals the Group supplies have been identified as strategically important for 
electrification and the energy transition to low- and zero-emissions power and fuels that will be required to 
meet the world’s climate goals. This means that demand growth, which for many years had been mainly a 
Chinese phenomenon, is now global.  Despite this volatile environment, Trafigura has been able to navigate 
those changing dynamics and maintain the Group’s position as one of the world’s largest independent 
metals traders. This has been made possible thanks to Company’s global network of customer relationships 
among producers, refiners and consumers and the Group’s storage, blending, risk management and logistics 
capabilities. 
In bulk minerals, the Group’s iron ore business had a strong year, growing volumes and increasing market 
share. The coal trading business also experienced a stronger than average year due to increased price 
volatility, price dislocations and significant shifts in global trade flows. 
In the metals and minerals sector, similar to the energy sector, market share statistics are not freely available.  
However, Trafigura believes it is a significant purchaser and supplier of non-ferrous metals globally. The 
Group considers that in the metals sector it ranks as the second largest independent trader behind Glencore, 
with Glencore acting mostly as a marketer of their own captive production. The Group is active in all main 
producing areas such as South and Central America, the Far East and Eastern Europe and sells worldwide 
to industrial customers. 
Trafigura’s Role in the Energy Transition 
The Group’s role is to connect the world with the resources it needs. This includes supplying critical metals 
and minerals required for the transition to a low-carbon economy, and for reliable, affordable, cleaner 
energy. As one of the world’s largest suppliers of metals such as copper, nickel, zinc, aluminium and cobalt, 
the Group also has a key role to play in financing, responsibly sourcing and helping to decarbonise the 
production and supply of these transition metals. 
The world is moving fast towards a low-carbon future, and the metals the Company sources and supplies 
are crucial to this transition. Electrification and electric vehicle ("EV") sales are rising rapidly around the 
globe. Battery powered EVs contain significantly more aluminium, copper and nickel than internal 
combustion engine cars. Similarly, for wind and solar power compared to conventional thermal, the metal 
use is materially larger. This translates, into significant additional demand for these metals. To address this, 
Trafigura has invested to facilitate new sources of supply of nickel and cobalt – key components of lithium-
ion batteries for electric vehicles – including supporting the construction of a new, low-carbon intensity 
nickel sulphate plant at Terrafame in Finland. The Group has acquired a minority stake in the Prony 
Resources nickel and cobalt mine in New Caledonia, helping to secure long-term financing, technical and 
customer support, in collaboration with local stakeholders and the French government. As part of the 
Group’s initiative to link global car and battery companies to responsibly sourced metal producers, the 
Company is supporting the development of a new UK‑based refinery which will supply European EV and 
battery manufacturers with battery-grade lithium hydroxide. 
In addition, the Group has increased its efforts to develop the responsible sourcing of cobalt from formalised 
artisanal and small-scale mining in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the Group’s agreements 
with the state-owned entity established for this purpose, Enterprise Générale du Cobalt ("EGC"), and the 
international non-governmental organisation Pact. The Group’s work with EGC is an example of the 
Group’s leading responsible sourcing programme, through which the Group identifies and mitigates risks

--- Page 133 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
to people and the environment from its supply chain and works with suppliers to ensure that natural 
resources drive sustainable development. 
The Group is seeing increased interest in the traceability, responsible sourcing and carbon footprint of the 
commodities it supplies from its downstream customers across a number of sectors, in particular from 
manufacturers of electric vehicles, which are significantly more metals intensive. The Group already offers 
low-carbon zinc from Nyrstar’s European smelters, powered primarily by renewable energy, and low-
carbon aluminium through a financing facility, which enables it to pay premiums to suppliers for lower-
carbon production. The Group is now developing an innovative programme with leading blockchain 
tracking services provider Circulor to track dynamically and attribute GHG emissions throughout its nickel 
and cobalt supply chains, enabling the Group to offer customers low-carbon, responsibly sourced battery 
metals. In 2022, Trafigura partnered with Palantir to launch Agora – a proprietary carbon calculator which 
was developed to quantify supply chain emissions to provide customers with information about the carbon 
footprint of the commodities Trafigura supplies. The Agora platform enables companies to share and 
receive emissions data from operations and allows organisations to gain visibility into emissions across 
their supply chains using primary data where available. 
The transition to a low-carbon economy is both urgent and achievable, but the transition cannot happen 
overnight. At the same time, global energy demand continues to grow. Oil and gas will continue to be 
needed for many years to come, even as consumption of fossil fuels eventually declines over the next 
several decades. The Group believes that low-carbon intensity, low-cost and high-quality sources of oil and 
gas will be the most resilient and in greater demand over time. 
Over recent years, the Group has continued to diversify its energy trading book to reflect a changing global 
market, including reconfiguring and growing its biofuels business. Now an integral element of the Group’s 
refined products offering, the Group offers customers tailored solutions to reduce their carbon footprint, 
supplying biofuels produced from secondary recycled oil and purpose-grown crops across a range of 
markets from road transportation to maritime bunker fuels. 
Carbon intensity is also becoming a major new specification in oil and gas markets, and the Group is 
working with a growing number of producers and customers to quantify, reduce and find solutions to abate 
or compensate upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions. This includes, for example, an agreement with Rosneft 
to verify and identify opportunities to reduce GHG emissions associated with the production and 
transportation of Rosneft’s export crude oil from three major ports. 
Climate change is a key strategic focus for Trafigura. Following significant progress in reducing Scope 1 
and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from the Group’s operations by 30 per cent. since 2020, the 
Company has revised its climate change strategy and set longer term targets. 
Indeed, this year, the Group has set three new climate change targets: 
1. To achieve a more than 50 per cent. reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by the end 
of financial year 2032 compared to financial year 2020. This new target is based upon maintaining 
the 30 per cent. reductions already achieved and reducing the Group’s total direct emissions by an 
additional 20 per cent. by financial year 2032. This target is aligned with the Paris agreement and a 
1.5°C reduction pathway; 
2. A new Scope 3 target to reduce the GHG intensity of all the non-ferrous metals Trafigura sources 
and supplies to customers, from extraction to processing, by 10 per cent. by 2030 compared to 2020. 
This new target reflects the Group’s position in the commodity supply chain and Trafigura’s 
ambition to reduce the emissions intensity of the commodities Trafigura supplies; and 
3. To invest in renewable hydrogen projects with a total production capacity of 3GW by the end of 
financial year 2030. 
Power and Renewables Division  
In November 2019, the Group announced the establishment of a new business line trading and investing in 
power and renewable energy. In the 2021 financial year, this vision took shape, with the ramp-up of 
electricity trading activities in Europe and the US, the creation of a carbon trading desk and investments in 
renewable power, battery storage and new energy technology projects. The focus during this first full year 
of operations was recruitment, setting strategy and establishing necessary infrastructure. The Group made 
a good start in trading both power and carbon. This activity generated underlying EBITDA of USD 80

--- Page 134 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
million. Combined investments by the Nala Renewables joint venture and the Group’s Clean Energy 
Ventures Fund amounted to more than USD 170 million. In October 2022, Trafigura announced the 
combination of its trading activities in natural gas, liquified natural gas, power and carbon into a new 
division: gas and power trading; with a separate renewable energy division covering investments in 
renewable power, green hydrogen and clean energy technologies. 
Achieving profitability in the first year of trading activity is encouraging and underlines the Group’s view 
that the Power and Renewables division is set to become a third significant pillar of the Group’s trading 
business alongside Oil and Petroleum Products and Metals and Minerals. Of particular interest are the 
synergies with other parts of the Group’s business. Power trading is a natural complement to the Group’s 
established positions in gas, for example, while carbon trading enables the Group to offer a range of new 
services to its clients, including carbon-offset investments. 
Power trading 
2022 was one of the most extraordinary years in the energy markets in general and in power in particular, 
with geopolitical events changing trade flows and impacting supply and demand. This placed significant 
strains on the liquidity and risk appetite of market participants. As a result, the ability to hedge physical 
price risk in the futures market became much more challenging. 
The Power Trading team managed the turbulent conditions, growing business in Europe and the US and 
entering into several new types of transactions, including agreements to purchase battery capacity. Overall, 
trading volumes increased in financial year ended 30 September 2022, while profitability was slightly down 
compared to the previous year.  
In 2022, the decision was made to combine gas, power and carbon teams into a new division, which will 
allow for closer cooperation across the energy generation spectrum from fuel to power, including carbon 
permits and renewable certificates, and help facilitate business development. Looking ahead, higher capital 
requirements and greater regulatory intervention may lead to structural changes in the power market and 
also the competitive landscape. In particular, long-term hedging of energy offtake agreements may become 
challenging for some market participants. Trafigura’s focus for the next 12 months will be to expand 
physical footprint in the power market globally and continue to build customer base. 
Carbon trading 
In April 2021, the Group announced the establishment of a new carbon trading desk, focused on global 
compliance and voluntary carbon markets. Both categories of carbon market are the subject of increasing 
trading interest: the price of carbon allowances in regulated emissions trading systems has been steadily 
rising, while voluntary markets are becoming increasingly relevant to corporations in meeting their net zero 
commitments.  
The Group’s carbon trading desk has three areas of priority focus: day trading and arbitrage in global 
compliance and voluntary markets; working with developers of carbon projects to structure and finance 
new transactions or the expansion of existing projects; and offering a suite of services to established 
Trafigura clients looking to reduce the carbon footprint of their supply chains.  
In its first full year of operation, the Carbon Trading team was active across global voluntary and regulatory 
markets and also invested in carbon removal projects as well as investment in technology to provide greater 
transparency of supply chain GHG emissions. Among this year’s highlights was the first issuance of credits 
from Delta Blue Carbon, a mangroves restoration project in Pakistan. Covering 350,000 hectares of tidal 
wetlands on the South-east coast of Pakistan, it is the largest project of its kind in the world. Trafigura also 
launched Agora, an emissions tracking joint venture with US technology company Palantir. Initially 
focused on providing greater transparency in the reporting and verification of mining and metals value 
chain GHG emissions, the scope of the platform will extend to energy, helping customers calculate and 
manage their GHG emissions across oil, gas and power value chains. Looking forward, a key focus for the 
Carbon Trading team will be the ongoing developments related to carbon in Article 6 of the Paris 
Agreement on climate change. This part of the accord allows countries to trade and facilitate capital into 
emission removal and emission reduction activities, underpinning a global carbon market for the first time.

--- Page 135 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
Nala Renewables 
Nala Renewables is a 50:50 joint venture between Trafigura Group and IFM Investors established in 
September 2020 with the aim of investing in on-shore wind, solar and power storage projects. 
Since its inception, Nala Renewables has been transformed from a concept to an early stage business with 
some of its first assets operational or in construction. Nala Renewables now owns and is developing 
renewable energy generation and storage assets in Belgium, Chile, France, Greece, Netherlands, Poland 
and the US. To date, the Company has grown its renewable energy asset portfolio to 2.8GW and is well on 
track to meet its 4GW target by the end of 2025. 
A key focus for the last twelve months has been to build and strengthen the team, acquire late stage assets 
and secure new development partnerships for greenfield development opportunities in several different 
countries. In the last financial year, Nala Renewables has focused on building its presence in Chile where 
it initially acquired a portfolio of 110MWp of ready-to-build solar assets. This acquisition set the foundation 
for Nala Renewables' regional cluster approach for expanding its pipeline. More recently, it has acquired a 
further 60MWp in Chile, and it plans to increase its presence in the country further over the coming year. 
Nala Renewables has set up a regional office in Santiago to oversee its activities in Latin America and 
provide local expertise as its portfolio begins construction and operation.  
The company also expanded into the Greek market with the acquisition of a 106MWp ready-to-build 
portfolio of solar assets and entered into development agreements in Spain to build an early stage project 
pipeline. In each of these countries, Nala Renewable’s plan is to continue its expansion to complement its 
existing portfolios to create scale and a deeper presence. 
Assets that have entered construction in the last financial year include a 198MWp wind project being 
developed by North American clean energy development and investment platform Swift Current Energy. 
This asset is targeting commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. The Balen Battery project, which 
involves investment of up to EUR 30 million to develop one of Belgium’s largest battery energy storage 
systems at Nyrstar’s zinc smelting facility, is also in construction with commercial operations targeted to 
begin in the first quarter of 2023. Utilising lithium-ion battery technology, the 100MWh battery project will 
be able to store 25MW for over four hours. The battery energy storage system will provide stability and 
balancing services for the Belgium grid, as well as help shift renewable energy production into high‑energy 
demand periods. 
Investments in Clean Energy Technologies 
In 2019, the Group established an internal VC-like fund to invest in various start-up projects involved in 
alternative and renewable energy technologies. The focus for investment is three-fold: to gain access to 
experienced teams and intellectual property in early-stage, pre-revenue companies in the sustainable energy 
space; to support the conversion of their intellectual property into viable development projects; and 
ultimately, to help generate trading flows for existing or new Trafigura trading desks. The investment 
decisions are guided by an investment committee comprising four members of Trafigura’s Management 
Committee, thus ensuring all activities are fully aligned with Group strategy.  
To date, ten investments have been made of a total value of more than USD 60 million in three technology 
areas of priority focus: hydrogen and hydrogen-based fuels; medium-to-long-term electricity storage; and 
emissions capture. They are already providing the Group with unique insights into sectors that will be 
extremely important to its future strategy. 
The rapidly growing field of green hydrogen is linked to three of these investments, of which the largest is 
in H2 Energy, a Swiss-based company that was the first in the Western world to deliver hydrogen fuel cell 
trucks to commercial users and to create an ecosystem based on green hydrogen. H2 Energy’s trucks are 
already in operation for large transporters and retailers in Switzerland, fuelled by green hydrogen generated 
by hydropower. The company, working in partnership with Hyundai, Linde and Alpiq, leases fuel-cell 
trucks to users and provides the necessary refuelling infrastructure.  
Alongside the Group’s investment in H2 Energy, the two companies have established a 50:50 joint venture, 
H2 Energy Europe, with the aim of investing in hydrogen trucking projects elsewhere in Europe. In 
February 2022, H2 Energy Europe announced a new 50:50 joint venture with Phillips 66 to develop up to 
250 retail hydrogen refuelling stations across Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026.

--- Page 136 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
The two other hydrogen-related investments are Hy2gen, a German-based developer of green hydrogen 
production facilities with a project pipeline of over 500MW of electrolysed capacity, and OneH2, a provider 
of scalable hydrogen fuel production systems in North America currently focused on the forklift truck 
market. Hy2gen is working with the Group and Copenhagen Investment Partners to establish a project in 
Sauda, Norway, which will produce green hydrogen from hydropower in Norway and use it to produce 
green ammonia for use in the shipping industry. The project will have an initial electrolyzer capacity of 240 
megawatts to produce 600 metric tons of green ammonia per day, with the aim to significantly scale up 
production in the future. 
Three further investments are in the following companies: 
• 
US-based Quidnet Energy, which has developed a novel form of energy storage using geo-
mechanical pumped storage technology to pump water under pressure into subsurface geological 
reservoirs. At times when variable renewable energy is not available, the water is released to drive 
hydroelectric turbines and power the electrical grid. 
• 
UK-based Bboxx, a company that provides decentralised solar powered systems that enable access 
to cleaner energy for cooking in developing countries. 
• 
Swiss-based Daphne Technologies, which provides innovative technology solutions to remove 
toxic and greenhouse gas emissions from fuel use in shipping. It can remove emissions such as 
sulphur oxides, nitrogen oxides and methane from the combustion gas of any fuel type, including 
heavy fuel oil, LNG, biofuels and ammonia. 
Trafigura has continued its investment activity during the financial year ended 30 September 2022, with the 
following major announcements: 
• 
In May 2022, Trafigura and lithium processing company Green Lithium agreed terms to support 
the development of one of the first centralised commercial lithium refineries in Europe. The new 
refinery will supply European electric vehicle and battery manufacturers with battery-grade lithium 
chemicals; 
• 
In May 2022, Trafigura together with Palantir Technologies Inc. announced the development of a 
technology services platform for carbon emissions calculation, reporting and collaboration across 
commodity supply chains which will enable participants across global energy and commodities 
supply chains to model lifecycle carbon intensities and allows industry participants to work together 
for enhanced visibility and reporting;  
• 
In June 2022, Trafigura invested in Malta Inc., a leading innovator of grid-scale, long-duration 
energy storage. Malta’s new technology collects and stores energy from any power generation 
source in any location, enabling reliable and predictable operation of the grid; and 
• 
In June 2022, Trafigura participated in a USD 34 million financing round led by SK Gas (a 
subsidiary of South Korea’s second-largest conglomerate) for C-Zero Inc., a clean energy company 
that has developed a technology for natural gas decarbonization. 
Going forward, the Clean Energy Ventures team will continue to support its current portfolio of investments 
and expand into the carbon capture and utilisation schemes (CCUS). 
 
Trafigura’s Work to Decarbonise shipping 
The decarbonisation of shipping is an urgent and achievable goal. The industry is investing in energy 
efficiency but it still contributes to over three per cent. of global GHG emissions. Without significant action, 
emissions from the sector are set to materially increase by 2050. The Group is committed to the transition 
to zero emissions shipping and its new decarbonisation target – a 25 per cent. reduction in carbon intensity 
by 2030 against the 2019 International Maritime Organisation ("IMO") baseline across our entire chartering 
operation – is a statement of the Group’s intent. 
 
The Group is advocating for industry-wide action on shipping emissions and investing in new technologies 
and vessels to help achieve a more sustainable shipping industry. The Group is a member of the Getting to 
Zero Coalition, through which over 200 shipping industry participants have issued a Call to Action for rapid 
action from governments to decarbonise the sector. In September 2020, the Group published a whitepaper 
that called for a global carbon levy on maritime fuels to incentivise low-carbon innovation and the Group 
remains encouraged by the growing support for this proposal.

--- Page 137 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
The Group is also a founding member of the COP26-launched First Movers Coalition, which is focused on 
reducing emissions in key hard-to-abate industries. As part of its pledge to the First Movers Coalition, the 
Group has also committed to convert six vessels – 18 per cent. of its current owned fleet – to use zero-
emissions fuels by 2030.  
Other initiatives in which the Group is involved include co-sponsoring MAN Energy Solutions green 
ammonia two-stroke engine and co-funding studies focused on using green ammonia as a zero-emissions 
shipping fuel. The Group is also investing in Hy2gen, a developer of hydrogen and e-fuels production 
technologies, and in Daphne Technologies, which is developing innovative technology to remove emissions 
such as nitrogen oxides, methane and carbon dioxide from the combustion gas of any fuel. 
Trafigura is also a signatory of The Sea Cargo Charter, which provides a global framework for aligning 
chartering activities with responsible environmental behaviour to promote international shipping's 
decarbonization. 
RCF Sustainability Linked Loan Structure 
In 2021, the Group’s strong and stable relationships with approximately 140 banks, together with the 
Group’s progress in sustainability and responsible business to date with the potential to achieve significant 
further milestones, have enabled the Company to structure its flagship syndicated revolving credit facilities, 
as sustainability linked loans ("SLL").  
In line with the mechanism implemented during the successful European RCF refinancing in March 2023, 
this updated structure will allow the Group to secure preferential financing rates if the Group is successful 
in achieving key environmental and social targets - ‘key performance indicators’ or "KPIs". The Group’s 
compliance with KPIs will be tested annually and certified by an independent external expert (ERM CVS). 
Asset Based Business 
The principal driver behind the Group's investment strategy is its arbitrage-based business model which 
relies on (amongst other things) the control of storage and logistics to generate or enhance arbitrage 
opportunities and create long term recurring income making the Group's business more sustainable. The 
Group seeks investment opportunities that can offer synergies with its core trading activities through the 
provision of recurrent supplies and outlets, whilst having their own industrial rationale. These assets bring 
optionality and flexibility to the trading books and are barriers to entry if they are not available to 
competitors. In this respect the Group has taken ownership or interests in companies or assets which have 
'stand-alone' capacity but largely remain within the same commodities industry as its core trading business. 
The Group initially established three main industrial groups: Puma Energy Group, which manages the 
Group’s oil storage and distribution assets; Impala Terminals Group - Trafigura’s bulk-commodity 
warehousing division and logistics provider; and the Mining operations, which manages the Group’s 
existing mining assets as well as mining exploration opportunities. In July 2019, a fourth major industrial 
group was added with the consolidation of Nyrstar (the Group previously owned an approximately 24 per 
cent. stake), a global multi-metals mining and smelting business, with a market-leading position in zinc and 
lead, following a restructuring process of the company. Those four industrial groups are structured as 
independent companies with their own dedicated management and resources, transacting with the Group 
on an entirely arm's length basis, with service level agreements in place where appropriate. 
Until 30 September 2020, the financials of three of those four industrial divisions: Impala Terminals (the 
part of the business which was not transferred to the Simba JV (now ITG), the Group’s Mining operations 
and Nyrstar, were consolidated into the Group’s financial statements. The Group’s fourth industrial division, 
Puma Energy, used to be minority owned, following the sale of a portion of the Group’s stake to existing 
shareholders in 2013 (with the Group losing the majority of decision-making power in the Board of 
Directors at the time). However, following a series of transactions announced in April 2021, the Group 
acquired control of Puma Energy (with a 93.4 per cent. shareholding as of the financial year 2021 end), and 
consolidated the company in its financials as of 30 September 2021.  
The Group’s industrial assets generate substantial profit in their own right, either through recurring income 
generation or profit on disposals, further diversifying the Group’s sources of income. Total industrial assets 
amounted to USD 8,373 million as at 30 September 2022 compared to USD 9,351 million as at 30 
September 2021. This reduction by USD 978 million is mostly due to the disposal of the Vostok Oil

--- Page 138 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
investment in July 2022 following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which represented USD 862 million as of 
30 September 2021. Additional decreases relate to Nyrstar and Puma assets due to impairments driven by 
challenging market conditions. However, those were mostly offset by an increase in environmental 
emission allowances (held for own use) recognised under intangible assets. 
Puma Energy 
Puma Energy is a leading emerging markets energy business, safely providing energy solutions in 33 
countries across six continents. The company has approximately 2,000 retail sites a presence at 
approximately 100 airports and a network of 62 storage terminals, with a total storage capacity of 3.25 
million m3 – noting that those figures relate to the terminals remaining following the divestment of 19 
assets to ITG S.à r.l. in October 2022.  In the last twelve months ("LTM") ended September 2022, Puma 
Energy sold approximately 20.4 million m3 of refined oil products. The company creates value from 
supplying, distributing and delivering refined oil products, such as fuels, lubricants and bitumen as well as 
related retail activities and services. It benefits from quality supply at competitive prices through its arms-
length commercial supply contracts with the Group. 
Since the Group acquired the rights to the Puma brand in 1997, Puma Energy has expanded its activities 
worldwide achieving rapid growth, diversification and product line development to become a leading 
independent global midstream and downstream company. In 2000, Puma Energy came under the direct 
ownership and management of the Group, one of its original founding partners. In 2008, Puma Energy was 
reorganised as a separate and standalone division of the Group with a detailed carve-out plan and 
independent balance sheet. In order to support the growth of Puma Energy’s fixed asset infrastructure 
development and acquisition strategy, the Group opened up the capital of Puma Energy to selected investors 
in 2010.  
In 2013, the Group further reduced its ownership in Puma Energy by selling a portion of its stake to existing 
minority shareholders, including the Angolan state-owned energy company Sonangol Holdings 
("Sonangol") and Cochan Holdings ("Cochan"). Puma Energy also benefited from a capital contribution 
of USD 500 million from Sonangol. As a result of the sale and the capital contribution, the Group’s stake 
in Puma Energy reduced to 49.5 per cent., leading to the deconsolidation of Puma Energy from the Group’s 
financial statements. In 2015, Puma Energy’s main shareholders subscribed pro rata to a further USD 350 
million capital increase undertaken by Puma Energy. This enabled the company to maintain its growth 
momentum at the time, by capitalising on opportunities to expand its portfolio of mid- and downstream 
assets. More recently, in June 2020, Puma Energy completed a shareholding restructuring transaction with 
Cochan and the Group, resulting in a reduction in Cochan’s stake in Puma Energy to below 5 per cent., 
while the Group’s shareholding increased to 55.5 per cent. However, this increase in shareholding did not 
result in the Group gaining control over Puma Energy and the equity investment in Puma Energy continued 
to be accounted for under the equity method. 
In April 2021, Puma Energy Holdings, the Group and Sonangol announced a series of transactions which 
have further transformed Puma Energy’s shareholding structure. The Group, together with a number of 
minority shareholders, subscribed for a rights issue in Puma Energy for a total amount of USD 500 million, 
completed on 30 September 2021. As a result, Puma Energy was consolidated into the Group as of 30 
September 2021. The recapitalisation included the sale of Puma Energy’s Angolan business to Sonangol 
for USD 600 million and the acquisition by the Group of Sonangol’s shares in Puma Energy for a similar 
amount. This transaction closed in December 2021 and the Group’s shareholding in Puma Energy increased 
to 93.4 per cent. Finally, late December 2021, Trafigura’s shareholding in Puma Energy further increased 
by approximately 3.3 per cent., to 96.7 per cent. in aggregate, as Cochan ceased to be a shareholder. 
Puma Energy Business Model 
Puma Energy is highly diversified in terms of business lines, geographies and customers, with no single 
customer accounting for more than 5 per cent. of sales. As of 30 September 2022, Puma Energy directly 
employed approximately 2,870 people. To support its activities, Puma Energy maintains commercial 
independence on a regional level (Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific), while still maintaining oversite 
and reporting of central functions (Finance, Credit, Legal, IT, etc.) from its headquarters in Geneva, 
Switzerland.

--- Page 139 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BUSINESS MODEL ACROSS THE VALUE CHAIN 
 
PUMA ENERGY GROUP’S GLOBAL LOCATIONS AS AT SEPTEMBER 2022

--- Page 140 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
Description of Business Lines 
Puma Energy provides customers around the world with secure access to a wide range of fuel and non-fuel 
products and services through its business lines supported by its global refining, supply, storage and 
transportation infrastructure. Over the last couple years, the company has reorganised its operations as 
follows:  
• 
The core Downstream business unit is managed under two regions: the ‘West’ consisting of the 
Americas, with Puerto Rico as regional headquarters, and the ‘East’ consisting of Africa, Middle 
East and Asia-Pacific, with Johannesburg as regional headquarters. Main activities under this unit 
are: 
o 
Retail: providing high-quality, competitively priced fuels and lubricants, supplementary 
services such as car washes, ATMs, products through convenience stores, cafes and 
restaurants; 
o 
Commercial: offering energy solutions to business customers through various specific 
channels (agriculture, mining, transport, construction, power generation, marine, industrial, 
governments/state owned enterprises, non-Puma Energy branded retail); 
o 
Lubricants: lubrication solutions for businesses and consumers through retail, wholesale, and 
industrial market channels; 
o 
Aviation: supply and fuel services to airline customers, from importation, handling, storage, 
bridging and transportation, to into-plane operations at the company’s airport fuelling depots; 
o 
Bitumen: sourcing and supply of bitumen with integrated logistics services available at the 
company’s terminals, with connections to the Puma Energy’s specialist bitumen vessels and 
containers; and 
o 
Refining and Storage: downstream storage terminals to leverage Puma Energy’s sourcing, 
transportation and storage capabilities. Refining, while not being a core part of the business, 
is an integral part of the downstream markets. 
• 
The Infrastructure business unit consists primarily of marine terminals. It focuses on storage 
operations, maximizing commercial value of these assets. Noting that in 2021, Puma Energy 
decided to divest its Infrastructure division as part of its strategy to streamline the business and 
focus on its core downstream retail business, while keeping access to those strategic infrastructure 
and storage facilities. The main completion of the transaction took place in October 2022. 
• 
Transition into new fuels – Puma Energy has set ambitious ESG targets to achieve 30 per cent. 
of Africa EBITDA from transition fuels and clean energy by the end of 2027. To do this, Puma 
Energy is focussing on growing volumes of LPG, compressed natural gas, and sustainable aviation 
fuels and in the future may focus on other fuels like Hydrogen and Ammonia. Puma Energy intends 
to meet its ESG targets through organic growth and bolt on acquisitions. Another way Puma 
Energy intends to reach 30 per cent. of cleaner EBITDA in Africa is by continuing to install solar 
panels across assets (service stations and terminals). More specifically there is a plan in place to 
install solar panels across 200 retail and terminal sites by 2023. As of 30 September 2022, Puma 
is on track to meet this goal with over 150 sites solarized. 
Downstream Business 
Retail 
• 
Fuel 
 
As of 30 September 2022, Puma Energy’s retail operations sold 4,615 million ms of fuel during the LTM, 
through Puma Energy’s expansive network of retail sites in countries across Africa, the Americas and Asia-
Pacific. The company also sold 14,375 million m3 of fuel, bitumen and lubricants to industrial and 
commercial customers during the LTM. Finally, Puma Energy provided 1,366 million m3 and of refined 
oil products to airlines, aircraft operators and owners across the Americas, Africa and Asia-Pacific during 
the LTM.  
Puma Energy has a large and well-invested network of retail sites. To take advantage of this large network, 
Puma Energy is focusing on its retail strategies, including network optimisation, strengthening customer 
value propositions, building brand loyalty and strengthening the offer to dealers and site operators.

--- Page 141 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
The retail sites operate under three principal models depending on whether Puma Energy or an independent 
dealer owns or is responsible for the operation of a particular retail site: (i) CoDo – Company owner & 
Dealer operated; (ii) DoDo – Dealer owned & Dealer operated; and (iii) CoCo – Company owned & 
Company operated. Noting that Puma Energy has identified opportunities to further create value by 
optimising the mode of service operation ("MOSO") in line with market and customer needs. 
• 
Non-Fuel 
 
To complement Puma Energy’s retail sites, the group operated 745 convenience stores (such as Super7 and 
Shop Express), 160 car washes, 40 truck stops and 50 restaurants and cafes as of 30 September 2022. Puma 
Energy’s non-fuel offer allows the company to capture further value from retail operations. One of the key 
global improvement initiatives as part of Puma Energy’s new customer-led strategy involves expanding 
and improving Puma Energy’s convenience retail offering. Puma Energy combines learned best practices 
with innovative training techniques to meet customer’s needs. 
Commercial 
Within the Commercial business line, Puma Energy supplies refined oil products to industrial and 
commercial customers across Africa, Europe, the Americas and Asia-Pacific. Customers operate across a 
wide range of sectors, including transport, power generation, industrial and manufacturing activities, 
mining, agriculture and construction. Puma Energy aims to offer competitive prices to industrial customers 
and provide reliable supply of refined oil products as well as LPG, wholesale and bunkering activities. Due 
to its modern facilities and infrastructure, competitive pricing and reliable supply, the company has 
developed long-term sustainable relationships with a number of customers. 
Aviation 
Puma Energy’s aviation business line provides aviation fuel to commercial and general aviation customers, 
primarily by performing “into-plane operations”, where Puma Energy employees supply aviation fuel 
directly into aircrafts: JET A-1 (Jet fuel) and aviation gasoline 100LL (Avgas). 
While the business line has been hit hard by the disruption in the aviation industry as a result of the global 
COVID-19 pandemic, it is a model for the global consistency, quality and customer-focused solutions that 
Puma Energy has been developing across all different business lines. 
As of 30 September 2022, Puma Energy operated in 98 airports worldwide, 73 in Africa, 11 in the Asia-
Pacific and 14 in the Americas. The group seeks to serve airports in high-potential markets and aims at 
becoming the most reliable supplier in the airports where it operates. 
Bitumen 
Puma Energy is a global market leader in bitumen, supplying customers around the world with high 
performance product safely, efficiently and on time. Customers benefit from the integrated logistics 
services available, through Puma Energy’s own carrier fleet and state-of-the-art-terminals, including the 
largest private bitumen terminal in Europe (Cadiz, Spain). Puma Energy also has bitumen storage and 
distribution facilities in Malaysia, Australia and Guatemala.  
Lubricants 
Puma Energy supplies own-branded lubricants and is the exclusive marketer of Castrol lubricants in certain 
Southern African and Central American countries. Puma Energy has a strong lubricants presence in more 
than 25 countries globally, serving the agricultural, construction, mining, industrial and transportation 
sectors of the market, as well as providing automotive lubricants. 
Supply  
In 2020, Puma Energy established a new arm’s-length cooperation agreement with the Group to manage its 
supply and trading activities. This will enable the company to extract more value in supporting the 
Downstream business – optimising working capital requirements and leveraging the Group’s global scale 
and expertise. A value chain optimisation organisation was created to work closely with the Group in 
ensuring that Puma Energy delivers the best possible fuel quality and the lowest possible cost-to-serve for 
its customers.

--- Page 142 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Refining 
Puma Energy does not currently operate, nor intends to develop, significant refining operations. From time 
to time, Puma Energy has acquired refining assets as a by-product of acquisitions of larger business 
operations. In most cases, Puma converted refineries to create additional storage capacity. The company 
currently owns and operates two refineries: a 20,000 barrels of oil per day refinery in Nicaragua acquired 
from ExxonMobil in 2012 and a 32,500 barrels of oil per day refinery in Papua New Guinea.  
Storage & Non-Marine Terminals 
The storage and non-marine terminals business line incorporates mainly inland storage facilities providing 
services to the Downstream business line of the company. 
Infrastructure Business 
This business line incorporates 25 marine terminals and two inland terminals, the pipelines and associated 
land, mostly consistent with Puma Energy’s historical ‘Midstream operations’. The company concluded 
the sale of 19 of these terminals in October 2022. 
Strategic Objectives 
Following years of growth through investments, Puma is now refocusing on optimising its existing portfolio, 
creating more value from the existing business. The company has been strengthening its balance sheet as 
well as its structure, capabilities and processes to provide a solid foundation for the next stage of growth. 
September 2022 marks the one-year anniversary of the new management team and the new strategy. The 
main focus of Puma Energy is centered on the following objectives: 
1. Business Simplification: a return to the core downstream business, investing strategically in 
downstream assets to grow market share. This implies a number of divestments in non-core entities 
and a better allocation of capital expenditures. During 2021, Puma Energy successfully closed the 
sale of its Pakistan and DRC activities, as well as its Ivory Coast terminal in Abidjan. In 2022, the 
company divested its operations in Russia (Mursmak terminal), downstream activities in Ivory 
Coast, and exited Myanmar for humanitarian reasons. In March 2022, Puma Energy agreed to sell 
a significant part of its Infrastructure business to the ITG S.à r.l., allowing the company to focus on 
its core business while remaining an important customer of the infrastructure and storage business 
to be divested. The main completion of this sale occurred in October 2022. 
2. Diversifying into New Energies: the company will prepare for the future of energy by continuing 
to help customers and communities secure access to affordable energy while helping to advance the 
transition to a lower carbon future.  Specifically, the company will be focusing on solar, biofuel, 
and LPG in the near future and LNG, hydrogen for commercial vehicles and ammonia as bunker 
fuel in the medium to long term. A renewed ESG policy with concrete targets was published in July 
2022, focusing on four strategic pillars: supporting energy transition, reducing environmental 
impact, enabling socioeconomic progress and ensuring responsible business practices. 
3. Deeper collaboration with the Group: increasing its competitiveness by leveraging the Group’s 
energy market intelligence and expertise in supply chain optimisation, ensuring that Puma Energy 
is able to capture all the revenue synergies available.  
Recent Milestones 
Some key milestones in Puma’s development over the last 24 months are listed below: 
• 
April 2021 – Puma Energy announced a USD 500 million rights issue. Proceeds will be used to 
repay outstanding debt, strengthening the company’s balance sheet. At the same time, Puma Energy 
agreed the sale of its Angolan business and assets to Sonangol for USD 600 million, while the 
Group acquired Sonangol’s shares in Puma Energy for a similar amount subject to regulatory 
approvals – please see ‘Puma Energy Organisational Structure and Shareholding’ for more details;  
• 
September 2021 – Puma Energy completed the rights issue process announced in April 2021, 
making the consolidation into the Group effective. Hadi Hallouche and Carlos Pons were named 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Puma Energy respectively;

--- Page 143 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
• 
December 2021 – Puma Energy, the Group and Sonangol announced the completion of the Group’s 
acquisition of Sonangol’s shareholding in Puma Energy for USD 600 million and the sale of Puma 
Energy’s business in Angola to Sonangol following receipt of all relevant regulatory approvals; and 
• 
December 2021 – Cochan ceased to be a shareholder of Puma Energy which, together with the 
Sonangol transaction, increases the Group’s shareholding into Puma Energy to 96.6 per cent; 
• 
March 2022 – Puma Energy announced the agreement to sell a significant part of its infrastructure 
and storage business to the ITG S.à r.l.. Puma Energy will remain an important customer of those 
assets;  
• 
April 2022 – Puma Energy successfully closed a multi-year USD 700 million credit facility, split 
between a USD 595 million revolving line and a USD 105 million term loan; 
• 
July 2022 – Puma Energy publishes its Sustainability Report including ESG Performance for 2021 
and outlining the new ESG strategy with pledges on carbon reduction and clean energy; and 
• 
October 2022 – Puma Energy finalised the sale of 19 terminals to ITG S.à r.l. and received 
approximately USD 900 million in net proceeds. Subsequent completion of additional terminals is 
expected to occur by mid-2023.  
Financial Highlights 
Puma Energy’s financial year runs to December 31. Volumes and margins across all segments were higher 
in the LTM ended 30 September 2022. This is due to demand returning to the pre COVID-19 levels as well 
as various operational improvements that the new management team has implemented. Particularly the 
aviation business has made an important recovery and its volumes are close to pre-pandemic levels. 
Additionally, the bitumen segment had a significant turnaround during the period. In 2022, when countries 
eased lock down measures and increased their infrastructure spending, Puma Energy was well placed to 
capitalize on the increase in demand and supply required volumes for road building and infrastructure 
industry. Puma Energy is also reaping the benefits of a deeper integration with Trafigura, which allows the 
company to have better collaboration and communication across the teams. This is particularly helpful in 
segments like B2B where collaboration allows Puma Energy to be more competitive. Some key figures 
over the period were: 
• 
USD 756 million gross debt reduction in the first 3 quarters of 2022; 
• 
 3 consecutive quarters in 2022 of positive net income, for the first time since 2018; and 
• 
 Operational cash flow in excess of USD 150 million for the first 3 quarters of 2022. 
Puma Energy Organisational Structure and Shareholding 
Puma Energy is coordinated from its global headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland and employs 
approximately 2,870 people (employees and contractors) in 33 countries. Despite the recent consolidation 
within the Trafigura Group, Puma Energy is still managed as an independent industrial group, with its own 
dedicated management, which transacts with the Group on an arm’s length basis. Puma Energy operates a 
two-tier management structure comprising a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee. 
In April 2021, Puma Energy, the Group and Sonangol announced the signing of a series of transactions 
which would transform Puma Energy’s shareholding structure, while improving its balance sheet position. 
First, the Group agreed to purchase Sonangol’s entire shareholding in Puma Energy for an amount of USD 
600 million. At the same time, Puma Energy agreed the sale of its Angolan business and assets to Sonangol 
for the same amount of USD 600 million. This included the acquisition of the Pumangol retail network of 
service stations, airport terminals and marine terminals. This transaction was completed in December 2021. 
In addition, the Group, together with a number of minority shareholders, subscribed for a convertible debt 
instrument under a rights issue in Puma Energy for a total amount of USD 500 million. This convertible 
debt instrument would convert into equity on receipt of relevant regulatory (anti-trust) approvals. The 
proceeds from this transaction enabled Puma Energy to repay outstanding debt and strengthen its balance 
sheet.  
The rights issue was completed on 30 September 2021, while the Sonangol transactions closed in December 
2021. As a result, the Group’s shareholding in Puma Energy increased to 93.4 per cent., triggering the 
consolidation of the company in the financial statements of the Group, with Sonangol no longer holding 
shares in Puma Energy nor having representation on the Company’s Board.

--- Page 144 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
In December 2021, Cochan also ceased to be a shareholder of Puma Energy, resulting in an increase of the 
Group’s shareholding to 96.7 per cent. at the end of calendar year 2021. 
ITG: Energy Infrastructure and Dry Bulk and Logistics 
ITG S.à r.l. (“ITG”) is a 50:50 joint venture between Trafigura and IFM Investors, the global investment 
management firm. Its primary focus is on the design, implementation, ownership and operation of 
multimodal logistics assets. This includes the safe, reliable storage and transfer of dry and liquid bulk 
cargoes and containers to and from inland sites of production and consumption, through deep-sea ports. 
ITG owns, manages and operates two segments: liquid terminals recently acquired from Puma Energy 
(“Energy Infrastructure”), and its initial business, covering metal concentrates & bulk infrastructure, 
liquid transport & distribution, and a freight forwarding service (“Dry Bulk and Logistics”). The segments 
are referred to externally as Impala Terminals Energy Infrastructure and Impala Terminals Dry Bulk and 
Logistics. 
Energy Infrastructure is a diversified portfolio of 19 terminals across 10 countries with approximately 3.4 
mcbm of storage capacity, mainly located at deep water ports. Dry Bulk and Logistics operates base metals 
terminals in Mexico, Peru and Spain; refined oil products storage and distribution in Paraguay and fluvial 
operations on the Parana-Paraguay waterway; multimodal transportation services in sub-Saharan Africa; 
and a global freight-forwarding business. 
Historically, Impala Terminals Dry Bulk and Logistics was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Trafigura 
Group. In 2018, the decision was taken to bring in a strategic partner who would support the growth of the 
business into new markets and services. In September 2018, Trafigura agreed to establish a long-term 
partnership with IFM Investors to invest in and operate certain Impala Terminals mature assets. A 50:50 
joint venture, initially known as Simba Holding S.à r.l. and subsequently renamed ITG, was created to own 
and operate those assets. This created the basis to bring together Trafigura’s trading expertise and 
operational know-how together with the investment experience of IFM, having a 25-year track record, 
principally in infrastructure investments in Australia, North America and Europe. The transaction also 
created a robust governance framework at the company, which operates at arm's length from the Trafigura 
Group under an independent management team, specific corporate governance and clear board rules.  
The ambition of the joint venture is to create a new partnership for future investments in infrastructure 
related to commodities as well as a solid platform for future growth – both in existing locations and markets, 
and in new jurisdictions. This was first demonstrated in October 2019 with the purchase of Puma Energy’s 
business in Paraguay, including two fuel storage terminals and approximately 180 retail sites. 
More recently, in March 2022, ITG entered into an acquisition agreement to acquire a 100 per cent. interest 
from Puma Energy in Energy Infrastructure – a global liquid bulk storage terminals portfolio. Main 
completion of this transaction was announced in October 2022, with 19 infrastructure assets located in 10 
countries being moved into the ITG perimeter. Puma Energy will remain an important customer of the 
infrastructure and storage business. 
The Energy Infrastructure and Dry Bulk and Logistics businesses shall be run separately, with dedicated 
management teams (albeit relying on overlapping back office). 
Assets operated under Dry Bulk and Logistics 
The assets operated by Dry Bulk and Logistics include three concentrates terminals strategically located in 
Mexico, Spain and Peru – countries well positioned on copper, zinc and lead concentrate export markets – 
with a total throughput capacity of approximately 6.4 million tonnes. The business also manages a fluvial 
transportation network located on the Parana-Paraguay River and acquired Puma Energy’s storage and 
distribution business in Paraguay in October 2019. Finally, Dry Bulk and Logistics provides end-to-end 
logistics solutions for mineral resources and value-add central services of consulting and freight forwarding.  
The unit also provides logistics and multi-modal services in various regions, comprising solutions for 
warehousing, short and long hauls, via trucks and trains, as well as sea freight. Moreover, the company 
offers end-to-end delivery solutions for imports and exports via a combination of road and rail networks 
combined with onward ocean container freight services.

--- Page 145 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
DRY BULK AND LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 
 
 
Concentrates Terminal in Peru 
The business started in Peru with a non-ferrous concentrates warehousing and blending operation in Callao, 
Peru’s main commercial port. This terminal is the largest facility in Latin America for handling copper, 
zinc and lead concentrates. In 2017, a project was completed to cover 175,000 m2 of warehousing space 
(the largest covered warehouse in Latin America). The warehouse is the most environmentally compliant 
in Peru as it controls and measures air, water and soil particles to ensure that protection extends from both 
inside to outside the walls of the facility. The operation at Callao includes a participation in a consortium 
which operates a circa 3-km conveyor, which transports bulk metal concentrates safely and efficiently to a 
dedicated berth. Dry Bulk and Logistics exports approximately 2.5 MMT of metals concentrates per year 
from the Callao terminal, which represents approximately 60 per cent. of the total addressable market (i.e. 
the central Peruvian region, excluding mine-to-port integrated solutions). In 2021, the company added to 
the range of the cargoes handled by opening a new general cargo site and a metals storage area which 
operates in conjunction with the mineral concentrates operation. 
Fluvial Infrastructure at Parana 
The fluvial transportation network located on the Parana-Paraguay River, one of South America’s most 
important waterways connecting Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Brazil and Bolivia and has become one of 
the most important economic development areas enabling domestic and international trade. With an 
investment of over USD 100 million, a reliable fluvial corridor was created, shipping liquid products 
including diesel and gasoline fuel over a distance of 2,785 kilometers, with a fleet of pushers and double 
hulled tanker barges. In 2021, the company added dry cargoes to the range of fluvial services offered. 
In October 2019, the Paraguay operations were complimented with the acquisition of Puma Energy’s 
business in the country including two fuel storage terminals with approximately 72,300 m3 and a network 
of retail sites. This acquisition presented good synergies with the existing fluvial logistics operations along 
the Parana-Paraguay waterway.

--- Page 146 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Concentrates Terminal in Mexico 
Manzanillo is the largest concentrates export port in the country, where the JV has owned and operated its 
warehouse and processing facility since 2012. The terminal has 130,000 m2 of warehousing space and 
offers a number of value-added services. The company exports approximately 0.8 MMT of concentrates 
per year from Manzanillo, via its direct access to third-party berth. In 2021, the construction of a new empty 
container terminal was finished together with a new laboratory. Moreover, solar panels were installed in 
2021, which will supply up to 50 per cent. of Impala Dry Bulk and Logistics Mexico’s energy needs. 
Global Freight Forwarding 
The ability to secure competitive rates is aided by the strong relationships with all the major shipping lines 
and the company’s expertise in world-class logistics solutions. Through large global captive volumes and 
a continuous drive for operational excellence, the container bookings have been growing substantially, 
particularly across Latin America, Europe, Africa and Middle East. Besides offering freight forwarding 
services, through the extensive network and terminal assets, the business offers various value-added 
services such as container stuffing and un-stuffing, container storage, sampling and testing and 
documentation formalities.  
Assets operated under Energy Infrastructure 
Energy Infrastructure’s asset portfolio boasts best-in-class marine infrastructure characterized by strong 
connectivity, deep draft levels and product flexibility. Terminals are predominantly used for storage of 
products such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. The portfolio is well diversified geographically, with exposure 
to favourable demand dynamics at key distribution locations in ten emerging countries and three developed 
countries, across five continents. These assets are a critical part of regional and country-level supply-chains, 
driving captive trade flow across key demand hubs. These terminals are primarily located in import 
dependent markets, which are structurally deficit with limited access to refining, as well as import and 
distribution markets with the assets supplying neighbouring or other hinterland markets. 
ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE FOOTPRINT

--- Page 147 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
South America 
With over 30 years of experience in the Americas, the business has developed a solid market position with 
strong distribution angles serving structurally short markets with no access to domestic refining supply. 
Energy Infrastructure operates 9 terminals for a total capacity of 732 kcbm across Belize, El Salvador, 
Guatemala, Honduras and Panama that are crucial to satisfying fuel demand in this region due to lack of 
domestic refining capacity, rising middle class population, and the developing industrial economy. 
Africa 
Since commencing operations in Africa in 2004, the business has created a critical and well-connected 
storage portfolio in the region through a combination of downstream acquisitions and integrations, 
construction of terminals, refurbishment of existing terminals and greenfield projects to meeting the 
region’s growing demand. Energy Infrastructure now operates nine terminals for a total capacity of 400 
kcbm across Mozambique and Namibia, with well-positioned demand underpinned by motor fuels growth 
across expanding populations, vehicle ownership rates, and logistical requirements to support increasing 
industrial activity. 
The storage terminals cater not to only the domestic markets, but also to some of the land-locked countries. 
Indeed, the terminals are located in structurally short countries with little or no access to domestic refineries, 
making the need for storage terminals crucial.  
Europe 
The business has built a diverse portfolio in Europe serving customers’ transhipment and domestic flows. 
Energy Infrastructure operates four terminals for a total capacity of 1,488 kcbm in the United Kingdom, 
capable of facilitating movement of product driven by structural needs and less impacted by expected 
decline in demand for traditional refined product as the region shifts towards alternative energy sources. 
Rest of the world 
Energy Infrastructure’s facilities in UAE and Australia are increasingly acting as transhipment hubs, 
underpinned by increasing bilateral product flows for gasoline and diesel. 
Main other assets (fully owned by Trafigura) 
Fluvial and Port Infrastructure in Colombia 
In Colombia, Impala has invested approximately USD 1.1 billion since 2012, in an unprecedented project 
to transform the country’s commodity transport network. This investment has allowed the company to 
develop best-in-class infrastructure and warehousing services, which are underpinned by a world-class 
multimodal logistics system. These elements connect Colombia’s inland areas of production and 
consumption to international markets via the ocean ports of Barranquilla and Cartagena on the Caribbean 
coast. By having oversight of the entire logistics chain, Impala provides its customers with safe, efficient 
and economic delivery of products. Moreover, by switching the dominant mode of transport from trucking 
to barging, Impala is creating a more environmentally responsible form of trade. Significantly safer than 
transporting products purely by truck, this fluvial system not only reduces freight costs but is also inherently 
much more efficient. The inland port has a storage capacity of over 780,000 barrels of crude oil and naphtha 
and disposes of over 150,000 TEU of container storage. Impala also owns and operates a fluvial fleet of 
double hull oil and dry barges and pushers. The products handled are diverse, including crude oil, naphtha, 
fuel oil, LPG and dry bulk steel.  
In 2021, the company handled record volumes of oil, dry and product cargoes at Barrancabermeja and a 
record number of barges were discharged at Cartagena, with light crude oil a key growth market. During 
the year, Impala Terminals signed an agreement to connect the Ecopetrol Refinery to the Impala Terminals 
infrastructure. In 2022, Barrancabermeja port terminal handled a number of new commodities, including 
non-ferrous concentrates. Impala Terminals continues to work closely on its plans to expand a 250,000-
barrel per day refinery, which will eventually be connected to Impala Terminals’ terminal at 
Barrancabermeja via pipeline. This will provide greater flexibility to import and export products and 
feedstocks by barge instead of truck.

--- Page 148 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Bulk Terminal in Brazil 
In 2014, Trafigura acquired indirectly an approximately 50 per cent. equity stake in Porto Sudeste do Brasil 
("PSB") alongside Mubadala Development Company (“Mubadala”), the Abu Dhabi sovereign 
development fund. In parallel to acquiring approximately 99 per cent. of the PSB equity, Trafigura and 
Mubadala purchased approximately 90 per cent. of the PSB (FPOR11/PSVM11) debt securities on a 
combined basis. Those debt securities, which are junior to debt but senior to equity, provide cash flow 
benefits whereas the equity provides control of PSB. Holders of the debt securities are entitled to receive 
quarterly variable income based on the volumes handled by PSB and a fixed royalty, payment being made 
subject to availability of cash, and otherwise accrued. The combined holding of PSB debt securities and 
PSB equity provides full benefit of ownership (i.e. both economic and control). 
PSB is a USD 2 billion iron ore export terminal, which is located in Itaguaí, about 90 km west of Rio de 
Janeiro, Brazil. The port commenced operations in August 2015 and has the capacity to handle 50 million 
tonnes of iron ore per year and scope to expand to 100 million tonnes. The port gives Brazil’s independent 
miners a competitive alternative to existing export terminals and offers them unprecedented access to global 
markets, for the second largest producing country, representing more than 20 per cent. of world supply. 
Over the last five years, volumes handled have been ramping up progressively. Back in 2017, Porto Sudeste 
signed logistics contracts with Mineração Morro do Ipê S.A. in respect of the Ipe iron ore mine as well as 
a contract with Mineracao Usiminas. Since then, Trafigura and Mubadala have been working on sourcing 
additional volumes, e.g. from mines they operate in the region (Tico Tico) for export through PSB in the 
mid-term. 
Bulk Terminal in the United States 
In June 2011, Impala acquired the Burnside coal terminal in Louisiana, USA. Located on the east bank of 
the Mississippi River at Mile 169.9, the terminal consists of a site of about 1,100 acres, with a deep-water 
berth and ship loading/unloading equipment. Impala Terminal Group has refurbished and expanded the 
facility into a state-of-the-art major bulk terminal for coal, bauxite and alumina. The facility has a capacity 
of approximately 10 MMT annually and is capable of loading cape size class bulk vessels. Burnside has 
the potential to be the only coal terminal on the Mississippi with the capability to handle ocean vessels, 
barges and rail, thus allowing rail-to-vessel and barge-to-vessel capabilities.  
However, in 2020, the decrease in volume of US coal exports and a challenging alumina market caused a 
40 per cent. fall in throughput volumes compared to 2019, prompting significant cost cuts. In 2021 and 
2022, the company continued its focus on diversifying activity, in particular targeting opportunities with 
third parties in renewable fuels, which is a long-term market for the business. In 2022, Impala Terminals 
Burnside closed a deal to sell a portion of land to a major gas and chemicals group, which is weighing up 
plans to build a plant producing low-carbon ammonia. This initiative shows how Burnside, which is better 
known for its handling of coal, can also play a role in the shift to cleaner fuels. 
Warehousing in Africa and Middle East 
In Africa, Impala Terminals operates a portfolio of warehouses and port terminals, which provide handling, 
storage and other related services for bonded and non-bonded cargoes. At its warehousing sites in the DRC, 
Tanzania and Zambia, Impala Terminals offers enhanced services for the handling of goods and employs 
the latest technology and processes. The company is a major player in the African Copper belt, Southern, 
Eastern and Central Africa and is currently expanding its logistics capacity serving these regions by rail, 
truck and ocean container freight. This will allow producers and consumers to access international markets 
with greater speed, efficiency and safety whilst reducing cost.  
In 2021, assets in Zambia and the DRC handled increased volumes on the back of an upturn in import flows 
as company sites in the region continued to exploit key synergies. The growth of volumes is supported by 
Impala Terminal’s expertise of handling rail cargoes on the key corridors and ability to handle block trains 
at all of its inland terminals. Impala Terminals established additional warehousing capacity in Kolwezi in 
the DRC as a result of an increase in demand in the Copperbelt, while the development of rail and road 
services continued. In the financial year ended 30 September 2022, these assets enjoyed another good year, 
growing services and cargo-handling volumes in particular for imports destined for the mines around the 
terminals. There was strong demand for imported chemicals, mining reagents and project cargoes for use 
in the Copperbelt.

--- Page 149 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Impala also operates a dedicated warehouse in Jebel Ali Free Zone Area (JAFZA) in Dubai, with storage 
and handling of refined metals and third-party goods. Impala is strategically located within 10 km of the 
two biggest container terminals within Jebel Ali free Port, which offers a great competitive import and 
export advantage to its customers. In 2021, Impala Terminals Middle East reported strong performance for 
the year, with revenue, profit and volume all rising as the customer base was expanded. The business grew 
its industry footprint and moved further into the e-commerce space, while looking ahead, it is considering 
opportunities in the region.  
Warehousing in Chile and Bolivia 
In 2021, Impala Terminals’ four Chilean sites, in Antofagasta, Arica, Copiapo and Coquimbo, performed 
well in the face of significant COVID-19-related headwinds, including the impact of the pandemic on the 
supply chain. Despite significant disruption to mining production in the country, the company handled 
increased volumes of concentrates in 2021. Some services were withdrawn at the Copiapo site while 
volumes handled increased at Antofagasta, with Impala Terminals targeting the expansion of its 
warehousing capacity at the latter. Similarly, in Bolivia, Impala Terminals saw a healthy performance in 
2021. Operations at Oruro and Potosi both recorded growth for the year, benefitting from increased mining 
production in the region and the addition of new producers to its customer base. The company reported 
zero lost-time incidents in the country for the third year in a row. 
In the financial year ended 30 September 2022, robust performance was seen in both Chile and Bolivia, 
with Impala’s assets handling increased volumes of copper, lead and zinc concentrates, benefiting from 
strong demand and increased mining production. In both locations the company looks to expand its offering 
and services and customer base. 
Mining Operations 
Trafigura invests in mining assets that are closely related to and have strong synergies with the Group's 
core metals and minerals trading business. The group manages a dozen operations in Europe, Latin America, 
North America and Africa. Its investments include wholly-owned subsidiaries in addition to cornerstone 
shareholdings in both private and publicly traded entities. Trafigura Mining operations employ thousands 
of people worldwide (some on a consolidated basis, e.g. at Catalina Huanca), including highly skilled 
personnel such as geologists, mining and processing engineers. 
Mining operations generate equity value for the Group, procuring commodities for the Group’s metals 
trading books and also providing advisory and support services to the rest of the Group. The Mining team 
has also gained credentials in the development and execution of mid-size projects (i.e. around USD 300 
million). The project pipeline includes projects at feasibility study stage and construction projects in Finland, 
Brazil and a number of other countries.  
For many of the Group’s assets the financial year 30 September 2022 proved to be another demanding year, 
with challenges including rising costs and volatile commodity prices. Electricity and diesel prices increased 
as did the cost of processing reagents. In addition, the war in Ukraine led to a significant rise in the price 
of ammonium nitrate, the main component of explosives used at Trafigura’s mines. At the same time, 
metals prices fell sharply in the second half of the financial year, dragged down by the strong US dollar, 
concerns about slowing global growth and weak demand in China. 
Unfortunately, the Group’s financial year ended 30 September 2022 safety record in mining remained 
unsatisfactory. Regrettably, two fatalities were recorded at the Group’s operations during the financial year: 
one internal and one external. Safety improvement plans are in place at each site and Trafigura is determined 
to eliminate fatalities across its business.  
The primary focus for the Mining team in the year ahead will be completing construction works in Brazil, 
at the MMI iron ore project. The Group is also considering reconfiguring its supply chain so that the 
operations can source raw materials close to mines which would improve competitiveness and reduce 
carbon footprint. 
Iberian Minerals / MATSA 
In 2013, the Group completed the purchase of Iberian Minerals Corp ("Iberian"), giving the Group 100 
percent ownership in the mining group. Iberian's main asset was Minas Aguas Tenidas SAU ("MATSA"). 
MATSA owns and operates mines located on the Iberian pyrite belt in Spain. The region is well-known

--- Page 150 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
amongst the international mining community, since it hosts one of the largest occurrences of volcanic 
massive sulphide deposits in the world, spanning an area approximately 250 km long and 50 km wide. 
MATSA started production in 2009 with the Aguas Tenidas mine and is now operating two additional 
mines, Magdalena and Sotiel. Magdalena commenced production towards the end of 2016 following its 
discovery in 2014 – such turnaround from discovery to start of operation is an industry record. Sotiel is an 
older mine reactivated in 2015. Over the years, MATSA accumulated excellent exploration permits in Spain, 
mainly located around the Aguas Tenidas mine, and more recently in Portugal through a farm-in agreement 
with Avrupa. The expertise and success acquired by MATSA’s operational and metallurgical teams in 
mining and processing these sulphide ores created a bigger incentive for MATSA to become more 
aggressive in its exploration activities, leading to some important finds. The Magdalena mine is one 
important find, along with increased resources and reserves at Aguas Tenidas and further exploration of 
other ore bodies located nearby. 
MATSA produces mainly copper and zinc concentrates, along with lead concentrate on a smaller scale. 
The Group completed a EUR 300 million expansion project including a new treatment plant which 
increased treatment capacity from 2.3 million tonnes per year in 2014 to 3.6 million tonnes in 2015, 4.4 
million tonnes in 2016 and around 4.6 million tonnes per year since then. 
In June 2015, MATSA was transferred to a joint venture held 50:50 by the Group and Mubadala and, by 
September 2015, MATSA had been deconsolidated from the Group’s balance sheet. The restructuring of 
ownership at MATSA, with the arrival of Mubadala, prompted a comprehensive review of the mine’s 
governance in order to align its objectives and culture with those of both its shareholders.  
Under the joint venture, MATSA became a world-class mining and processing complex, using state-of-the-
art technology and a very high level of automation in the plant. This allowed rising metallurgical recovery 
up by approximately 10 per cent. over recent years, despite the metallurgical complexity of the ore. Those 
improvements, together with continued investments in IT and automation at the mine, helped MATSA 
decrease its operating costs despite the deepening of the mines. The reserves have stayed stable over the 
years, despite the mine extraction.  
In September 2021, the Group sold its 50 per cent. stake in MATSA to Sandfire Resources. The transaction 
was completed in February, 2022. This sale was the culmination of significant investment in the MATSA 
mining complex by both the Group and Mubadala to develop a world-class mining asset with a highly 
experienced workforce. As part of the sale agreement, Trafigura Group will retain a life of mine concentrate 
agreement for 100 per cent. of offtake from MATSA. 
Catalina Huanca Sociedad Minera  
Catalina Huanca is a wholly-owned zinc and lead underground mine in Peru, with a concentration plant 
with a capacity of around 800,000 tonnes of ore per year, producing high quality zinc and lead concentrates. 
The mine was acquired in 2005. At that time, the operation was artisanal in nature and the Group has 
progressively modernised it and brought it to international standards, in terms of mechanisation, and also 
health, safety, environmental and community standards. The performance of Catalina Huanca has been very 
consistent over the last four years. Production volumes were satisfactory in the financial year ended 30 
September 2022, leading to a solid yearly performance. 
Atalaya Mining Public Ltd. ("Atalaya") 
The Group owns a 22.4 per cent. stake in Atalaya Mining Plc, formerly known as ‘EMED’. Atalaya 
originally restarted the Rio Tinto mine in Southern Spain (located approximately 40 km away from MATSA 
operations). The mine restarted production during the third quarter of 2015 and reached commercial 
production in February 2016. The mine currently has a processing plant with a 15 Mtpa capacity. The Group 
has an offtake agreement for approximately 20 per cent. of the life of mine reserves. 
Nyrstar 
Nyrstar is presented in detail in the following section “Nyrstar”. The Mining team is providing technical 
and operational services to Nyrstar, and manages directly, on behalf of Nyrstar, the Canadian mining 
operations. These mines were formally transferred to the Group in October 2020.  The Myra Falls mine 
located in British Columbia is still in a ramp-up phase towards its long-term target of 800ktpa.

--- Page 151 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
Unfortunately, output fell short of expectations in the financial year ended 30 September 2022. However, 
a new management team has now been appointed to work on operational improvements. 
Empresa Minera del Caribe S.A. ("Emincar")  
The Castellanos zinc and lead project in Cuba consists of an open-pit mine and a concentration plant, in 
which construction began in 2015 and was completed in October 2017. The project is between the Group 
and Cuban parastatal Geominera, who manages the mine. The project was delivered on time and within 
budget. Emincar now employs close to 800 people and highlights the Group’s ability to put its expertise 
and investment to work in challenging economic or political environments. 
In 2018, the mine ramped up production while addressing the inevitable initial operational and quality 
issues. By the end of the year, significant progress had been made and the plant was rising progressively 
towards its design capacity of 1 million tonnes per annum. In 2019, the mine overcame some operational 
issues to achieve a significant improvement in plant performance, both in terms of overall throughput and 
concentrate quality, closing the year with favourable results. Total production rose to the original capacity 
level of 1 million tonnes.  
The financial year ended 30 September 2021 was a particularly difficult year, as the mine suffered a severe 
COVID-19-related production shortfall. The financial year ended 30 September 2022 saw a recovery in 
Emincar’s performance, with production volumes reaching satisfactory levels. 
Mineração Morro do Ipê S.A. ("MMI") 
In 2016, Mubadala and the Group acquired stakes in the Ipê and Tico-Tico mines and processing units 
located in the Serra Azul mining region of Minas Gerais, Brazil that were previously owned by MMX. To 
manage these assets a new company, Mineração Morro do Ipê S.A., has been established with Mubadala 
and the Group each holding 37 per cent. of shares and the remaining 26 per cent. owned by MMX's creditors, 
who approved the initiative following a judicial recovery plan. Following various capital increases since 
2017, Mubadala and the Group’s shareholding increased to approximately 50 per cent., diluting minority 
shareholders. 
The majority shareholders have invested more than USD 75 million in the Ipê and Tico-Tico mines and 
processing facilities to date. MMI employs approximately 700 people directly, and roughly the same 
number of permanent contractors, and the first ore was produced in March 2017. The original plan was to 
process existing iron ore stocks until 2021 and then shut the Ipe plant. But thanks to operational 
improvements by Trafigura’s local team, the life of the plant was expanded further to 2024, which is enough 
to complete the construction of the Tico plant. In 2019, the tailings dam incident at Vale’s Brumadinho 
mine affected production at the Group’s Ipê mine directly and indirectly, while 2020 was a year of good 
production. Over the financial year ended 30 September 2021, MMI recorded strong operational, safety 
and financial progress. 
In parallel, MMI has obtained regulatory permits to reopen the neighbouring Tico-Tico mine and build a 
new 6 Mtpa processing plant. Construction of the new Tico Tico processing plant is well advanced and 
completion is scheduled in the first half of 2023. Tico Tico will process the mine’s friable and semi compact 
ores, a more competitive and better-quality iron ore, enabling the production of high-quality pellet feed for 
steelmakers. 
A new environmental licensing process was followed for the Tico-Tico mine, including the development 
of environmental impact studies that are appropriate for the scope of the new project. These include treating 
tailings from the processing of iron ore through a system of filtration, drying and stacking which is 
environmentally and socially friendly, removing the need for tailing dams. The permit was successfully 
received in 2020, and earthwork together with ancillary construction work started in 2021. 
Goro Resources  
In March 2021, the Group acquired a 19 per cent. interest in Goro Resources via its shareholding in Prony 
Resources New Caledonia ("PRNC"). Goro Resources is a significant nickel mining operation on the 
Pacific island and PRNC is a joint venture which includes investors, mine management, employees and 
local government and community organisations. PRNC has secured direct employment for more than 1,500 
people and indirect employment for more than 2,000 contractors New Caledonia.

--- Page 152 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
Following the takeover, in April 2021, the facility was successfully restarted and ramped up to produce 
3,000 tonnes of mixed hydroxide precipitate ("MHP") per month, meeting electric vehicle battery 
specifications in just three months. Strong market conditions for MHP intermediates, as a result of growing 
demand for electric vehicles, supported the decision to shift the facility from producing nickel oxide for 
stainless steel production to MHP for batteries. Other developments in 2021 included the successful 
management of the impact of COVID-19 on employees. 
Priorities for 2023 include progressing the tailings dry‑stacking project, known as Project Lucy, which is 
aimed at reducing waste storage risk and protecting the environment. Overall, work continues to build up 
the operation so that production can be increased to at least 36,000 tonnes of nickel a year in a safe and 
stable manner. 
Galena Asset Management 
Galena Asset Management's teams operate wholly independently of the Group, but benefit from the Mining 
Group's expertise. Galena Asset Management is discussed in more detail below.  
Nyrstar  
Nyrstar is an international producer of critical minerals and metals essential for a low carbon future. With 
a market leading position in zinc and lead, Nyrstar has mining, smelting and other operations located in 
Europe, the United States and Australia and employs approximately 4,000 people. Its corporate office is 
based in Budel-Dorplein, in the Netherlands. 
Global Presence 
Nyrstar has global operations, with smelters and mines close to key customers and major transport hubs to 
facilitate delivery of raw materials and distribution of finished products. The map below illustrates 
Nyrstar’s current operations.

--- Page 153 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
NYRSTAR GLOBAL PRESENCE 
 
Nyrstar has two key operating segments: metals processing and mining. 
Metals Processing 
The metals processing segment comprises six smelters in Auby (France), Balen (Belgium), Budel (The 
Netherlands), Clarksville (U.S.), Hobart (Australia) and Port Pirie (Australia). Zinc smelting is the process 
of recovering and refining zinc metal out of zinc containing feed material such as zinc containing 
concentrates or zinc oxides. While Nyrstar’s smelters are mostly primary zinc smelters, its smelter in Port 
Pirie is a primary lead smelter with multi-metal recovery capabilities, i.e. with the possibility to process a 
wide range of lead-containing feedstocks to produce refined lead, zinc in fume, silver, copper and gold. 
Nyrstar is one of the largest producers of zinc metal in the world, producing over 1 million metric tonnes 
per annum of this critical metal for a low-carbon future. 
Mining 
The mining segment currently consists of Nyrstar Tennessee Mines (U.S.). To allow the company to focus 
on its core business, i.e. smelting, the Myra Falls and Langlois mines, in Canada, were transferred to 
Trafigura’s Mining Group in October 2020. In recent years, the mining segment sales to the metals 
processing division accounted for the vast majority of the segment’s revenue. 
Main economic drivers of Nyrstar’s business 
General 
Smelters are essentially processing businesses that generate earnings on the concentrates and other 
feedstocks they convert to primary metal and valuable by-products. The mining segment generates earnings 
on the minerals it extracts and subsequently processes into concentrates. Profits that Nyrstar realises 
through the production and sale of refined zinc, lead and other metals (metals processing segment), and 
through the production and sale of concentrates (mining segment) are affected by a number of interrelated 
factors, most notably the commodity prices for zinc and lead and the treatment charges (“TCs”) for 
processing of zinc and lead concentrates. These pricing dynamics are conceptually similar but differ in 
specifics for zinc, lead, and other base and precious metals. The focus in the discussion below is on the 
metal processing segment and the remuneration components.

--- Page 154 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Economic drivers of the Metal Processing Segment  
The below chart illustrates the elements of gross profit of the smelting business (rates presented below are 
indicative only). 
 ELEMENTS OF GROSS PROFIT OF THE SMELTING BUSINESS 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
A smelter earns revenue from the four following elements:  
• 
The TCs received from the mine (as a discount per tonne of concentrates purchased) to process 
the metal in concentrate into the refined product; 
• 
The value of free metal it can produce and sell over and above the metal content it has paid or in 
concentrates purchased from the miner;  
• 
The premium it can earn on the refined products it sells to its customers (i.e. sales of refined metal 
made by the smelter at prices above the LME prices); and 
• 
Sale of by-products extracted from the process of refining zinc and lead. 
 
While the relative weight of the contributors to smelter margins will vary according to the relationship 
between metal prices and TCs, Nyrstar’s metals processing segment and other smelters have historically 
obtained the majority of their margins from TCs and to a lesser extent from free metal, metal premiums and 
by-product sales. 
Focus on TCs 
The market price of zinc is a key component in determining the value of the zinc concentrate. The dynamics 
of how that value is shared between mining companies and smelting companies are driven primarily by the 
relationship between the global supply of zinc concentrate from miners and the global demand for zinc 
concentrates by the smelters. In a market situation where the demand for zinc concentrates is greater than 
the supply, a relatively greater share of the zinc metal value and lead metal value will typically go to the 
miner. Conversely, when concentrates are relatively abundant, the opposite occurs and the smelter typically 
captures a greater share of such value.  
Negotiation of the applicable TCs is a key mechanism by which the value of the contained zinc in 
concentrate shifts between the miner and the smelter. As is customary in the industry, smelting companies 
generally negotiate TCs with each supplier of zinc concentrate annually, early in the contract year, based 
on the smelting company’s and the miner’s expectations of future market conditions. In any given year, 
TCs tend to settle around norms established through negotiations between the major buyers and sellers of 
concentrate. These norms are commonly referred to as the “Benchmark” TC. A spot TC market also exists; 
however, it is relatively illiquid.  
Nyrstar’s results therefore partly correlate to the levels of TCs that it charges zinc miners to refine zinc 
concentrates and lead miners to refine lead concentrates. These TCs are cyclical in nature – see below for 
more information on zinc TCs (including historical data).  
Other components of the smelting remuneration: free metal contributions, premiums and by-products 
Free metal in relation to zinc is the value of the difference between the amount of zinc that is paid for in 
the concentrates and the total zinc recovered for sale by the smelter.

--- Page 155 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
In a typical zinc concentrate contract, the metals processing segment pays the mine for 85 per cent. of the 
zinc contained in the purchased concentrate. This has historically been the industry standard. Assuming the 
zinc smelters achieve an average zinc recovery of approximately 97 per cent. (this would depend on the 
concentrate quality and production efficiencies), the value of the free zinc of 12 per cent. (being the 
difference between 97 per cent. and 85 per cent.) is retained by the smelter. 
In a standard lead concentrate contract, the metals processing segment typically pays the mine for 95 per 
cent. of the lead metal contained in the concentrate. Accordingly, the proportion of free lead metal the 
metals processing segment obtains (being the difference between the amount of refined lead metal 
recovered for sale and the amount of lead metal paid for) is less than the equivalent proportion for zinc. If 
lead recoveries are approximately 98 per cent. to 99 per cent., the amount of free metal is approximately 3 
per cent. to 4 per cent. of the lead in the concentrates. In addition to lead concentrates, Port Pirie also feeds 
leach products with significantly lower lead payables, which results in higher amounts of free metal. 
Nyrstar’s focus on operational excellence aims to allow extracting maximum free metal to supplement 
earnings coming from TCs. Moreover, the portion of free metal is expected to increase with Port Pirie fully 
operational, processing a higher share of raw materials with low payables (e.g. leach products). 
A premium is the difference between the base LME price and the higher price that the metals processing 
segment achieves on sales of the refined zinc and lead metal. The premium reflects a combination of factors, 
including the service provided by the smelter in delivering zinc or lead of a certain size, shape or quality 
specified by its customers and transportation costs, as well as the conditions of supply and demand 
prevailing in the regional or local market where the metal is sold. Premiums tend to vary from region to 
region as transportation costs and the value attributable to customer specifications tend to be influenced by 
regional or local customs rather than being a function of global dynamics. Based on Nyrstar’s Research & 
Development activities and technical know-how, a significant portion of Nyrstar’s zinc and lead production 
is expected to be above standard commodity grade. 
Although the metals processing segment’s principal products are zinc and lead metal, it also sells silver, 
copper, gold, indium, sulfuric acid and other by-products from the process of refining zinc and lead. Nyrstar 
intends to further monetise these by-products. The quantity of by-products produced is dependent on a 
number of factors including the chemical composition of the concentrate and the recovery rates achieved. 
Concentrates from some mines contain higher levels of by-product metals than concentrates from other 
mines. In addition, the higher the rate of by-product recovery, the greater the amount of by-products that 
can be produced and sold. By volume, sulfuric acid is the major by-product the metals processing segment 
produces and sells. 
Port Pirie redevelopment project and ramp-up 
Port Pirie is an integrated multi-metals recovery plant with the flexibility to process a wide range of lead 
rich concentrates and smelting industry by-products. Port Pirie is one of the world’s largest primary lead 
smelting facilities and the third largest silver producer, which allows it to generate significant economies 
of scale.  
The Port Pirie redevelopment project, started in 2013 (feasibility studies), involved the conversion of the 
Port Pirie operations into an advanced metal recovery and refining facility enabling the facility to capture 
a greater proportion of the value contained within the feed material consumed by its global network of 
smelters as well as third party residues. Moreover, it aims to reduce environmental footprint, providing a 
step change reduction in airborne metal and dust emissions.  
The redevelopment of the Port Pirie smelter was commissioned in January 2018. However, the smelter 
encountered some technical difficulties during the first months of its operation, resulting in periodic 
production outage. In August 2019, an incident occurred with the hearth in the primary smelter, which 
resulted in a forced shut down for approximately 3 months. In November 2019, the Port Pirie smelter was 
restarted and the site returned to normal production. Thanks to investments and refurbishment of the furnace 
following the Group’s acquisition, the Port Pirie smelter was able to raise production to its design rate on 
several occasions in 2020 while reducing emissions. Still, Australian smelting operations, both at Port Pirie 
and, to a lesser extent, at Hobart, continued to face operating challenges in 2021, which resulted in lower 
than planned processed feedstock levels. This led to the recognition of an impairment loss of USD 125 
million in financial year ended 30 September 2021.

--- Page 156 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
In 2022, Nyrstar’s Australian assets faced another year of operational challenges, which had a significant 
impact on the company's overall performance. A USD 177 million impairment charge was recognised 
against the value of its Australian assets in financial year ended 30 September 2022. Shortly after the end 
of the financial year, the Port Pirie site in South Australia was closed for a planned major maintenance 
intended to improve the performance of the plant and reduce emissions. 
In spite of these challenges, Nyrstar continued to improve the sustainability of its operations. Nyrstar 
became the first company in Australia to receive accreditation to recycle and export raw materials from 
alkaline batteries. Household batteries from across Australia can now be processed at Port Pirie and become 
commodities such as copper or zinc, or go into green cement. 
Operational and financial issues – 2019 restructuring process 
The Group became a significant shareholder of Nyrstar Group, acquiring its shareholding through various 
acquisitions between October 2014 and February 2016, to finally reach an approximately 24.4 per cent. 
stake. The Group has had commercial arrangements with Nyrstar since its inception in 2007 and longer 
term-structured arrangements since acquiring a substantial shareholding in the company during 2015. 
In 2018, Nyrstar was impacted by a number of operational and financial issues, which negatively affected 
its performance. In 2019, the company was burdened with an unsustainably heavy debt load due to 
overexpansion and encountered increasing financial difficulties. This significant deterioration of 
operational and financial performance lead to a loss of market confidence and available liquidity and 
necessitated a fundamental capital restructuring. After several months of negotiation, the Group became 98 
per cent. owner of the holding company of the operating business of Nyrstar, now a non-listed company, 
consolidated within the Group’s balance sheet, effective as at 31 July 2019. In July 2022, Trafigura acquired 
the remaining 2 per cent. of the outstanding Nyrstar operating business shares, making the company wholly-
owned by Trafigura. 
As a part of the restructuring and in exchange for the discharge of Nyrstar’s obligations under its previous 
outstanding bonds and convertible notes, the Group provided to Nyrstar’s bondholders and convertible 
noteholders a pro rata share of each of the following instruments: a EUR 262.5 million perpetual bond, a 
USD 88 million senior bond and USD 251 million zero coupon commodity-linked instruments. Nyrstar 
also negotiated long-term bank financing with its bank creditors, including the reinstatement of financing 
facilities and completion of a USD 160 million new money facility, to ensure sufficient liquidity resources 
to operate the company on a long-term basis and permit higher smelter utilisation rates. This restructuring 
strengthened Nyrstar’s balance sheet with a material reduction of its indebtedness considering the haircut 
on banks lines and investors notes.  
Market fundamentals  
The Group acquired the operating assets of Nyrstar, as part of the restructuring, with a view to avoiding 
Nyrstar's insolvency and to protect its original investment, having determined that its global industrial 
multi-metal business is complementary to the existing trading activities of the Group. The Group sees 
significant potential in the company, which benefits from world-class facilities, strategically located close 
to key customers and major transport hubs, and a market leading position in zinc and lead. 
The Group’s support to Nyrstar was also driven by a positive outlook for zinc smelting, which would 
support the improvement in Nyrstar’s profitability. Noting the conducive market backdrop at the time with 
a significant increase of spot zinc TCs that climbed from a low of USD 20/tonne early 2018 to more than 
USD 300/tonne in January 2020, improving operational profit. Zinc TCs recovery in 2018 was explained 
by a combination of rising mine supply and limited smelter capacity. The reduction of smelting capacity 
was notably explained by a radical shift in the environmental policy supported by China as part of their 
new 2020 action plan for air pollution. Indeed, zinc smelting is typically less environmentally friendly than 
copper smelting because of larger proportions of noxious fumes and lead as by-product. Chinese authorities 
implemented a reduction of zinc smelting capacity in the country by introducing more cumbersome rules 
for smelters to operate. As a result, a number of zinc smelters in China were forced to shut down or 
significantly reduce their production at the time.

--- Page 157 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
ZINC TREATMENT CHARGES: JAN. 2016 – DEC. 2022 (USD/TONNE) 
 
Source: Fastmarkets MB, Trafigura Research 
The decline spot TCs during the year 2020 was a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, with a significant 
drop in refined metal’s demand during the first half of 2020, following quarantine measures implemented 
in China early in the year. During the second half of 2020, the strong restart of the Chinese economy resulted 
into consistent demand for zinc concentrates from smelters, while supply was limited due to disruptions at 
numerous mines across the globe. This drove spot TCs further down, to approximately USD 80/tonne 
around calendar year-end. However, with numerous important zinc mines back in operation, limitations on 
concentrates supply started to decrease in 2021, while product demand was increasing, resulting into a 
rebound in spot TCs towards the end of the year, which was confirmed during most of 2022. 
Also noting that as a mitigant to the volatility of spot TCs, similar to other major players in the zinc market, 
Nyrstar purchases a portion of its concentrate supplies based on Benchmark TCs. This typically represents 
about half or even more of total supplies, hence limiting uncertainties on costs and, as a result, increasing 
visibility on future cash flows and liquidity needs. 
Beyond this, other factors such as underlying metals prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates (given 
the company’s ongoing working capital requirements) are drivers of Nyrstar’s profitability. For example, 
zinc cash price has increased by more than 120 per cent. since the lows of early April 2020 and the end of 
April 2022, compensating for the relatively low spot TCs environment. The Group has taken advantage of 
this and implemented a risk management programme, hedging some key macro parameters in order to 
provide cash flow stability. Bearing in mind that with further infrastructure spending coming in both the 
US and Europe, the shortage of microchips expected to ease in coming months and the required 
replenishment of housing inventory in the US, the zinc market is likely to remain relatively tight going 
forward. 
Nyrstar restructuring progress and outlook  
As the change of ownership took effect, the Group appointed Daniel Vanin, a seasoned company executive 
with 40 years’ experience in the metals industry, including leadership of mining and smelter development 
projects, as CEO of Nyrstar’s operational business. Other senior appointments followed, including a new 
CFO, Karl Söderberg, who has more than 20 years of experience in the mining and metals industry. 
Effective December 2022, another major change in Nyrstar leadership was implemented as Guido Janssen 
and Dale Webb – previously Nyrstar’s regional Vice Presidents for Europe & USA and Australia, 
respectively – were appointed to lead Nyrstar as Co-CEOs. They succeed Daniel Vanin, who has decided 
to step down after having been the company’s CEO for the past 3 years. The Nyrstar management team is 
now composed of a mix of top industry, Trafigura/former Trafigura and Nyrstar professionals.

--- Page 158 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
Nyrstar’s management has a strategy aimed at positioning the business for a sustainable future as a leading 
metals processing business. Through its deep market insight and unique processing capabilities, Nyrstar 
aims to generate superior returns by extracting the maximum value inherent in the mineral resources and 
by-products it processes. Since completion of the restructuring in July 2019, the company has been in 
turnaround mode with significant capital investment in operational improvement and modernisation, 
following years of underinvestment. During 2021, this resulted into USD 267 million in capital expenditure 
across Nyrstar’s global smelting operations and mining assets (USD 280 million in 2020). This trend has 
continued over the financial year ended 30 September 2022 with investments in the Nyrstar industrial 
facilities of USD 276 million. 
Nyrstar is now headquartered adjacent to its major zinc smelting plant in Budel (Netherlands), nearby its 
Balen (Belgium) and Auby (France) smelters. Beyond the operational rationale, this relocation from Zurich 
(Switzerland) permitted a significant overhead cost reduction. The management is implementing a more 
decentralised approach, and Nyrstar is being carved into three distinct operating regions: Europe, Australia 
and North America, each reporting to headquarters on its own profitability. The intention is to drive greater 
accountability and focus on profit margins.  
In the financial year ended 30 September 2022, Nyrstar recorded a loss due to operational issues in Australia 
and soaring power prices which forced the company to curtail production at its European smelters: 
• 
Nyrstar’s sites in Europe were impacted by a range of factors, including elevated energy prices. 
This resulted in periods of care and maintenance for some and/or reduced production at all of the 
sites. The operation level of these sites in the short to medium term will be dependent upon market 
conditions, which remain extremely challenging; 
• 
In Australia, Nyrstar faced a further year of operational challenges, which had a significant impact 
on the company's overall performance. A USD 177 million impairment charge was recognised 
against the value of its Australian assets; and 
• 
In the USA, production volumes at Middle Tennessee, a US zinc mining complex owned by Nyrstar, 
were satisfactory. At the East Tennessee site, production volumes were lower than expected. 
Management teams at both mines have now been consolidated and improved performance is 
expected over the next financial year. 
In spite of these challenges, Nyrstar continued to improve the sustainability of its operations. Highlights 
from the financial year ended 30 September 2022 included the commissioning of an innovative wind park 
at the Balen site and, in collaboration with Nala Renewables, the construction of the largest lithium-ion 
battery energy storage system in Belgium at the same location. At Budel (Netherlands), Nyrstar has applied 
for permission to increase the capacity of its solar park to 96 MWp from 44 MWp. As mentioned earlier, 
Nyrstar became the first company in Australia to receive accreditation to recycle and export raw materials 
from alkaline batteries. Household batteries from across Australia can now be processed at Port Pirie and 
become commodities such as copper or zinc, or go into green cement. In the US, Nyrstar is studying the 
potential to build a state-of-the-art germanium and gallium recovery and processing facility at its primary 
zinc smelter in Clarksville, Tennessee. The company is engaging with federal and state government to 
secure support for the project, which would enable these critical minerals to be produced domestically in 
the US, boosting security of supply. 
These activities underpin Nyrstar’s role as a responsible and reliable producer of strategic and critical 
minerals and metals to further advance the energy transition. Now that the company has been fully 
integrated into Trafigura, it benefits from the Group’s expertise, leveraging Trafigura’s trading teams and 
best practice in terms of sourcing concentrates and marketing refined metal output and refined products, 
leading to better plant utilisation and more consistent performance for customers.  
Looking ahead, Nyrstar will continue to seek to stabilise production across its operations. Challenges are 
however expected to remain significant, in particular in the form of ongoing very high energy prices and 
general cost inflationary impacts.

--- Page 159 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
TFG Marine 
Established in 2020, TFG Marine is a marine fuels supply and procurement joint venture, between the 
Group and ship owning companies Frontline and Golden Ocean Group. The joint venture brings together 
three companies that are market-leaders in their respective fields, each with solid credentials and 
complementary strengths in global commodity trading and shipping. The company work closely with the 
Group’s in-house trading and shipping teams to source and sell competitively priced fuels both to vessels 
under Trafigura time charter and to the wider shipping market. 
The combined marine fuel demand from the Group, Frontline and Golden Ocean, covering a fleet of more 
than700 owned and chartered vessels, provides economies of scale, and lays the foundation for TFG Marine 
to become one of the world’s largest fuel procurement and supply alliances, generating substantial demand 
in key bunkering hub ports globally. One of the key focusses of the company is to improve transparency in 
new markets and provide customers with more sustainable marine fuels. 
TFG Marine offers a variety of IMO 2020 compliant fuel products to the shipping industry, including 
marine gasoil ("MGO"), 0.5 per cent. very low-sulphur fuel oil ("VLSFO"), 0.1 per cent. low-sulphur gas 
oil ("LSGO") and high-sulphur fuel oil ("HSFO") for ships with on-board scrubbers. By the end of 2020, 
the company’s rapidly expanding offer included a range of advanced marine biofuels to customers in the 
ports of Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp (Netherlands). 
The company has been rapidly scaling up its global footprint over its first two years of operations and plans 
to continue growing volumes during 2023. The map below shows the global footprint of TFG Marine’s 
supply operations, covering most of the key bunkering hubs, such as Singapore, Panama or Amsterdam-
Rotterdam-Antwerp. The company also announced in January 2022 the start of operations in the New York 
Harbor, a welcome addition to the existing US footprint in the Gulf Coast. TFG Marine is now operational 
in 35 key hubs along the world’s major shipping routes. 
Over the financial year 2021, the global tanker market provided a sombre backdrop, one of the toughest 
years on record for bunkering as a result of oversupply. However, TFG Marine made strong progress, 
increasing its footprint and volumes in all regions, to the point where it is already one of the top three 
physical bunker suppliers in the market. A key advantage is the strong financial backing of the Trafigura 
Group: in the current environment of rising oil prices, this has enabled TFG Marine to provide favourable 
payment terms to customers where some other suppliers have struggled to do so. During 2021, TFG Marine 
more than held its own, even in the most challenging parts of the market, such as Africa and Singapore, and 
secured licences to enable further expansion in the European port complex of Amsterdam-Rotterdam-
Antwerp, the Mediterranean and China. 
In the financial year ended 30 September 2022, TFG Marine was able to successfully navigate highly 
volatile market conditions and meet the needs of its growing customer base as many of its rivals struggled 
in a market defined by unprecedented volatility. As a result, the joint venture recorded 
stronger‑than‑expected profit over the financial year. 
Digitisation and decarbonisation will be two key areas of focus for the business going forward. TFG Marine 
will continue to promote the need for mass flow meters, a digital technology that accurately measures 
marine fuel deliveries, to shift the industry away from outdated operational practices and to bring greater 
transparency. Moreover, as the shipping industry transitions from carbon intensive fuels to low-carbon 
alternatives such as green ammonia and methanol, TFG Marine plans to work with its shareholders and 
customers to ensure that they can reach their decarbonisation goals and access the fuels of the future. 
Looking forward, the Group expects further turbulence in the year ahead as the bunker market is affected 
by geopolitical events and fears of recession.

--- Page 160 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
TFG MARINE’S SUPPLY OPERATIONS 
 
 
Galena Asset Management 
 
Founded in 2003, Galena Asset Management is the Group’s wholly-owned and regulated investment 
subsidiary. Galena operates a number of funds focusing on opportunities that are linked to the Group’s 
investment activities in mining, metals, energy, shipping and infrastructure. It offers third-party investors 
the opportunity to invest alongside the Group on an equal basis. Galena manages potential conflicts of 
interest and ensures that its structures have the appropriate governance and that independent oversight is in 
place. 
The Galena Private Equity Resources Fund raised USD 400 million in 2013 to invest in the equity and debt 
of metals and mining companies, of which, the Group has committed USD 100 million in the fund pari-
passu to external investors. The fund became fully invested in 2017, holding positions in three assets located 
in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mawson West copper mine), the U.S. (bituminous coal producer 
Wolverine Fuels) and Finland (zinc, nickel and cobalt producer Terrafame). A successor fund was 
established in 2018 to undertake a second investment in Terrafame, with the aim of adding a new production 
unit for nickel sulphate, a product in growing demand for use in batteries for electric vehicles. This fund 
closed with investment of USD 225 million during 2019. 
In addition, in November 2018, the Galena Multistrategy Fund was established with an initial allocation of 
USD 45 million to invest in liquid, commodity-related strategies across multiple asset classes. This fund 
was the main focus of activity in the financial year 2021, up 82 per cent. over the financial year, making it 
one of the best performing commodity hedge funds globally. The fund was able to capitalise on the unique 
investment opportunities created in the macro and commodities space by the dislocations arising from 
COVID-19 and its aftermath – in particular the collision between a strong revival in demand for 
commodities and a more constrained supply response, coupled with substantial logistical bottlenecks. 
Galena was able to leverage the Group’s market intelligence, relying on market specialists with detailed 
and timely information in order to understand the underlying realities of the physical markets. In the 
financial year ended 30 September 2022, the fund continued to perform well, despite a complex year, with 
extreme volatility in commodity prices and financial markets in general. 
In June 2021, Galena successfully completed the first funding within a USD 155 million, closed-ended 3-
year committed prepayment portfolio fund. This fund, a first of its kind in the commodities industry, was 
raised with private equity and senior debt provided by a syndicate of core banks for the Group. The fund is 
managed independently from the Group and has been established to purchase insured prepayments from 
the Group, for commodities including oil, metals and minerals, thus increasing the Group’s ability to agree 
further prepayments with producing counterparties. Those prepayments are used to organise upfront loans 
for commodity producing counterparties and are repaid over time in commodity shipments.

--- Page 161 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
On the private equity side of Galena’s activities, substantial progress was made in 2021 on Terrafame. 
Although the company suffered delays as a result of the global pandemic, it started producing nickel 
sulphate in its plant during the summer. Through this project, Terrafame is transitioning into one of the 
most efficient, low-carbon battery-grade nickel sulphate producers in the world. In 2022, Terrafame 
continued to make progress with its new battery chemicals plant, gradually ramping up production. Once 
at full capacity, the plant will be capable of producing 170,000 tonnes of low-carbon nickel sulphate a year, 
which is enough metal for around one million electric vehicles. 
The highlight of 2022 was the launch of the Galena Structured Credit Resources Fund, which specialises 
in trade finance. It started deploying capital in March 2022 and has currently lent a total of USD 50 million 
to three upstream oil players – two in Canada and one in West Africa. The fund enables Trafigura and 
external investors to access an attractive investment strategy that provides stable returns and indirect 
exposure to commodity prices. In the coming years, strong growth in alternative capital sources is expected 
that will allow the funding of efficient new projects that are needed in the energy and metals space. 
For the year ahead, the high level of volatility is expected to continue as microeconomic fundamentals such 
as the lack of investment in new production capacity and low inventories bump up against macroeconomic 
and geopolitical headwinds. 
Galena is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and is carefully 
monitored by its own dedicated internal compliance department and supported by an external compliance 
consultant.  
The Group's Capital Expenditure and Long-Term Equity Investment Programme 
The Group's capital expenditures and long-term equity investment programme ("Capex") is mostly related 
to infrastructure projects within the Group’s industrial asset divisions (in particular Impala Terminals, the 
Mining operations and Nyrstar, since consolidation in 2019), but also, more recently, increasingly in the 
form of joint ventures and partnerships, including some that are specifically related to the development of 
the trading business. The Group’s Capex is largely of a discretionary nature, except for the approximately 
USD 250 million in yearly maintenance Capex at Nyrstar since its consolidation, providing visibility on 
the Group’s liquidity requirements. 
The Group has invested significant resources to develop its physical assets portfolio over the years. The 
Group's strong performance and solid track record have helped open up new opportunities that might not 
be available to an entity of a smaller size or with a shorter track record. The assets often contribute on a 
standalone basis to the Group's earning potential, but also offer significant synergies with the Group's 
trading activities, creating opportunities that would not otherwise be available to the Group and supporting 
business development. These divisions enable the Group to generate stable and recurring revenues 
irrespective of prevailing market conditions. 
The Group's Capex is executed and monitored in accordance with four core principles: 
• 
A favourable assessment of the standalone profitability of each investment, meeting internal return 
requirements on investment hurdles; 
• 
Beyond a baseline maintenance capital expenditure, certain other elements of planned capital 
expenditure are flexible and could be deferred if necessary in order to smooth the Group's liquidity 
requirements. This is particularly true for investments made over several phases and expansionary 
capital expenditures which can be considered since it is discretionary and uncommitted; 
• 
Over time, Capex has a positive impact on the EBITDA of the Group's industrial businesses 
resulting from productivity gains, increased volumes and synergies. The speed at which Capex is 
expected to turn into cash flows is also a key consideration; and 
• 
Maintaining the Group's credit standing with unsecured lenders is achieved by building value in the 
long run and managing the Group's business and financial profile in a manner consistent with that 
of an investment grade company. There is management oversight over the Group's Capex plan, 
ensuring that the impact of such spending would not compromise the Group's compliance with its 
financial covenants.

--- Page 162 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
Investments in fixed assets and equity investments can be monetised to generate liquidity for the Group. 
The Group has demonstrated over the years its ability to make divestments. For instance, this has included 
the sale of: 
• 
Mining assets (Volcan, Anvil, Tiger, CMC and 50 per cent. of MATSA); 
• 
Equity investments (Corpus Christi Holdings, Chinalco Mining, Mexican Tuxpan pipeline); 
• 
Portions of its stake in Puma Energy in 2011 and 2013 to existing minority stakeholders; 
• 
Some of Impala Terminals’ logistics assets to a joint venture with IFM Investors in 2018 (the Simba 
JV/ITG JV). 
These sales have generated substantial cash flows and profits for the Group and validate the Group's strategy 
of investing in industrial and logistical assets to support its trading business and generate new revenue 
streams. The transactions also demonstrate the Group's rigorous approach to managing its portfolio of asset 
investments, using capital in a disciplined manner and releasing value when the opportunity arises to recycle 
capital into new projects with a view to creating further profitable growth. 
In the financial year ended 30 September 2016, the Group reached the end of an intensive cycle of 
investments in industrial and logistical assets and accordingly booked a reduced level of Capex.  the Group 
decided in the financial year ended 30 September 2017 to limit total annual capital expenditures and 
investments (net of divestments) to USD 500 million for the years to come. This remained the case until 
the financial year ended 30 September 2020, with Capex (net of divestments) amounting to USD 265 
million. Such reduced capital expenditures supported the Group’s deleveraging plan over that period. 
Noting that Trafigura continued to invest in assets that offer opportunities, where appropriate, firstly in the 
form of joint ventures and partnerships, as the Group seeks to expand its business and trading flows with a 
partnership-oriented growth model, as opposed to the full asset ownership model that had been pursued in 
the past. 
Over the financial year ended 30 September 2021, for the first time in years, Capex (net of divestments) 
was USD 2,728 million, well above the envelope of USD 500 million set by the Group in the financial year 
ended 30 September 2017, mostly due to the Vostok Oil investment in December 2020. The decision to 
proceed with such investment was made following an exceptional Operating Free Cash Flow generation in 
the financial year ended 30 September 2020 of USD 4.0 billion (after IFRS 16 adjustment) which continued 
over the financial year ended 30 September 2021. Despite this significant acquisition, Operating Free Cash 
Flow for the year remained at a very strong level of USD 2.1 billion (after IFRS 16 adjustment).  
During the financial year ended 30 September 2022, Capex (net of divestments) was USD 536 million, with 
USD 1,032 million additional ‘Property, plant and equipment’, mainly related to investments in the Nyrstar 
industrial facilities and mines, and vessels; together with USD 568 million additional ‘Intangible assets’, 
mostly consisting of environmental emission credits and allowances held for own use. This was partially 
offset by (i) USD 481 million in disposals, primarily related to sale and lease-back transactions on a number 
of vessels, and (ii) the receipt of USD 727 million due from Sandfire Resources in relation to the sale of 
MATSA. 
During the financial year ended 30 September 2022, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February, 
Trafigura froze its investments in Russia and announced a review of the Group’s 10 per cent. non-
operational, passive shareholding in Vostok Oil, with the intention of exiting. The Group terminated its 
long-term contracts with Russian state-owned entities ahead of sanctions taking effect in May. Then, in 
July 2022, Trafigura completed the exit of the Vostok investment, including associated non-recourse bank 
debt at the structured entity level. No loss was recorded at the exit from the investment structure. 
Industry Overview Oil Market 
Crude Oil 
Crude oil is a major commodity traded on the international markets. There are numerous derivative products 
obtained from the processing of crude oil which are also useable and tradable, including gasoline, naphtha, 
fuel oil and bitumen. Gasoline and distillates are the most widely traded refined products, in terms of 
volumes traded.

--- Page 163 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
The physical global supply and demand of crude oil determines its long-term price, like all commodities. 
However, given crude oil’s role as one of the world’s key economic drivers, its short-term price can become 
especially volatile due to geopolitical events, financial positioning, macro-economic developments and 
regulatory changes. These events can quickly shift the short-term supply and demand fundamentals causing 
a sharp price response.  
The physical supply of crude oil is born from exploration and production projects that are executed by 
national energy companies, like Saudi Aramco, or private enterprise, which can be independent or 
integrated energy companies, like British Petroleum (BP). Oil producing nations are often differentiated as 
being part of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) or not (non-OPEC). As at end 
of 2018, OPEC countries held approximately 79 per cent. of the world’s proven oil reserves (with the bulk 
of those reserves located in the Middle East), but they only accounted for around 40 per cent. of the world’s 
oil production and possessed less than 15 per cent. of the refining capacity. 
Although there is no consolidated data available regarding total volumes handled by traders, the Group's 
market experience indicates that between 50 to 60 mmbpd are "freely" traded, which equates to just under 
half of the total market volume. These are volumes on the "tradable market", i.e. volumes that are not 
handled by producers directly to consumers. The tradable market holds significant opportunities for 
companies engaged in the physical trading of oil, such as the Group, Vitol and Glencore. Over the financial 
year 2022, the Group traded an average of 6.6 mbpd of physical oil and petroleum products. 
There exist hundreds of different varieties or “grades” of crude oil, which are valued differently by refiners 
due to their chemical compositions and yields of refined products from the refining process. The pricing of 
the many varieties of crude oil amongst buyers and sellers is done on the basis of premiums or discounts to 
a much smaller number of “benchmark” crude oils. Benchmark crude oils include Brent crude oil ("Brent") 
Dubai, and West Texas Intermediate ("WTI"). Brent crude is estimated to price two thirds of internationally 
traded crude oil supplies, which is why a major international event is typically reflected in the price of Brent 
futures in the short-term. Dubai crude is used as a benchmark to price crude oils sold from the Arab Gulf 
into Asia. WTI is the benchmark for sales into the United States and is often compared to the price of Brent 
as a price differential. More recently, the Shanghai crude futures were introduced to represent an Asian 
benchmark.  
The vast majority of crude oil is refined into various fuel products, and a small fraction is used to produce 
chemicals, which are the basis for the petrochemical industry, which includes plastics, pharmaceuticals and 
cosmetics. 
Oil Products 
Global oil refined products (“liquids”) demand growth generally trends with global economic growth given 
its role in the industrial, construction, and transportation sectors. Looking at the past twenty years, this trend 
has mainly been upwards except for the years of 2008 and 2009 when consumption of energy fell because 
of the global economic recession and during the COVID-19 pandemic (in 2020 and 2021) when fuel 
demand dropped due to lockdowns across the globe. Even then, the upward trend quickly resumed in the 
years that followed those years of liquids demand contraction. A sizeable boost to oil liquids demand 
occurred in the years that followed 2015 as lower priced motor fuels benefited consumers in the OECD 
countries, plus China and India. This was a result of a sharp fall in the price of crude oil that began in late 
2014, which trickled down to the prices of refined products, particularly gasoline and diesel.  
Since the lows in early 2016, a slow rise in oil price has occurred, but refined product demand growth 
continued while the world witnessed robust in-sync economic growth in 2016 and 2017 headlined by OECD 
countries. However, as central banks responded to economic strength with higher interest rates and oil 
prices climbed higher on tighter supply and demand balances, fears of refined product demand erosion 
started to arrive in 2018. The addition of a trade war narrative between the United States and China escalated 
the fears of economic decline quicker than originally surmised by the market. Demand and prices remained 
subdued in 2019 as global growth began to slow from its 2018 peak, due in no small part to the trade war. 
Then, in 2020, the emergence of COVID-19 caused an unprecedented drop in product demand. Since that 
initial drop however, demand for oil products has been trending steadily upwards, with the notable 
exception of China in 2022, as the second-largest oil consumer struggled with COVID. Global demand 
should reach a new record high in 2023 as global growth continues, and China’s re-opening causes a boost 
to both economic and oil demand growth.

--- Page 164 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
The correlation between oil liquids growth and global GDP growth has weakened, reflecting the increased 
use of alternative fuels and improved efficiency. Oil liquids consumption increased by approximately 1.4 
per cent. (compounded annually) since 2004, compared with a purchasing power parity weighted increase 
in global GDP of 5.9 per cent. Over recent years, a 1 per cent. increase in global GDP has resulted in oil 
liquids consumption increase of approximately 200,000 barrels per day. However, the relationship remains 
stronger in developing countries, as per capita income levels are key. When these hit around USD 4,000 
per capita, overall energy consumption, and in particular road transport consumption, tends to increase at a 
much higher rate than GDP growth. Therefore, peak oil demand in these countries will likely come later 
than in the Western world, where regulations, demographics and the more advanced rise of renewables will 
hasten its arrival. As a result, growth for oil liquids demand is now concentrated in non-OECD countries, 
where the growth and market share has overtaken OECD countries and will continue to do so. 
Refining Capacity and Other Fundamental Factors 
A clear view on refining capacity helps to shape the forward view on crude oil demand and refined oil 
products supply. For example, refining capacity becomes a bottleneck when crude supply is sufficient but 
oil products demand outstrips the production capacity able to supply oil products demand. The historic 
pattern has been that when demand for refined products increases at a rate greater than additions in refining 
capacity, refining margins widen to incentivise additional refining capacity growth. Conversely, when 
additions in refining capacity exceed the growth rate in demand for refined products, refining margins 
contract to incentivise capacity rationalisation. 
Other oil market fundamental factors include environmental seasonality and weather events, which can 
affect price similar to geopolitical risks given the unpredictability of such events. Cold weather regions 
experience a boost in demand for heating products. Surprise weather events, like hurricanes, can greatly 
affect both the production of crude oil and supply of refined products simultaneously, as offshore rigs and 
refineries need to be “shut in” in the Gulf of Mexico, creating high price volatility.  
On a different scale, factors such as the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve increasing or releasing stockpiles 
can influence the market within the North American region and beyond. 
Although the market for producers and refiners is consolidated, the range of consumers is wide and 
fragmented. Consumers of products vary from car users to large petrochemical companies, which turn crude 
and refined products into sophisticated derivatives such as cosmetics. The oil market is also unique in that 
the versatility of uses for and characteristics of primary refined products means that industrial users can 
differentiate between their usage of crude and refined products mainly in terms of price and/or availability 
to produce further refined derivatives. 
The Group benefits from this highly volatile environment by being able to make trading plays using its 
arbitrage expertise, geographical reach, storage blending capabilities and freight options. In addition, the 
use of financial derivatives provides the Group with the means to enhance opportunities in the market while 
hedging against outright price risk. 
Crude Oil Price Analysis-Focus since financial year ended 30 September 2020  
Crude oil prices were relatively stable in percentage terms from 2012 to the first half of 2014. However, a 
notable decline ensued in the second half of 2014. Brent fell from USD 115/bbl in June to around USD 
55/bbl in December, as offline production in Libya and Iran masked rapid production growth in North 
America and other regional gains for some time. Prices then stayed in a USD 40-60/bbl range for the next 
four years, as price moves above that level led to increased US production, and prices below were met with 
OPEC production cuts, leaving the market in relative stasis. 
Structural declines started to show in many producing countries in 2018, leading prices to start to move 
higher before a major ramp-up in Saudi, Russian and US production combined with Iranian sanctions relief 
led to a rapid increase in available barrels, bringing prices down again.  
On 14 September 2019, the 7-mbpd oil processing facility in Abqaiq, Saudi Arabia was attacked by drones, 
essentially shutting off approximately 7 per cent. of global oil production. Oil price briefly spiked 20 per 
cent., or nearly USD 11/bbl, at market open marking its biggest jump in 28 years’ time before settling 10 
per cent. higher, or USD 6/bbl, at around USD 66/bbl. It was a significant moment for Saudi Aramco as it 
was in the process of its launching the company’s IPO and the world watched as it quickly handled the

--- Page 165 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
situation given the magnitude of the event shifting physical crude oil cargoes and restarting production in 
just weeks’ time. Crude within a month’s time fell back to levels before the event took place as the main 
themes of trade war and US production growth hampered a constructive flat price view, knocking it back 
below USD 60/bbl again. As 2019 closed, the US and China trade talks took a positive turn with an 
announcement of a Phase 1 deal and crude oil traded back to around USD 65/bbl. 
Heading into 2020, the macro backdrop was finally looking more positive. In addition, the Middle East 
suffered its latest dramatic geopolitical event with the killing of Iran’s critical General Soleimani, which 
again whipsawed crude oil price up to around USD 70/bbl as fears of a US and Iran war seemed imminent. 
But, as Iran responded in minimal fashion, and President Trump held a news conference that tempered fears, 
crude oil price fell back to levels before the death of Soleimani, trading again around USD 65/bbl. 
However, that was pre-COVID. Just as the year was getting started, reports emerged of a new virus 
spreading rapidly in Wuhan, China, leading to the authorities locking down first the city, then the province 
and eventually the whole country. The virus nonetheless spread outside the country’s borders, leading to a 
global pandemic the likes of which the world has not seen since the 1918 Flu Pandemic. As of this writing, 
the global death toll is in the millions, with many tens of millions more having suffered from the virus. As 
a result, governments around the world put in place strict curtailments on movement and economic activity 
in a bid to halt the spread of the disease. This shutdown of movement was unprecedented in modern times, 
leading to the sharpest ever fall in oil demand, approximately 20-25 per cent. However, just prior to the 
shutdowns, OPEC+ had a fateful meeting wherein they failed to agree on new production quotas, which 
meant every member was free to ramp up production to their operating limits, which they promptly all did. 
That ramp up to record high supply just at the time that demand was hitting record lows meant that 
inventories began to pile up rapidly, reaching maximum limits in some areas. In the US, at the main delivery 
point for WTI, the main marker grade, negative prices were seen for the first time ever, as the physical 
requirements for storage exceeded available capacity, and therefore prices needed to incentivize flows to 
move elsewhere.  
Negative prices were the signal to oil producers that they needed to curtail supplies, and quickly. The result 
was a historic agreement between OPEC+ and other major producers including Brazil, Norway, Canada 
and Mexico, to reduce supplies by at least 10 mbpd (approximately 10 per cent. of the global oil market). 
While the US did not join in the agreement, low prices (and, later in the year, storms in the Gulf of Mexico) 
forced many producers to reduce production in any case, removing almost 3 mbpd at the lowest point. 
In 2021, oil prices (Brent) rebounded by more than 90 per cent. over the course of the financial year, rising 
by approximately USD38 per barrel. This increase in prices came despite a brutal second wave of COVID-
19 infections and lockdowns over the northern hemisphere winter, followed by another sharp hit from the 
Delta wave in late summer which meant that oil demand had not yet fully recovered to 2019 levels as at the 
end of September 2021. 
Coming into 2022, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine led to a major re-wiring of global oil trade flows, as 
Russian barrels (both crude and refined products) that historically went to Europe were re-routed to India 
and China, with Europe replacing the Russian volumes with barrels from the Middle East and US that 
normally would have gone to those Asian markets. Oil cargoes now had to spend much longer on the water, 
and shipping costs rose sharply to adjust to the new requirements. Crude prices came off after an initial 
spike, due to an unprecedented release of barrels from OECD countries’ Strategic Petroleum Reserves 
(SPRs), especially from the US. These barrels masked the underlying lack of supply capacity, the result of 
years of under-investment. The other factor weighing on prices was concerns about the macro environment, 
as China’s lockdowns and fears of an impending Fed-induced recession in the rest of the world, caused 
traders and funds to doubt the strength of any apparent recovery. But coming in to 2023, production capacity 
remains constrained despite projected growth in some non-OPEC countries, while China’s re-opening after 
the lifting of Zero COVID Policies looks like it will add substantial demand. This could lead to a sustained 
move higher in prices, as long as the world manages to avoid a deep recession. 
Shale Revolution Gas Side Effects and Opportunities 
In addition to crude oil, increased US shale gas production has had an effect on natural gas market 
development. In previous years, the natural gas market had been regionally isolated as global transportation 
of gas proved both difficult and expensive. However, the natural gas production boom from shale 
exploration has spurred recent infrastructure developments, quickly making the economics of global 
liquefied natural gas trading increasingly attractive. The Group is well placed as the second largest physical

--- Page 166 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
global LNG trader in the world to take advantage of these opportunities as the US and other producing 
nations use their large reserves of shale gas to produce more liquefied products for export purposes.  
As one of the main structural changes over the past decade, increased natural gas production has garnered 
greater attention as an alternative fuel source to coal for supplementing world energy demands. The Group 
continues to believe coal is likely to remain essential to worldwide energy consumption for the next decade. 
This is especially driven by the fact that drilling costs and associated capital expenditures for shale gas 
wells in China, the world’s largest coal consumer, are too high to justify a quick move away from coal. 
Analysis of the Impact of Declining Oil Prices on the Group 
From September 2014 to September 2017 oil prices declined by 40 per cent. and there were points in 2015 
when the scale of the fall was even greater. When oil prices hit a trough, history has shown that the energy 
industry's response is a flurry of mergers and acquisitions. Price crashes in the early 1980s and late 1990s 
sparked a wave of deal-making that reshaped the industry. A decline in the mid-2000s led the majors to 
pick up smaller producing companies. Previous consolidations took place after a prolonged slump in crude 
prices and often during a period of weak energy-stock market valuations - bearing in mind that the Group 
is not active in oil exploration and production. 
The Group’s business model benefits from volatility in commodities markets and, historically, declines in 
commodity prices have had almost no adverse effect on the way the Group conducts its day-to-day business. 
The Group hedges the risk embedded in its physical trade flows and, as a result, commodity price decreases 
have no impact on the Company’s profitability. In financial year 2020, the exceptional trading performance 
of the Group was mainly driven by unprecedented volatility in commodities markets due to the COVID-19 
pandemic on global economy and the emergence of contango forward price curves during the year. At the 
same time, oil prices fell by more than 50 per cent. during first half of 2020. Such trend has been clearly 
demonstrated since the Group’s inception, through historic oil price crashes, e.g. 2008-09 and 2015-16, as 
presented in the chart below. At times like these, the Group’s expertise in solving disconnects in global 
markets between supply and demand becomes more relevant than ever.  
The Group operates as a global supply chain manager, providing valuable services to customers across the 
globe. In periods of higher supply chain pressures Trafigura is able to leverage its expertise in the field. 
Over financial year 2021 and 2022, while volatility did not match the exceptional levels of the financial 
year ended 30 September 2020, it remained relatively elevated (when compared to the last ten years). 
However, the progressive recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical tensions in recent years, 
culminating with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, triggered historically unseen congestion 
in global supply chains, impacting global trade flows. In this environment, the Group benefited from its 
global scale, experience and flight to quality, both in terms of customer relationships and financial liquidity.

--- Page 167 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
Source: Public market data (Bloomberg): Brent – Generic 1st Crude Oil future (‘CO1 Comdty’) // CBOE Crude Oil ETF Volatility 
Index (‘OVX Index’) measures market's expectation of 30-day volatility of crude oil prices by applying the VIX® methodology to 
United States Oil Fund (USO) options spanning a wide range of strike prices // The Global Supply Chain Pressure Index (GSCPI) – 
index to measure of supply chain conditions, created by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
Note: Underlying EBITDA is defined as operating profit or loss before depreciation and amortisation excluding share-based payments 
(non-cash) and exceptional and/or non-operational items.  As from 1 October 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16. The impact of 
IFRS 16 on underlying EBITDA for the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to increases of USD 1,358 million, USD 1,270 
million and USD 1,194 million, respectively. Prior year numbers have not been restated for IFRS 16. 
The Impact of Contango and Backwardation 
In a contango market, where forward prices are higher than current spot prices, the Group is able to buy 
and place cargoes in storage whilst selling the equivalent forward contract. As long as the cost of the 
transaction, which includes storage, insurance and financing, does not exceed the price differential between 
the forward and spot rates, the Group is able to lock in profit with very little risk. In the past year, primarily 
driven by falling inventories and increased producer hedging activity, the global oil market was forced into 
backwardation, i.e. when futures prices fall below the current spot price. In the scenario when a switch from 
contango to backwardation occurs, commodity traders often experience an impact on profit margins, as it 
takes time to unwind storage positions that had been attractive when forward prices were higher than spot.  
Conversely, with the price curve showing a steep contango for much of the year, 2020 was a favourable 
environment for physical commodities trading, and the Group was able to deliver a record trading profit 
for the year. The contango structure reached a peak in the oil market as at March 2020 end with a differential 
between one-month and six-month futures reaching USD 13 per barrel, allowing the Group to generate a 
significant gain over the cost of carry. 
During the financial year ended 30 September 2021, crude oil market was in shallow backwardation, 
making for more challenging trading conditions. However, in a volatile environment, the Group’s services 
in supply chain management and connecting supply and demand remained in great demand. Rather than 
releasing oil to the market in aggregate as typically takes place in a backwardated market, the Group 
continued to focus on serving its customers along the forward price curve. Over the financial year ended 
30 September 2022, while most commodities markets were in deeper backwardation, the substantial 
dislocations in energy markets triggered significant pressure on global supply chains, together with 
volatility spikes, which put a premium on Trafigura’s ability to move commodities globally, to where they 
are in highest demand as efficiently as possible, hence resulting into higher margins. 
The chart below shows the historical impact that the move from contango to backwardation, and vice versa, 
has had on Trafigura’s underlying EBITDA margins. 
 
RESILIENCE IN A VOLATILE COMMODITY MARKET

--- Page 168 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
THE IMPACT OF CONTANGO AND BACKWARDATION 
Source: Public Market Data, Trafigura Research. Contango / (Backwardation) graph is calculated by subtracting CO1 (Generic 1st 
‘CO’ Brent Future) from CO6 (Generic 6th ‘CO’ Brent Future) – Note: Underlying EBITDA is defined as operating profit or loss 
before depreciation and amortisation excluding share-based payments (non-cash) and exceptional and/or non-operational items.  As 
from 1 October 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16. The impact of IFRS 16 on underlying EBITDA for the financial years 2022, 
2021 and 2020 amounted to increases of USD 1,358 million, USD 1,270 million and USD 1,194 million, respectively. Prior year 
numbers have not been restated for IFRS 16. 
Metals and Minerals Market 
The metals industry is the processing, trade and transformation of a variety of unique and distinct products 
used in the global economy. Dynamics can vary widely from one metal to another, with each product being, 
in effect, their own sub-industry that can operate very differently. Metals are broadly categorised into two 
categories – ferrous and non-ferrous. The ferrous industry comprises the steel value chain including iron 
ore mining, crude steel making and steel product processing. By volume, the ferrous industry accounts for 
over 90 per cent. of the refined metal traded across the world. 
Non-ferrous metals, the second category, account for a wide range of products that have higher unit value 
but lower volumes traded than ferrous products. While there are dozens of different metal products under 
this category, the largest five are commonly called “LME metals”, named after the largest exchange that 
trades these products – the London Metal Exchange. These five metals are: aluminium, copper, zinc, lead 
and nickel.  
The metal supply chain starts with mining activities to create an ore. This mined ore then typically 
undergoes some initial processing at the mine site which increases the metal content of what has been mined, 
hence why this product is called a metal concentrate. Concentrates go through further processing that 
consists of one-to-two steps of processing (the number depends on the metal) at heavy industrial facilities 
called refineries or smelters (the name also varies from one metal to another). The output from this 
refining/smelting process is refined metal, which is (partially) analogous to pure metal. Refined products 
are traded on futures exchanges, such as the LME, and are the focal point of liquidity across the metals 
value chain.  
Fabricators are the primary consumers of refined metals, where they turn metal into a wide variety of 
products including rods, sheets, and frames. Even though refined metals are consumed at this point, it is 
not truly the end of the supply chain. The downstream industry refers to the compilation of manufacturing 
and processing required to turn metals and other materials into widely used final products including cars, 
buildings, soda cans, foil and electronics. The share of metal consumption used in each final product varies 
by region and metal.  
The variety of applications in which metals are used for is a constant theme, with no one end use sector 
dominating metals consumption. While aluminium is widely used in the transport sector (engines, wheels, 
car bodies, etc), copper use is lower – although the use of copper is expected to increase as electric vehicles 
become more prevalent. Meanwhile, both copper and aluminium are heavily used in the construction sector, 
although they are needed for different components in construction. Copper is used in the electrical

--- Page 169 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
infrastructure of buildings, while aluminium is primarily used as window frames. In the utilities sector, 
both copper and aluminium are used for their conductivity but are still used in different applications – 
aluminium for long distance cables and copper for shorter distance distribution. Aluminium is found in 
consumer products such as soda cans and household foil, while copper will be in every electronic good 
purchased in the world. 
To get metals from the ground to become a finished product is not a straightforward process, with products 
traded across the world many times along the way. Areas of the world that hold the largest reserves of metal 
ore in the ground are typically not the same places where it makes the most sense for metal to be processed. 
Similarly, metal is not always consumed where it is processed, hence a second round of trade flows is 
required. One example is in the aluminium industry: Guinea is the largest producer of bauxite (ore) but has 
no smelting (processing) capacity and minimal consumption in the country, while China is the largest 
consumer worldwide but produces less than 50 per cent. of the ore it eventually consumes. 
The energy transition 
The demand outlook for the metals industry is closely tied to the energy transition required to reduce carbon 
emissions and thereby lower the impact of climate change on the planet. The main challenge of undergoing 
this transition is finding ways to replace fossil fuels with other energy sources. Fossil fuels are direct sources 
of highly concentrated energy that can be flexibly deployed to provide the world with the energy it needs. 
Many of the proposed replacements involve harnessing energy from indirect sources, which is transformed 
into forms that are more useable to the world. An example of this is comparing solar energy to coal, which 
can be transported across the world via ocean freight from where it is mined to wherever there is an energy 
requirement. Solar energy does not have this luxury – the only place it can be used is wherever the sun 
happens to be shining at a particular time. The same is true of other energy transition solutions such as wind 
power and hydroelectricity. To tap into the energy potential that these sources offer, methods were 
developed to harness and transform this energy into more useable forms. Transformation into electricity is 
the prevalent method today, while transformation into hydrogen is a quickly developing technology. 
These transformation processes turn lower density and logistically challenging energy sources (wind, solar) 
into higher density and more flexible sources (electricity, hydrogen). These processes require specialised 
equipment that optimises the funnelling of difficult-to-capture energy sources – namely solar panels, wind 
turbines and hydroelectric dams. This equipment requires materials with specific technical characteristics, 
including metal products. A rule of thumb is the harder the energy is to capture and transform, the more 
materials and metals are needed in the electrical transformation capacity built. 
Reducing fossil fuel use in favour of new energy sources creates a metals demand multiplier effect. This 
energy requires more difficult transformation techniques and therefore more metal will be contained in the 
new infrastructure to be built. The switching from thermal to electrical energy is notably positive for copper 
demand, as it is the main material used worldwide as an electrical conductor. The more remote the energy 
source, the more copper needed to harness and carry the electricity to consumption locations. Other 
materials are also required, but will depend on the type of energy source used and how it is used. For 
example, solar energy needs large areas of land that have high structural integrity and conductivity. 
Aluminium is the metal that fits this profile best, meaning much higher consumption of the metal per unit 
of capacity installed.  
The other challenge of the energy transition is that the supply of new energy sources is more volatile than 
their fossil fuel counterparts. Oil rig production is determined by operators, while winds blow at their own 
discretion. On top of this, electricity cannot be stored as easily as conventional fuels. New energy sources 
increase supply disruption risk and highlight the increasing need to reliably store energy. The demand for 
metals used in batteries is therefore increasing, with growing attention paid to finding ways to source metals 
such as nickel, lithium and cobalt. In the case of many metals, the increasing prevalence of batteries will 
exponentially increase their demand. For example, annual nickel demand is less than 10 per cent. of the 50 
million tonnes needed to electrify every car in the world. 
The importance of metals in the global economy continues to increase, with new themes such as the energy 
transition complementing existing drivers of growth such as urbanisation and globalisation. Metal supply 
chains are becoming more complicated, and applications are becoming more varied. The need for in-depth 
knowledge of the range of metal markets is therefore increasing, as is the value that Trafigura brings to this 
industry.

--- Page 170 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
Competition 
The Group’s three main sources of competition are: 
• 
Producers or integrated companies such as the oil majors or integrated giants; 
• 
Global traders (the Group's peer group); and 
• 
Smaller independent traders that are focused on niche markets defined either geographically or by 
single commodities.  
The Group sees its two main competitors as Vitol Group of Companies and Glencore plc. Vitol is mainly 
focused on large and liquid oil markets, whereas the Group’s trading is more global and therefore its profit 
generation sources are more diversified. Glencore focuses primarily on metals, concentrates and energy. 
With the merger in 2012 between Glencore International and Xstrata plc, the commodities world has 
witnessed a major change in that Glencore is increasingly acting as a mining corporation, with the company 
marketing its own production. On the contrary, Trafigura’s assets are more downstream-focused and the 
Company only engages in highly synergistic investments that are complimentary to its core trading activity. 
Over the Group’s 29-year history, competition in the global commodities market has altered as a result of 
a number of structural changes in the industry. These changes have caused challenges, but have also created 
opportunities for trading companies large enough to take advantage of them. They have included: 
• 
The mergers of large integrated producers (e.g. Total, Exxon Mobil, ConocoPhillips), which has 
often resulted in reduced trading activity by the merged company, providing opportunities for 
commodities traders in balancing global demand and supply; 
• 
A move away from vertically integrated business models by some of the majors which resulted in 
the disposal of some infrastructure and logistical assets and enabled some commodity traders to 
build up scale in logistics; 
• 
Regulatory changes in the banking sector, which have led to more stringent restrictions enforced 
on the lending activities of banks. This has also increased the cost of lending and has reduced the 
liquidity available to some smaller competitors who, unlike the Group, might not have strong bank 
group support. This has led to the disappearance or contraction of mid-sized companies, creating 
opportunities for larger traders such as the Group; 
• 
Changes and developments in the geo-political environment, particularly in relation to sanctions 
regimes, have meant that incumbent market participants must be able to not only demonstrate their 
abidance to these rules, but also that they have strict controls in place to prevent any breaches from 
occurring to satisfy the requirements of banks and other stakeholders 
• 
Increased operating costs and the inability of smaller players to integrate the supply chain; and 
• 
The erosion of physical traders' superior price information, as a result of increased transparency in 
pricing and the sophistication of commodity producers in the commercialisation of their products. 
This has opened opportunities for traders such as the Group, which has been steadily growing its 
industrial fixed asset base and reducing its reliance on pure trading activities as well as offering 
integrated logistical services yielding higher margins. 
The Role of Commodity Traders in the Financial System 
Allegations have been made that global physical commodity trading companies should be considered as 
systemically important to the world economy, claiming that they could pose a threat to global financial 
stability similar to that created by the 'shadow' banking system during the global financial crisis of 2007-
2009. 
In 2013, a study was commissioned by the Global Financial Markets Association ("GFMA"), an 
organisation representing the interests of the world's leading financial institutions, to review the so-called 
'shadow' banking system and financial institutions considered as systemically important. This study found 
that although global commodity trading companies do indeed compete with certain banks active in the 
physical commodities trading space, they do not pose a systemic threat to the system as a whole.

--- Page 171 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
The report, which was never officially released, was aimed at the Financial Stability Board ("FSB"), a 
group of global regulators who had been discussing the imposition of stricter regulation and capital 
requirements on commodity trading companies. This could have been seen as a tactic by some banks active 
in the commodity trading space as a way of creating greater equality between market participants by seeking 
to usher in further restrictions on pure commodity trading companies. 
The main argument was, and continues to be, that commodity traders engage in shadow banking, stemming 
from the fact that commodity trading companies (i) extend credit and working capital to their customers, 
as well as (ii) use securitisation programmes.  
In response to the first point, trading firms do indeed provide funding to producers but this is in the form 
of prepayments and other similar arrangements. It is quite common that traders advance-fund volumes of 
commodities in exchange for receiving the agreed volumes when they are extracted. The commodities 
essentially form collateral for the advance-financing. The associated performance and credit risk of the 
producers are in most instances covered by insurance, limiting the exposure of the commodity firm 
extending the credit. Moreover, such financing typically relies on specialised commodity finance banks, 
which will carefully assess the terms of a prepayment transaction before putting their own capital at risk.  
In response to the second point, the securitisation structures used by physical commodity traders such as 
the Group are very different to the financial structures that were the root cause of the global financial crisis 
of 2008. To further elaborate on this, commodity traders' securitisation platforms do not involve the kind 
of maturity mismatch that was the flaw of arbitrage securitisation vehicles such as SIVs or CDOs. Indeed, 
to the extent there is maturity transformation involved in the commodity securitisation platforms, it is the 
opposite of the type that proved problematic during the financial crisis. The underlying assets are extremely 
short dated (such as trade receivables) and/or very liquid (such as inventories of base metals in LME 
warehouses). The assets typically have shorter maturities than the liabilities issued to fund them. Traditional 
SIVs had to rollover their liabilities, whereas commodity trade securitisation programmes must replenish 
their assets. The former is far more problematic than the latter because the run risk is far greater. 
Furthermore, default rates on securitised trade receivables are very low and in one respect, the development 
of securitisation programmes such as those operated by the Group, have helped free the capital demanded 
of commodity trade finance banks, since risk is transferred to the capital markets instead.  
Given that the main focus of commodity traders is not in providing financial intermediation, but rather in 
providing logistical services and because their assets could be quickly re-deployed if necessary, it is difficult 
to envisage how more stringent regulations and capital requirements would be of benefit to the wider 
financial system.  
Additionally, following developments in the banking market during 2014, which caused banks to reduce 
lending in the commodity trading sector, large commodity traders, which have been able to maintain sound 
access to the banking market by virtue of their size and sound risk management practice, are increasingly 
seeing their ability to extend prepayment financing options to smaller counterparties as a key differentiator 
and a way of developing their access to new markets and increased volumes. Bearing this factor in mind, 
more stringent regulation on commodity trading companies would likely have the knock-on effect of 
disrupting the global trade that commodity traders facilitate.  
In 2014, as a direct result of these debates, the Group took a pre-emptive decision to better inform all 
stakeholders about the business model, inherent risks and financing of the firms operating in the 
commodities trading industry. To do so, the Group commissioned two white papers including The 
Economics of Commodity Trading Firms and Foundations for Growth – Infrastructure Investment in 
Emerging Markets. The papers were independently written by Craig Pirrong, Professor of Finance at the 
Bauer College of Business at the University of Houston and by Russell Jones and Camille Viros at 
Llewellyn Consulting to shed light on the differences between commodity trading firms and financial 
institutions. They have been presented to and referenced by regulators, politicians, and competitors alike; 
and in early 2015, the Group published an additional white paper published by Professor Pirrong, Not Too 
Big to Fail – Systemic Risk, Regulation and the Economics of Commodity Trading Firms, which further 
explored the difference between physical commodity trading firms and financial institutions. This was 
discussed with senior European and North American regulators during that year.  
In 2016, the Group also published and distributed to a wide public audience an educational guide to the 
purpose and practices of physical commodity trading firms entitled Commodities Demystified: A Guide to

--- Page 172 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
Trading and the Global Supply Chain. The second edition was published in 2018 and was supplemented in 
January 2020 with a dedicated section on prepayments. 
The Importance of Functioning Derivative Markets 
Trafigura systematically hedges index price exposure related to its physical transactions and no outright 
price risk, resulting from exposure to movements in spot prices or forward prices, is taken by the Company. 
Trafigura uses derivative markets to manage this price risk and lock in profit margins from physically 
moving commodities from where they are produced to where they are consumed. 
In the exceptionally volatile market conditions of February, March and April 2022, access to these 
derivative markets became more difficult and expensive. This was because exchanges and clearing brokers 
significantly increased margins – or cash deposits – required for each transaction. This sometimes happened 
at very short notice. As a result of these margin calls and fearful of a cash drain, some users backed away 
from the market and liquidity dried up. While larger, well-funded companies such as Trafigura are able to 
withstand these pressures, it is vital that measures are in place to ensure an orderly market even at times of 
high volatility, so that the real-world movement of goods is not impacted. For some smaller market 
participants, the decision to hedge, or keep some hedging positions, might have effectively resulted in 
insolvency, even if related physical transactions were profitable. This significantly reduced the open interest 
– the total number of futures contracts held by market participants – and effectively contributed to a 
breakdown in the proper functioning of some commodity markets like natural gas and nickel. 
In order to manage those additional liquidity requirements, Trafigura moved quickly to secure USD 2.3 
billion of additional liquidity in March 2022, from a number of relationship banks, to provide an additional 
cash buffer. Moreover, the Company reduced its trading volumes, focusing on higher margin business. 
Although liquidity on exchanges has improved over recent months, it has not returned to its pre-pandemic 
levels yet. Some markets are still particularly hard to access and this results in challenges to fully offset the 
index price risk associated with underlying physical transactions. This can sometimes result into such 
physical transactions not taking place altogether, which in turn increases the likelihood of market 
disruptions and shortages of certain products in certain regions.   
Operational Organisation and Procedure 
The main commercial and operational responsibilities of the Group are split geographically between Athens, 
Calgary, Geneva, Houston, Johannesburg, Lima, Montevideo, Singapore, and Shanghai. Those offices have 
trading and operations departments and most have a finance function to support local trading activities. 
Trafigura Global Services Private Limited ("TGS") handles most middle office and back office functions, 
and is located in Montevideo and Mumbai. The Shanghai office manages all China related activities. 
Similar to financial services company, all of the Group’s operational responsibilities are subdivided into 
three main categories: the front, middle and back office. The front office consists of traders on the different 
trading desks. The middle office provides a broad range of necessary support functions to the front office 
(Deals desk, Chartering, Contracts administration, Traffic operations and Finance). The back office 
provides diversified services to the Group's operations as well as to the Group (Accounting, Compliance, 
Tax, Corporate Affairs, IT, Legal and HR). 
The segregation of duties found between the front, middle and back offices, and in between the departments, 
is key to the effective management of data collection and accuracy and therefore key to manage operational 
risk. Each department has its own clearly defined set of responsibilities and accountabilities. 
Business Transformation Team  
As the Group's commercial footprint continues to grow in scale and scope, there is an increasing need to 
optimise the efficiency of business processes, the capabilities of its employees and capacity to leverage 
technology. Consequently, the Business Transformation team was formed in 2017 to review all aspects of 
the Group's operations, covering the front, middle and back office. Its objective is to re-engineer internal 
processes to support the Group's next five years of growth in three broad aspects:

--- Page 173 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
• 
Streamlining and standardising business processes to optimise efficiency and scalability, while 
retaining the flexibility to deal with a rapidly changing industry environment and with widely 
varying trade life cycles;   
• 
Optimising technology and IT infrastructure as a competitive tool to secure maximum commercial 
benefits; and  
• 
Enhancing human capital via bespoke talent development programmes to support the new business 
processes and IT improvements.  
The Business Transformation team is also responsible for all elements of the on-boarding process covering 
new business structures, as part of the ongoing business development strategy of the Group. Those 
responsibilities cover: 
• 
Monitoring of projects that introduce new business to the Group; 
• 
Coordination with heads of departments to develop the staff support structures required to transition 
business opportunities from a project to the ‘business as usual’ state; 
• 
Coordination of technology and business support department to ensure the alignment of ‘people, 
process and systems’; and 
• 
Manage the resourcing and budget for each project and maintain transparent reporting on these 
throughout the delivery process. 
 
The Business Transformation team reports directly to the Chief Operating Officer (the "COO") and is 
supported by a senior team drawn from across the Group. 
Operational Departments 
Front Office 
Traders 
Traders initiate any sale or purchase transaction, either directly with a customer or through a commodity 
broker. In both cases, the contracts are negotiated directly with the contracting party. The Group’s trading 
operations are organised by product desk. The main desks are: 
• 
Crude oil, fuel oil, biodiesel, middle distillates, gasoline, naphtha, condensates for the oil trading 
business; 
• 
Copper (refined metal and concentrates), lead and zinc (refined metal and concentrates), alumina 
and aluminium and nickel and cobalt, with silver and gold as by-products of refined metals, for the 
metals division; and the iron-ore and coal desks on the minerals trading side; and 
• 
LPG, LNG, natural gas, power and carbon trading for the gas and power division. 
Trading positions are not established individually by each trader but managed on a book basis. Each book 
generates its profitability by exploiting natural/physical arbitrages in the market place. 
For all trades (whether sales or purchases), the trader must verify the financial conditions, check the credit 
authorisations and request risk cover if needed. In the case of an existing customer, risk limits and 
acceptable credit terms are available on the Group's IT systems. Any transaction involving a new customer 
will trigger the Group's KYC procedure. Noting that the finance department has a final veto on any 
transaction. 
There are established risk control procedures in place for the Group’s traders. For example, once a trader 
has entered into a transaction, he/she is required to enter a deal ticket into the system within 24 hours. 
Failure to do so will be discovered through: 
• 
Receipt of supply contract with no corresponding deal ticket in the case of a physical purchase; 
• 
Protest from the contractual counterparty for non-receipt of a contract for physical sale; 
• 
Failure to issue a letter of credit on time; and

--- Page 174 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
• 
Failure to nominate a vessel on time for the contracted cargo. 
Middle Office 
Deals Desks 
The Group's deals desks (the "Deals Desks") ensure that trading profits and exposure are correctly reported. 
Deals Desks professionals verify that the results are accurate and reflect the true profit and loss of the 
trading activities. This data is also used to compile the Group's statutory accounts. The Deals Desk's 
organisational structure mirrors that of the trading book structure, with the Deals Desk staff physically 
sitting on each trading desk and assigned to specific product books. It is important to underline that the 
Deals Desk individuals are independent from the trading departments and that they report directly to the 
head of department who in turn reports to the Group's Chief Operating Officer.  
The Deals Desk is responsible for the following main areas: 
• 
Preparation of provisional profit and loss ("P&L") statements, monitoring daily variance in trading 
P&L, volumetric as well as economic exposure to price quotes and production of a written 
commentary on variances; 
• 
Ensure that all market price risks are captured and hedge actions are executed as well as the timely 
allocation of physical, swap and futures trades; 
• 
Daily mark-to-market of P&L, initially based on cost estimates, and later adjusted for actual costs 
as they become available; and 
• 
Monitoring of derivatives trading. 
For all open positions, the Group has a very strict, two-pronged risk policy that sets both a stop loss position 
and VaR limits. Furthermore, the Group has a Chief Risk Officer ("CRO") who further enhances the 
Group’s market risk management on a Group-wide basis. The Group’s CRO is responsible for ensuring a 
full and accurate awareness of risk throughout the Group and that these risks are professionally reported, 
analysed and managed. The CRO reports to the Group's COO and works closely with Deals Desk staff. 
Traffic/Operations Department 
The traffic/operations department role is to accurately follow each given transaction from inception to 
completion by focusing on the overall shipment procedure and the related upstream and downstream sub 
processes. Its organisational structure mirrors that of the book structure. This means that individuals from 
the traffic/operations department are located on each trading desk and have a portfolio of transactions within 
a specific product book. The traffic/operations department is also responsible for the safety of the 
operational transactions and the compliance with relevant regulations. Each representative is responsible 
for following a given set of transactions, from inception to completion, including involvement and co-
operation with the related departments for the following aspects of a trade: 
• 
Invoicing; 
• 
Reviewing the purchase/sale contract; 
• 
Vessel vetting; 
• 
Instructing the ship's Master; 
• 
Lay time calculations; 
• 
Appointment of inspection companies; 
• 
Insurance declarations; 
• 
Ensuring load, voyage and discharge occurs safely in line with relevant regulations; 
• 
External liaison; and 
• 
Timely IT system data entries and updates.

--- Page 175 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
Chartering Department 
Physical trading of commodities involves the port-to-port shipment of cargoes under charter parties. The 
Chartering Department provides shipping and freight services to the Group’s various trading teams and to 
third-party clients. It operates as a service provider securing competitive and reliable freight for the Group’s 
in-house oil, metals and minerals traders; noting that wet and dry freight desks also operate respectively as 
profit centres in their own right. 
The Chartering Department consists of specialised professionals based in the Group’s main trading offices. 
All post-fixture operations, which include issuing voyage orders, completing stowage plans, negotiating 
with port agents and handling demurrage claims are managed centrally from the Group’s Athens office. 
Chartering staff maintain a close liaison and good relations with traders, the traffic/operations department 
and tanker brokers, as well as with ship owners. 
Contracts Administration 
The contracts administration department's main function is to draft all physical sales agreements and to 
review all physical purchase agreements to ensure that the Group is fully and legally protected. The 
contracts administration department works closely with the traffic and operations staff. Furthermore, they 
advise traders and other staff in the middle office about potential problems that may arise as a result of any 
potential non-standard contractual terms.  
The contracts administration staff seek authorisation from the traffic/operations department and the 
insurance and trade finance teams in the finance department on each trade prior to completing the 
documentation. The Group ensures that the contracts for each trade are either sent or received (depending 
on whether the Group is acting as the buyer or the seller) within 48 hours after a deal ticket is entered into 
the Group’s system. Each standard template is adapted to reflect the terms of the individual trade. 
Finance Department 
The finance department supports the activities of the whole Group and is involved at the earliest stage of 
transactions and projects. Beyond sourcing and structuring funding lines, the Finance Department is 
responsible for the financial risk assessment and has the capacity to veto any transaction. Its main functions 
are broken down into the following subdivisions: 
• 
Corporate Finance; 
• 
Structured Finance; 
• 
Trade Finance; 
• 
Credit; 
• 
Insurance; 
• 
Corporate Funding, and 
• 
Treasury 
Corporate Finance Department 
The corporate finance team is located in Geneva and acts as the Group's internal investment bank, focusing 
on medium- and long-term financing for the Group. The corporate finance team is mainly responsible for 
the origination and execution of corporate facilities (including Revolving Credit Facilities ("RCFs"), 
capital markets transactions and general corporate purpose facilities, securitisation, etc.), the financing of 
the Group's fixed assets as well as coordination of overall bank and investor relationships.  
The team is in charge of providing advice on balance sheet management and financial forecasting to the 
Management Committee. The team works closely with other teams in the finance department, including 
the structured finance and trade finance departments as well as the Investments/M&A team, and the 
dedicated finance teams for the Group’s main industrial assets.

--- Page 176 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
Structured Finance Department 
The Structured Finance Department is centralised in Geneva with representatives in Johannesburg, Mumbai, 
Singapore, Shanghai, Montevideo and Houston. The team is responsible for structuring complex trade 
finance transactions supporting commercial operations. The Structured Finance professionals are regionally 
specialised and deal with a diverse range of commodities and funding requirements. The team has a varied 
role and plays a significant part in the transactions, working with traders from inception to conclusion, 
adding value to the commercial proposal. They have regular meetings with the Trade Finance and Credit 
Departments in which they review all trading activities and key exposures. The Structured Finance 
Department is also involved in the KYC procedure. 
Trade Finance Department 
The trade finance department is primarily based in Geneva, with representatives in Houston, Singapore, 
Montevideo and Shanghai, providing a wide range of trade finance services. The trade finance department 
is responsible for arranging all necessary financing for the Group's trading operations, as well as ensuring 
that credit decisions are properly implemented. The Group's trading transactions, sales and purchases, can 
be financed by various instruments such as open accounts, documentary collections, Letters of Credit 
(“L/C”), guarantees, letters of indemnity or advance payments.  
Trade finance staff ensure that all contracts are consistent with the recorded system entries to prevent P&L 
losses and to ensure that all documentary and financial instruments are issued correctly. The trade finance 
department works closely with different operational departments at an early stage in all transactions to 
identify and avoid any possible financing problems. Crucially, a vessel can only be instructed to load or 
discharge once approval from trade finance has been obtained.  
Credit Risk Department 
The Group's Credit Risk department performs fundamental credit analysis, with a team primarily based in 
Geneva, with representation in eight other offices worldwide. The Credit Risk department’s key role is to 
safeguard the receivables assets on the Group’s balance sheet. It assesses the credit risk associated with the 
Group’s counterparts, sets appropriate internal limits, monitors exposures and ensures that relevant related 
documentation is completed and maintained.  
The Credit department establishes credit limits for all counterparties and reviews them at least once a year, 
or when a credit risk trigger is hit. Any exposure above the credit limits is covered on the insurance or 
financial markets. The Credit Risk department has the role of final approval as to whether an unsecured 
transaction can be entered into. The Credit department is also involved with setting credit limits for new 
trading counterparties, working closely with the trading team. 
Insurance Department 
The insurance department is responsible for arranging adequate cover for all types of operational risks and 
liabilities of the Group. The insurance department sets up and monitors various global insurance policies to 
provide coverage for a broad range of risks and liabilities, including but not limited to: 
• 
Marine cargo in respect of the Group's physical cargo/stock cover for various risks, including, but 
not limited to: fire, contamination, loss, environmental damage, leakage, etc.; 
• 
Third party insurance cover for liabilities associated with stocks, industrial assets, employees and 
pollution; 
• 
Property insurance and directors and officers liability insurance; and 
• 
Political and credit risks insurance cover, depending on specific characteristics of a single 
transaction in collaboration with the Credit, Structured Finance and/or the Trade Finance 
Department. 
Aside from arranging insurance cover, the insurance department is also responsible, in the event that an 
insured risk occurs, for handling the resulting claim. When a cargo accident occurs (e.g. contamination, 
damaged cargo, shortage etc.) or a legal claim is made against a Group company, the insurance department

--- Page 177 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
will handle the claim from the outset and will manage the recovery of proceeds under the appropriate 
insurance policy. 
Treasury Department 
The Treasury department is split up across Geneva, Shanghai, Montevideo and Mumbai. The principal 
objective of the Treasury department is to handle all cash management activities for the trading business 
and monitor its cash flows, in particular to report the cash flows and forecasts to the Corporate Funding 
team who consolidates the information on a Group basis. The Treasury department also has the 
responsibility to maintain the integrity of payments. The team monitors, on a daily basis, the use of the 
trading cash including the management of margin calls in relation to the Group’s hedging requirements. It 
is also responsible for reconciling the cash flows to the P&L statements produced by the relevant Deals 
Desk staff and centralising the Deals Desk reports so that all cash is realised on each deal, as soon as 
possible. 
Corporate Funding Department 
The Corporate Funding department is located in Geneva and Mumbai and actively ensures that the Group 
has access to maximum liquidity. Key activities of the department include: 
• 
The monitoring of available cash balances in AAA rated money market funds and main trading 
accounts; 
• 
Corporate facility utilisation (including, but not limited to, the Group’s revolving credit facilities 
and securitisation programmes);  
• 
Group liquidity forecast reporting and various inter-group loans relating to both trading and asset 
divisions, to ensure cash consumption is kept to a minimum, yet allowing each business to trade in 
an effective manner and anticipating the future liquidity requirements of the various business units 
on a global basis;  
• 
The production of a monthly Group Capex forecast based on information collected from respective 
business divisions; and 
• 
Operating and monitoring the securitisation programmes’ platforms on a day-to-day basis. 
 
Back Office 
Trafigura Global Services 
Trafigura Global Services Private Limited (TGS) is the Group's fully owned shared service centre, 
established in July 2011 with the mandate of centralising the Group’s operations, yielding efficiency gains, 
driving process consistencies and providing support to front offices roles. TGS houses an array of teams 
carrying out middle and back office functions, including Accounting Operations, Deals Desk, Treasury, 
Trade Finance, Compliance, Insurance and Operations Settlement – providing critical support to other 
teams located in offices around the world. Furthermore, TGS supports Group functions such as IT (on 
application, infrastructure support, etc.) and HR. 
TGS has offices in Mumbai and Montevideo to take advantage of time zones, to enable a ‘follow-the-sun’ 
approach to business operations, supporting main offices in Singapore, Geneva, Houston and Montevideo. 
TGS teams communicate with banks, brokers, vendors, counterparties, inspection companies, etc. In 
addition, TGS maintains a culture and work environment that is on par with the other commercial functions 
of the Group. This helps facilitate a culture of innovation, growth and ownership in the business. 
Accounting Department  
The accounting department is present in a number of offices, but mainly based in Geneva, Amsterdam, 
Montevideo and Mumbai. The department's main objectives are the maintenance of accounting ledgers, 
balance sheet management, legal entity management overhead reporting and the production of the resulting 
reports. Its responsibilities include producing annual statutory accounts, debtors, creditors and 
intercompany accounts as well as completing the normal day to day accounting tasks. In addition to these

--- Page 178 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
regular accounting functions, the department acts as an important second entity of control, after the middle 
office, mitigating the risk of inaccurate and incomplete deal capture.  
The accounting department is subdivided into three areas of responsibilities: Group accounting, oil and 
energy accounting as well as metals and minerals accounting. Within the accounting department there is 
also a Group cost management ("GCM") team which is based in Mumbai and deals with central overheads 
such as office costs and expense claims. 
Legal Department 
The legal department has lawyers based in Geneva, Singapore, Shanghai, Johannesburg, Montevideo and 
Houston. It is staffed by experienced lawyers who are primarily lateral hires from law firms, investment 
banks and industry and secondees. The department relies on a limited number of leading law firms to 
provide additional resources and expertise. The department provides and manages legal support across all 
of the Group's businesses and activities. It manages all contentious matters, any investigations or inquiries 
as well as the Group's commercial transactions – for instance, M&A, joint ventures, significant transactions, 
financings, competition and regulatory matters. 
Compliance Department 
The Compliance department is staffed by a number of experienced compliance managers who are supported 
by a team of compliance advisors and KYC administrators. The Compliance department is also assisted by 
a global network of compliance representatives, embedded in business functions in local offices, who are 
senior members of such offices and non-front office staff, whose role is to provide a focal point for the 
escalation of local compliance issues. 
Compliance officers act as advisors to employees on any compliance-related matters including: 
• 
The application of, or compliance with, the Group’s code of business conduct (the “Code of 
Business Conduct”) in specific circumstances;  
• 
Establishing proportionate procedures and controls in order to manage the risk to the business of 
potential failure to apply the appropriate standards of behaviour; and  
• 
Escalating issues, risks and breaches to senior management and the compliance committee. 
The compliance representatives act as a local, initial point of contact for any employee to raise any 
compliance-related issues. The compliance representatives may then escalate the issue and assist with 
implementing any necessary resolution action. 
The Compliance department is at the forefront of implementing key compliance polices designed to keep 
the Group in line with all applicable laws and regulations by ensuring that: 
• 
The Code of Business Conduct is signed by all members of staff. All staff receive mandatory 
training to ensure they understand its implications; 
• 
The Trading Policy is signed by all front office staff and face-to-face training is provided by 
compliance to those employees; 
• 
Online mandatory training is completed periodically by all staff, not only on the Code of Business 
Conduct but also on key compliance areas, such as AML and Competition law; 
• 
Guidance sent out regularly to the business as new laws and regulations are implemented and 
policies and procedures amended; and 
• 
Compliance works together with the business and looks to foster relationships that lead to open and 
honest communication. 
The Compliance department is also involved in the Group’s KYC procedure and works closely with traders 
and the Credit department on those matters. 
Internal Control Department 
The internal control process to create and maintain a framework involves phases of:

--- Page 179 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
• 
Understanding a process and its objectives; 
• 
Identification and assessment of risks; 
• 
Defining mitigating controls; 
• 
Test of key controls; and 
• 
Remediate test failures. 
Periodic measurement and reporting of the Group’s control framework is based on the following key phases: 
• 
Management identifies and measures the inherent business risks on an annual basis (financial 
reporting, operational, and compliance risks); 
• 
Annually, management identifies and adapts the necessary controls and risks considering business 
changes; 
• 
Quarterly, the key controls are tested to ensure operational effectiveness; 
• 
At the end of the year, residual risk is assessed considering the results of the control tests and 
reported to management;  
• 
Continuously, possible opportunities for improvement identified during the previous steps and 
review visits are followed up to monitor progress. 
The work developed in these phases is managed using the Group’s Governance, Risk and Compliance tool 
called BWise. This tool is not only a repository of the risks and controls but also serves as a means to 
schedule and review risk assessments and control assessments involving the whole organisation in the 
internal control framework. External auditors can make use of the framework to gain an understanding of 
the business processes they are evaluating, and make use of the internal control test results during interim 
visits to aid their work. 
The Internal Controls department plays a crucial role in assisting management and maintaining an effective 
control environment whenever a process undergoes a major change such as a new system implementation. 
The team also assists local management in improving controls related to specific locally identified risks, 
and to promote increased standardisation of procedures across the Group by performing targeted and 
focussed review of processes and/or locations. 
Corporate Affairs Department 
The Corporate Affairs department has representatives in Geneva, Montevideo and Houston. The 
responsibility of the team is twofold: to create and sustain frameworks for an increasingly responsible and 
effective company, and to protect and promote the business interests and reputation of the Group and its 
subsidiaries globally. In addition, the Group is instrumental in continuing to improve and implement the 
Group's HSEC business principles. 
IT Department 
The IT department is distributed across the Group’s main offices around the world with Geneva being the 
main office. The department’s over-arching responsibility centres on the development, support and 
maintenance of business supporting applications, and underpinning the IT infrastructure. The Group’s core 
IT functions globally comprises trading IT, Security and Infrastructure. Together, these functions provide 
a cohesive and well-integrated organisation that supports the Group’s businesses. The trading IT function 
is largely outsourced, with the majority of the technology and support function based in India.  
In order to support the growing business, the Group continues to enhance its enterprise systems adding new 
modules and SaaS (cloud) based solutions and enhancing the existing functionality. Significant investment 
is also underway to upgrade the technical architecture and enable faster integration of future IT systems. 
Annually, the Group spends approximately USD 200 million per year on information technology across a 
number of platforms including Titan, which shows the importance of technology to the Group and the 
value/benefit derived from it. 
The core business is captured and managed by the Group’s two key bespoke information systems: “Pluto” 
(which will ultimately be replaced by the new CTRM/ETRM offering for Energy in Titan) for the oil 
business and “Titan” for the bulk, concentrates and refined metals business. Each of these systems offers

--- Page 180 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
a fully integrated approach to the Group’s needs. As such, every step in the lifecycle of each transaction is 
generated, executed, monitored and controlled through the related information system, from the moment 
the trader enters the details of the trade, to the allocation of funds received from the customer. 
Risk Management 
Risk Management and Corporate Responsibility 
Prudent risk management is an integral element of the Group’s business and has been institutionalised since 
the Group’s foundation. Guidelines are established at senior management level and the credit and finance 
teams retain an absolute veto right on any transaction. 
As a rule, the Group actively manages and lays off wherever possible a large majority of all risks inherent 
to its activity. These various risks are managed through a combination of internal procedures, such as strict 
control mechanisms and policies, as well as external third parties such as the derivative, insurance and bank 
markets. 
Price Risk and Basis Risk 
Fundamental principles 
The Group’s policy is to hedge all index price exposure related to physical transactions. The purpose of the 
Group’s physical hedging activities is to protect the Group against the risk of physical transactions being 
adversely affected by changes in commodity prices. The Group systematically enters into hedging contracts 
to cover index price exposures in its physical trading activities. In particular, 100 per cent. of stock is at all 
times either pre-sold or the commodity index price risk is hedged. Hedges are performed through either 
futures markets and/or a variety of traded derivatives instruments (e.g. swaps, options). The hedging process 
is centralised with the Deals Desk team ensuring that all market price risks are captured and hedge actions 
are executed, as well as the timely allocation of physical, swap and futures trades. 
Beyond that, basis risk cannot be mitigated perfectly. Basis risk meaning, in this context, the risk that 
offsetting investments in a hedging strategy will not experience price changes in entirely opposite directions 
from each other. This imperfect correlation between the two investments creates the potential for excess 
gains or losses in a hedging strategy, thus adding risk to the position. The Group, therefore, carefully 
monitors all its hedging positions on a daily basis, thus avoiding excessive basis risk. 
Concurrently, to the extent that basis movement cannot be eliminated completely, basis risk can be reduced 
through diversification. In particular, given that basis movements in different commodities are driven by 
different fundamentals, they are likely to exhibit little correlation. Hence, this provides a natural advantage 
to a large firm like the Group, which trades a diversified portfolio of commodities globally. 
Price Risk Management 
The three main reinforcing components of the Group's risk management process are the Chief Risk Officer 
(“CRO”), the Market Risk Management Committee and the trading teams. The Market Risk Management 
Committee, which comprises members of the Management Committee and the CRO, is responsible for 
applying the Group's risk management capabilities to improving the overall performance of the Group. The 
committee meets at least weekly to discuss and set risk and concentration limits, review changing market 
conditions and analyse new market risks and opportunities. 
The CRO is independent of the revenue-producing units and reports to the Chief Operating Officer and the 
Management Committee. The CRO has primary responsibility for assessing and monitoring the Group's 
market risks. The CRO’s team liaises directly with the trading teams to analyse new opportunities and 
ensure that risk assessments adapt to changing market conditions. The team develops computationally 
intensive non-linear risk simulations and advanced statistical models that incorporate non-normal market 
price dynamics that are an important feature of commodity markets. The advanced statistical models 
developed by the risk team are continuously and automatically calibrated and back-tested to ensure that 
their out-of-sample performance adheres to well defined targets. In addition, these models are regularly 
updated to ensure they reflect the current observed dynamics of the markets where the Group is active.  
The risk team’s models drive the Group’s risk reporting system, which automatically distributes customised 
risk reports throughout the Group on a daily basis. These reports provide up-to-date information on each

--- Page 181 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
team’s risk using industry standard measures such as 95 per cent. and 99 per cent. Value at Risk and 
performance indicators such as “Sharpe Ratios”. VaR is a statistical estimate of the potential loss in value 
of the Group's positions and unsold in-transit material due to adverse market movements.  In line with 
industry’s best practice approach, Trafigura uses an integrated VaR model based on Monte Carlo simulation 
method. The model captures risks including, inter alia, commodity prices, interest rates, equity prices, 
currency rates. Through many random draws the model simulates price movements and resulting profit or 
loss. As a result, one can analyse and estimate VaR across portfolios comprised of a range of different risk 
exposures. In addition to standard VaR approach, Trafigura also fits simulated profit and loss outcomes to 
non-normal or ‘heavy-tailed’ probability distributions. This allows to account for unlikely outcomes, which 
might lack historical precedents. The Company regularly back-tests its VaR model and, if needed, makes 
necessary adjustments to re-calibrate it. 
Energy 
All futures markets are cash markets meaning that price differences are settled in cash on a daily basis 
("margin calls") after the payment of an initial margin the day of the trade. Swaps or options are usually 
traded OTC. 
Hedges are executed through a number of brokers. The Group works with ten main clearing brokers. The 
staff involved perform the equivalent functions as the operations department on the physical side: they 
receive or issue contracts, receive or issue invoices, control and order payment as well as following receipt 
of proceeds. The accounts department is also involved in swap administration as the department is 
responsible for the reconciliation of positions on a daily basis. 
Hedges are performed through a Central Execution Desk by TPTE. Each hedge is individually monitored 
by the Deals Desk. Most oil contracts become fixed price around the shipment's loading date. Typically, 
one or two days before such date, the Deals Desk liaises with the operations representative in charge in 
order to estimate the loading (i.e. price fixing) date and start hedging on time. The same applies for other 
instruments including as swaps and geographical spreads (for example Brent versus WTI). 
As soon as a hedge has been put in place, a deal ticket is created and input into the system. The ticket is 
either attached to an existing physical deal or a new deal will be created if no such physical deal exists 
already. All positions are reconciled daily with the brokers' positions by the accounts department. Cash is 
settled daily by the Treasury Department. 
The Collateral Management team is responsible for monitoring counterparty exposures across the OTC 
swaps and options portfolios. On a daily basis, the mark-to-market positions are cross referenced against 
pre-agreed credit thresholds set by the Geneva credit team at a counterparty level. Potential excesses are 
covered by collateral called in the form of cash or standby letters of credit. The Collateral Management 
team handles all margin calls issued and received. 
The Credit team is also involved in the negotiation of various standard Master agreements, such as ISDAs 
and master netting agreements. These documents provide a trading framework for the execution of OTC 
transactions and are negotiated bilaterally with each counterparty, with the assistance of the Legal 
department. Each ISDA includes a margin threshold within the Credit Support Annex. These are 
conservatively set on a case-by-case basis by Trafigura’s Credit department and regularly reviewed. Recent 
regulatory changes have resulted in reduced OTC trading across the market as positions are increasingly 
cleared on recognised exchanges. 
Metals 
In Europe, the main futures market for metals, the London Metals Exchange, is not a cash market. The 
consequence is that brokers negotiate credit limits with their customers to cover initial and variation 
margins above which cash is required. In the same manner, customers run a credit exposure on their broker 
when positions are generating a positive balance. 
Hedges are executed by the Metals desk in Geneva at the request of the operations staff when transactions 
are priced. Hedges are also followed on a transaction by transaction basis in the system. However, because 
pricing periods in metals are typically longer than in oil (one month), the quantity per contract to be hedged 
on a daily basis is small. This means that the derivative team hedges as a pool on the market, the system 
splitting such hedges back to each contract. Positions are reconciled by the Group Metals Derivatives desks

--- Page 182 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
with brokers on a daily basis. This reconciliation shows daily credit exposures the Group has on its brokers 
as a result of its margin position. Contracts can be moved from one broker to another, if necessary, to reduce 
such risks. 
Metal contracts often contain pricing options which allow the trader to decide on which month pricing will 
happen (i.e. when the “quotation period” is defined). Such options are sold by the physical department to 
TPTE at market price in order to provide more transparency in the management and results of such options. 
Credit Risk 
To manage its credit exposure, the Group uses internal credit limits set up by the Credit department. Credit 
limits reflect the Group’s own appetite for risk and are based on a credit analysis of the client as well as the 
respective size of the transaction when compared to the Group’s balance sheet. Exposures in excess of a 
credit limit are covered through the insurance or bank markets. Typically, these cover are arranged by the 
Trade Finance/Structured Trade Finance teams. 
The Credit department consists of staff based in Geneva, Mumbai, Singapore, Shanghai, Houston, Buenos 
Aires and Montevideo, who work in complete independence from the trading business. Credit reviews 
follow a formal process as described in the Group’s credit policy document. As part of the annual credit 
review process, the Credit department uses the S&P Capital IQ rating model to set internal credit ratings 
for all credit exposures to counterparties and banks. This model relies on fundamental credit analysis to 
determine credit ratings, which are expressed using a 26-point letter scale of AAA, AA+, AA, AA- and so 
forth. The proposed rating forms part of the approval of the credit review and must be supported or modified, 
with supporting justification, by the credit analyst. 
Credit review is undertaken at least annually in local offices with smaller credit limits (up to a specified 
maximum) also being set locally. Larger credit limits are generally approved in Geneva, ultimately by 
Credit Committee if required – the committee meets on an ad-hoc basis and consists of a minimum of three 
senior finance managers, including the Group’s Head of Credit and the CFO. An automated process is 
instituted where interim reviews of counterparties are conducted when risk triggers are breached, such as 
ratings agency downgrades, share price declines, adverse publicity, etc. Credit limits are set and monitored 
on an aggregate basis of the Group’s worldwide exposure. 
Performance and Country Risk 
Performance risks are evaluated on a counterparty and country basis. As such, deals are considered on a 
case by case basis, and performance risks where the exposure is above the Group’s appetite will be laid off 
to the bank and insurance markets. Typically, the Group will run an internal analysis to assess the country 
and political risk, and CEND (Confiscation, Expropriation, Nationalisation and Deprivation) insurance 
coverage will be contracted for assets that are deemed exposed to country risk above the limit. The 
Counterparty limit is set to reflect the rating of the counterparty, the extent risk to which mitigation 
insurance is contracted on the financial and insurance markets and/or collateral obtained to cover excess 
exposure. 
Freight Risk 
The hedging of freight costs is managed systematically by the chartering department. In a time charter 
scenario, the Group hedges its price risk using a combination of Forward Freight Agreements ("FFAs") and 
bunker swaps. When the chartering department chooses the vessel, the Group looks to sell FFAs and buy 
bunker swaps. This way, if spot charter rates for the vessels fall, the Group is covered as such a fluctuation 
in price is offset by the difference on the FFAs. Furthermore, the chartering department enters bunkers on 
the spot market. This is done with a view to safeguard the Group's price exposure under the following 
scenarios: spot charter rates remain at the same level, or they go up, but banker fuel prices rise 
simultaneously, hence leaving the Group's price assumptions uncertain, unless adequately hedged through 
bunker swaps. 
The procedure between the oil and metals and minerals handling of vessel chartering and the respective 
risk management strategies are very similar. A combination of FFAs is used to hedge forward freight 
commitments. Bunker swaps cover forward freight commitments in addition to locking prices for bunkering 
levels which are required on re-delivery of the vessel at the end of the charter. When a vessel is fixed on

--- Page 183 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
the spot market with cargoes, the chartering department unwinds both legs of the hedge for the period that 
the boat is going to be occupied. 
Operational Risk 
The Operations department has representatives in key locations around the world and is responsible for 
each physical transaction, from inception to completion, including booking of vessels and ensuring that 
industry, environmental, safety and internal policies and procedures are complied with at all times. Detailed 
procedure manuals are implemented throughout the Group and all operators receive regular training on 
operational matters and additional training covering subjects such as contracts, charter parties and clauses, 
environmental policies and legislation, insurance declarations, reviewing due diligence reports, dealing 
with claims, and demurrage handling. This ensures that operators are kept up to date with procedural, legal, 
regulatory and industry changes. 
The Group continues to move towards using a younger fleet of vessels, both in terms of time charters and 
voyage charters, and as such applies a strict vessel vetting procedure which complements insurers’ 
requirements and focuses on the vessel age, classification, Protection and Indemnity club and pollution 
insurance cover. A similar procedure has also been introduced for both railcar and truck movements. The 
Group also has a storage procedure which involves full due diligence being undertaken of every proposed 
storage location including a site visit to the storage location, the tanks or warehouse and its financial 
position and management. Regular stock analysis is undertaken to avoid losses such as theft and 
contamination, and each approved location is checked annually to evaluate the on-going situation. 
Third Party Asset and Liability and Charterers Liability Risk 
The Group maintains a level of inventories for supply efficiency purposes, and to benefit from cash and 
carry opportunities. The Group’s total storage position was USD 22.6 billion as at 30 September 2022 (2021: 
USD 29.7 billion), although it can vary substantially over time due to seasonal trading plays in energy as 
well as forward price structure (contango, backwardation and overall price levels) in both energy and metals 
business. Inventories reported in the Group’s financials (i.e. from an accounting perspective) include 
storage inventories as well as cargoes in transit, for which title transfers at the discharge port. With regard 
to stock value, inspection reports are regularly received detailing/confirming the quality and the quantity 
stored. 
Various global insurance policies provide a broad and comprehensive coverage for both assets and third-
party liability risks, as follows:  
• 
Stock Throughput Policy (oil and metals); 
• 
Charterers Legal Liability Policy; and 
• 
General Liability and Terminal Operators Liability Policies. 
The Stock Throughput Policy covers all declared Oil & Metal goods while subject to transport, shipment 
or storage. The limit is generally USD 100 million per event with excess layers providing total coverage of 
USD 500 million per event. 
The Charterers Legal Liability Policy covers legal and contractual liability for property damage and bodily 
injury (main risks covered: liability for damage to the vessel, bodily injury, damage to property of third 
parties, damage caused by the cargo, stevedoring, pollution of the environment, general average). The limit 
is USD 1 billion for any one accident or occurrence. 
The General Liability Policy covers bodily injury and property damage incurred by third parties (the policy 
covers both legal and contractual liability and applies to general liability, employer’s liability and product 
liability). The limit is USD 500 million for any one occurrence with an annual aggregate of USD 500 
million for product liability and pollution liability. For owned terminal assets the Group also has USD 500 
million of Terminal Operators Liability insurance covering the marine operations and potential third-party 
exposures arising therefrom. 
Currency and Interest Rate Risk 
The Group’s functional currency is US dollar and the majority of transactions undertaken by Trafigura are 
denominated in US dollar. In cases where FX exposure does arise, the Group’s policy is to hedge all of its

--- Page 184 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
residual foreign exchange exposure relating to its trading and financing activities. The exposure is 
monitored daily by the Treasury teams, mainly in Singapore, Mumbai and Montevideo, with central 
oversight in Geneva. The Company primarily uses cross-currency swaps to manage its FX risk. 
The Group is not exposed to significant interest rate risk as the majority of its funding is short-term, ranging 
from a few weeks to a few months and commercial transactions consider current interest rate levels. For its 
long-term funding, on a case by case basis, Trafigura may enter into interest rate derivative transactions to 
lock-in interest rate levels and therefore reduce the Group’s exposure to floating interest rates arising from 
its corporate funding lines. 
Risk Limits 
On the physical side, each transaction has its own profit and loss record, which is set up at the inception of 
the transaction and remains open over the entire life of the trade. Physical deals are continuously monitored 
by Deals Desk, which acts entirely independently from the trading business. Each P&L is individually 
marked-to-market on a daily basis and updated with the actual transaction costs such as purchasing costs, 
hedging, insurance and financing as final costs become known. On any day, changes of USD 25,000 or 
more (in either direction) are reported and explained to senior management, allowing the Group to closely 
monitor risks. 
On the physical side: 
• 
No specific limits are set outside any credit requirements; and 
• 
The head trader on each desk liaises the respective oil or metals management committee on a daily 
basis, highlighting current issues and new business opportunities. 
In addition to its physical trading business, Trafigura enters into limited speculative positions (using paper 
derivatives), which involve spread risk when it identifies price or time differentials between markets and 
products related to its physical flows. Such speculative positions are continuously monitored and subject to 
Value at Risk and stop-loss limits per position. The Company has a Group-wide VaR limit, as well as limits 
per segment. All trading books and individual traders have well-defined VaR limits as well, and 
management is automatically notified whenever a book nears its risk limit, as well as whenever a VaR 
overage occurs. Also, Trafigura’s Deals Desk team is automatically notified whenever statistically 
anomalous changes occur in the profit and loss of any deal.  
As a rule, the Group maintains conservative consolidated risk limits and ensures that its overall risk 
exposure remains well within these limits – e.g. maintaining global aggregate VaR below 1 per cent. of 
Group equity. Strategies are also given specific stop losses (e.g. USD 1 to 2 per barrel), which are monitored 
by the Deals Desk team. Finally, positions are marked-to-market on a daily basis (or multiple times per day 
during highly volatile periods) based on forward curves. If a stop loss is hit, senior management is notified 
immediately. A decision is then taken to liquidate or keep the position and set a new stop loss limit. 
Trafigura’s policy is that basis risk should be kept to a minimum. If a trader wants to take on a specific 
position, he must report in a speculative book where VaR and associated stop losses can be easily monitored. 
Market Risk Management Reporting 
The Group's CRO is responsible for ensuring that there is a full and accurate awareness of risk throughout 
the Group and that these risks are professionally analysed and managed. The CRO works closely with the 
trading teams to make the Group's risk analysis forward looking, particularly by proactively analysing new 
opportunities and changing market conditions. The CRO ensures that the Group’s Management Committee 
and Board of Directors are aware of these evolving risks and their financial implications. The CRO also 
sets the priorities of the risk systems development team so that the Group is able to systematically manage 
its risks through industry standard measures such as VaR, in conjunction with computationally intensive 
nonlinear risk simulations and advanced statistical analysis. The Group’s integrated VaR model captures 
risk, including commodity prices, interest rates, equity prices and currency rates. The Group’s CRO reports 
to the Group’s Chief Operating Officer.

--- Page 185 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
Mark to market 
Mark-to-market and customised risk reports are produced and automatically distributed on a daily basis to 
traders and management. The reports aim to show transaction profitability based on the aggregate mark-to-
market of all outstanding transactions. Variations are carefully analysed and key items are discussed during 
weekly Market Risk Management Committee meetings (or on ad hoc basis when necessary). 
Market Risk and Stress Testing 
Over the financial year ended 30 September 2022, the average 1-day 95 per cent. VaR was USD 199.8 
million, which represents approximately 1.33 per cent. of Group’s equity, a significant increase compared 
to USD 47.9 million over the financial year ended 30 September 2021. Those exceptional levels were due 
to the extreme and unprecedented volatility experienced following the start of the war in Ukraine (the most 
significant military event in Europe since 1945). Actions were swiftly taken to bring back the VaR within 
acceptable risk limits, including but not limited to reducing stocks and traded volumes, as well as entering 
into back‑to‑back trades. Thanks to these efforts, the average VaR in the second half of the year was USD 
142.9 million (0.95 per cent. of Group equity) and decreased further in the last quarter of the financial year 
ended 30 September 2022 to 115.8 million (0.77 per cent. of Group equity). One of the key components to 
maintain this VaR at low levels (disregarding the days following the start of the war in Ukraine) is the 
diversification benefits from Trafigura’s exposures to a broad range of commodity types and markets. 
Fully automated system 
The Company’s risk system is largely automated. Trades entered in the systems by the Deals Desk team 
are automatically included in the risk report calculation. Trafigura’s risk reporting system daily highlights 
exposures that are nearing their VaR limit and also when 10 per cent., 20 per cent. and 30 per cent. 
drawdowns occur. All books have well defined VaR risk limits and management is notified whenever a 
book nears its limit, as well as whenever a VaR excess occurs, resulting in automated emails to the relevant 
trader, desk managers and the Market Risk Management Committee. In addition, Trafigura’s Deals Desk 
management team is automatically notified whenever statistically anomalous changes occur in the profit 
and loss of any deal. 
For senior management, these daily reports provide a comprehensive view of Trafigura’s risk exposures, 
classified according to various risk factors. The reports emphasise the risk diversification created by the 
Group’s variety of activities and highlight any excessive risk concentrations. Numerous indicators detail 
how the Group is performing relative to a wide range of benchmarks. 
Group Financing 
Funding Model 
A key reason for the Group’s leading competitive position is its access to capital and liquidity. The Group 
sources funds from a number of markets including the syndicated bank loan market, securitisation markets, 
US private placements, corporate bond markets and through trade finance lines. The strength of the Group’s 
liquidity and access to capital is derived from its unique financing model which is based on three main 
pillars: 
• 
Long term corporate credit facilities: revolving credit, term loan facilities and capital market 
issuances that are used to meet liquidity requirements outside of day to day activities; 
• 
Shorter term transactional facilities: uncommitted, secured bilateral trade finance lines are used 
to finance the day to day activities of the Group; and 
• 
Securitisation: the Group operates one of the largest trade receivables securitisation programme 
in the world, which was established in 2004 (the "Initial Trade Receivables Securitisation 
Programme" or “TSF”). In May 2020, the Group put in place a new securitisation programme to 
finance its receivables currently not eligible under TSF (the “Non-traditional Trade Receivables 
Securitisation Programme”, together with TSF, the “Trade Receivables Securitisation 
Programmes”). Those Trade Receivables Securitisation Programmes allow the Group to fund its 
receivables once an invoice has been issued and all the Group’s obligations under the contract 
have been performed. Following the success of the Initial Trade Receivables Securitisation

--- Page 186 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
Programme, the Group also launched its first inventory backed securitisation programme in 
November 2017, leveraging inventories of oil products and refined metals, with a structure which 
is similar to repurchase agreements (the “Inventory Securitisation Programme”). 
The main advantage of this financing model is that short term uncommitted transactional facilities (which 
finances the daily trading activities) and the securitisation programmes (which finance trade receivables 
and inventories on a non-recourse basis) are self-liquidating, i.e. they are repaid directly from the proceeds 
of the underlying transaction. 
The Group sources funds from various markets including Europe, Asia Pacific as well as the US and 
continues to enjoy strong support from a network of around 140 financial institutions, with credit lines 
totalling approximately USD 72.9 billion (excluding Puma). As of 30 September 2022, the Group’s top 10 
banks provided approximately 47 per cent. of the Group’s available bank funding. In order to keep 
strengthening its funding model, the Group aims to continue diversifying its funding sources in order to 
ensure the unhindered growth and profitability of its trading divisions and industrial assets, and the 
maximisation of its liquidity. 
Bilateral trade finance lines, borrowing bases and revolving credit facilities make up the majority of the 
Group’s funding. The weighted average maturity of the Group’s corporate (non-trade related) credit 
facilities as at 30 September 2022 was approximately 2.0 years. To mitigate refinancing risk the Group has 
diversified its long term funding base to reach different investor groups. Furthermore, under its revolving 
credit facilities, the Group has extension options in place.  
It is also important to note that Trafigura follows a policy of matching the maturity of Group’s assets and 
liabilities, with longer-term assets supported by longer-term borrowings. This way the Group mitigates the 
risk associated with maturity transformation. Moreover, the Group takes a conservative approach to 
managing its liquidity, aiming to keep about a third of its committed facilities unutilised at all times, under 
normal market conditions, together with a sizable buffer of cash, immediately (same day) available. 
The Group maintains two main revolving credit facilities, an Asian RCF and a European RCF. These are 
generally refinanced annually.  
The Group had around USD 66.3 billion of available credit facilities as at 30 September 2021 and USD 
72.9 billion as at 30 September 2022 (excluding Puma). 
Long Term Financing 
The Group's liquidity requirements outside of day to day trading activities are financed by committed 
corporate credit facilities including the Group's revolving credit, term loan facilities and capital market 
issuances. The corporate facilities, which amount to approximately 24 per cent. of the Group's total credit 
facilities as at 30 September 2022, finance requirements such as initial margin deposits and margin call 
with hedge brokers and bridge financing of capital expenditure. 
The majority of the Group's corporate credit facilities are denominated in U.S. dollars because this is the 
functional currency of the Group's business. In the Asian RCF, the Group has included a CNH denominated 
tranche since 2013 to capture the growing offshore RMB liquidity. Similarly, the Group has been present 
in the Japanese domestic syndicated bank loan market since 2012 with a 3-year term facility denominated 
in JPY (the “Samurai loan”). In addition to this, in May 2018, the Group raised a Swiss franc senior bond 
for CHF 165 million, with a maturity of 5 years – followed by a second smaller issuance in September 2019 
(the “CHF bonds”). Finally, over 2018 and 2019, the Group raised renminbi-denominated bond in total of 
RMB 2,240 million (approximately USD 335 million) in four tranches under its Panda Bond programme, 
each issuance having a 3-year maturity.  
Capital Markets, Capital Issues and Private Placements 
Historically, the Group has been proactive in tapping new markets to diversify its funding sources and 
extend the terms of its debt profile. Some facilities which have been closed in recent years and which are 
outside of the Group's traditional corporate facilities are outlined below. 
May 2019 – The Group successfully issued a new RMB 540 million bond in China’s mainland debt market, 
with a 3-year maturity. The final coupon significantly tightened since the first tranche issued in April 2018,

--- Page 187 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
confirming the strong appetite of the Chinese market for the Group’s long-term debt. The total amount 
raised under the Group’s Panda Bond programme is approximately USD 335 million. 
September 2019 – The Group issued a further CHF 55 million 5-year bond into the Swiss retail market, 
priced at 3.25 per cent. This incremental transaction allowed the Group to increase liquidity raised in the 
Swiss market to CHF 220 million, following its inaugural bond issued in May 2018.  
March 2020 – The Group raised USD 203 million of notes in the US Private Placement (“USPP”) market 
with tenors of 5, 7 and 10 years. It was the fifth issuance of the Group in the USPP market and the second 
largest in size. The Group achieved its tightest ever all-in pricing level. Proceeds were used to refinance 
USD 51.5 million of maturing USPP notes and to support the refinancing of the Group’s EUR 550 million 
bond repaid in April 2020. 
September 2020 – The Group issued a USD 400 million senior bond with 5-year maturity. The bond priced 
at 5.875 per cent., with about 90 investors distributed across Asia and Europe participating in the transaction, 
and significant oversubscription (more than two times). The transaction was issued under the Group’s 
EMTN programme and is listed on Euronext Dublin. 
January 2021 – The Group issued a EUR 400 million senior bond with a 5-year maturity. The bond priced 
at 3.875 per cent., with about 120 investors participating, which was oversubscribed by approximately two 
times, enabling the Group to increase the size of the transaction. This transaction marked the return of the 
Group to the Euro bond primary market after a hiatus of six years since the last Euro denominated issuance 
in 2015. In March 2021, the Group proceeded with a tap of this Euro bond for a further EUR 50 million. 
February 2021 – The Group successfully issued its inaugural Schuldschein loan. The EUR 110 million 
loan was increased from an initial EUR 75 million following strong investor demand and is split over 3 and 
5-year maturities. This transaction marked the Group’s entry into the Schuldschein loan market, which the 
Group sees as a prospective source of future capital, and demonstrates its continued ability to attract funding 
from a wide range of investors. 
April 2021 – The Group raised USD 204 million of notes in the USPP market with tenors of 5, 7 and 10 
years. It was the sixth issuance of the Group in this market and the largest sustainability-linked financing 
on record in the USPP market to date. The transaction incorporated KPIs designed to incentivise the Group 
to meet ambitious targets related to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. Proceeds were used to 
refinance a USD 98 million USPP maturity and also raised over USD 100 million of additional liquidity 
for the Group. The transaction was upsized from an initial USD 100 million following strong investor 
demand, with over half of the total amount raised in the 10-year tranche. 
September 2021 – The Group issued a USD 400 million perpetual subordinated bond with a 6-year call 
option. The bond priced at 5.875 per cent., the tightest coupon achieved by the Group for a perpetual bond. 
About 160 investors participated in the transaction which was oversubscribed by almost 4 times. The 
issuance set the longest tenor attained by the Group in the public debt capital markets. Proceeds were used 
to partially repay the Group’s outstanding USD 800 million perpetual bond issued in 2017, following a 
tender offer that was launched at the same time.  
March 2023 – The Group raised USD 225 million of notes in the USPP market with tenors of 7 and 10 
years. It was the seventh issuance of the Group in this market and was the second largest Trafigura issuance 
in the USPP market to date. 
Revolving Credit Facilities 
Over the last 17 years, the Group has maintained two revolving credit facilities, an Asian RCF and a 
European RCF. In October 2022, the Group refinanced its Asian RCF and term loan facilities for 
approximately USD 2.4 billion-equivalent. The facility was well oversubscribed and upsized from the 
launch amount of USD 1.75 billion-equivalent, with 28 financial institutions participating in the transaction, 
including three new lenders. It comprises of a 365-day USD revolving credit facility (USD 685 million), a 
1-year CNH term loan facility (approximately USD 1,217 million equivalent) and a 3-year USD term loan 
facility (USD 469 million). The size of the transaction, in line with the previous year, showed the confidence 
of the banking market about the Group’s ability to weather different commodity and credit cycles. In line 
with the Group’s 2022 European RCF, the facilities included a sustainability-linked loan structure, with the

--- Page 188 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
same set of KPIs. Similar to previous years, the facility was used to refinance the maturing facilities, as 
well as for general corporate purposes. 
In March 2023, Trafigura refinanced and extended its flagship European RCF totalling USD 5,420 million, 
comprised of a USD 1,900 million 365-day RCF and a USD 3,520 million three-year RCF. The 365-day 
facility was initially launched at USD 1.5 billion and closed substantially oversubscribed, while an 
extension option was exercised for the three-year facility. Similar to 2021 and 2022, the facilities included 
a sustainability-linked loan structure, with an updated set of key performance indicators to improve 
Trafigura’s sustainability performance, aligned with material issues for its business.  
Other Corporate Facilities 
In March 2022, the Group returned for the sixth time to the Japanese domestic syndicated bank loan market, 
since the first close in 2012. Trafigura refinanced its JPY-denominated term loan credit facility (Samurai 
loan) with a total value of JPY 93.75 billion (c. USD 790 million-equivalent at closing exchange rate), an 
increase of JPY 16.95 billion (c. USD 140 million) from the 2020 Samurai loan. The facility is comprised 
of a JPY 84.75 billion 3-year credit facility (refinanced in financial year 2022, maturing in March 2025) 
and a JPY 9 billion 5-year credit facility (amended but not refinanced in financial year 2022, maturing in 
March 2025). In line with the Group’s European and Asian RCFs, and a first for Trafigura’s Samurai loan, 
the Company structured the 3-year tranche of the Samurai loan as a sustainability-linked loan. This 
transaction continues to increase the diversification of Trafigura’s funding base and strengthens its banking 
presence in Asia, in particular in the Japanese domestic lending market. 
In March 2022, Trafigura also closed the syndication of a 9-month multi-currency RCF of USD 2.3 billion-
equivalent, as the Company managed the unprecedented increase in commodity prices as a result of the war 
in Ukraine. The transaction was set up following the renewal of the Group’s European RCF at a time of 
major uncertainties in global markets. This facility provided an additional funding buffer for the Group in 
order to proactively anticipate and mitigate liquidity requirements as a result of the substantial volatility in 
global commodity markets at the time. Following various initiatives to improve the Group’s liquidity 
position, Trafigura was able to voluntary cancel 45 per cent. of this facility in July 2022, while the balance 
matured early December. 
Trafigura is continuously working to secure new sources of liquidity in order to help the Group diversifying 
its access to funding. In September 2022, Trafigura entered into a USD 800 million five-year loan 
agreement, which was guaranteed by the government of Germany acting through the German Export Credit 
Agency (“ECA”) Euler Hermes Aktiengesellschaft. The guarantee is provided to support the commitment 
by Trafigura to deliver, under a five-year supply agreement, non-ferrous metals to Germany. Also in 
September 2022, the Group entered into a five-year USD 500 million loan guaranteed by SACE, Italy’s 
insurance and finance group controlled directly by the Ministry of the Economy and Finance to support 
Italian exports and ensure Italian industry receives the commodities it needs. 
Additionally, after the financial year close, in October 2022, The Group entered into a USD 3.0 billion four-
year loan agreement guaranteed by the government of Germany acting through the German ECA. This loan 
will support a new commitment by Trafigura to deliver substantial volumes of gas to Securing Energy for 
Europe (SEFE), which was recently recapitalised by the German government, over the next four years. 
The Trade Receivables Securitisation Programme 
The Group manages two trade receivables securitisation programmes through separately capitalised special 
purpose vehicles: TSF and the recent Non-traditional Trade Receivables Securitisation Programme. 
The Group’s Initial Trade Receivables Securitisation Programme (TSF) was launched in November 2004 
and enables the Group to fund its receivables once an invoice has been issued and all the Group’s 
obligations under the contract have been performed, subject to strict eligibility criteria. The programme 
currently has ten bank-sponsored conduits. Since most physical transactions are financed on a transactional 
basis with letters of credit or loans under existing lines, the securitisation of the Group’s receivables 
accelerates the rotation of these existing credit lines, since secured bilateral loans are repaid faster with the 
programme proceeds following the sale of the receivables. This mechanism frees financial resources, 
enabling the Group to grow existing activities and develop new businesses. 
The implementation of the securitisation programme achieved the following objectives:

--- Page 189 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
• 
Diversify and increase borrowing sources, while maximising the amount of net financing; 
• 
Benefit from attractive funding costs, thanks to TSF's investment-grade ratings from Moody’s and 
S&P (including a senior Aaa/AAA tranche and a junior Baa2/BBB tranche); 
• 
Faster rotation of transactional lines, facilitating the growth of traded volumes; 
• 
Create a scalable funding program that can grow in size as the Group's volume of receivables 
increases; and 
• 
Extend borrowing maturity. 
Over time, the external funding of TSF has increased significantly in size while incorporating a longer term 
committed funding element, principally through the issuance of Medium Term Notes (MTN), as well as 
retaining a significant proportion of variable funding purchased by bank-sponsored conduits, reaching USD 
5,685 million of external funding as at 30 September 2022– a USD 782 million increase year-on-year 
reflecting the Group’s needs for additional working capital financing in a market with generally higher 
commodity prices. The maturity of the TSF Variable Funding Notes (VFN) have also been staggered to 
diversify the maturity profile of such notes. The aim of this is to mitigate the ‘liquidity wall’ risk associated 
with a single maturity date for a significant funding amount. As a result of the Group's stringent risk 
management philosophy, the programme has not suffered any write-offs since its inception in November 
2004 and has become the largest AAA/Aaa publicly rated securitisation programme of trade receivables in 
the industry. 
In May 2020, the Group put in place an innovative securitisation programme to finance its receivables 
currently not eligible for the TSF securitisation programme. This USD 300 million programme is enhanced 
by an insurance policy and initially syndicated with three financial institutions. It is currently funded 
through short-term variable funding notes only. As per the other securitisation programmes, the main 
purpose is to ultimately syndicate this product with institutional investors, with a potential medium-term 
notes issuance, in order to continue the diversification of funding sources. 
In July 2021, TSF issued a new series of public notes (TSF 2021-1) on the 144A and Reg S asset-backed 
securities (ABS) markets. This was the sixth public ABS transaction since the inception of the programme. 
The 3-year tenor USD 300 million of public notes were placed with US investors including: USD 139.5 
million floating rate notes (AAA/Aaa) at 1m Libor +53bps, USD 139.5 million fixed rate notes (AAA/Aaa) 
at mid-swap +55bps and USD 21 million fixed rate notes (BBB/Baa2) at mid-swap +125bps. The 
transaction was very well received, with the participation from a total of 16 investors in the fixed and 
floating rate tranches. This proves that investors were mindful of the strong performance of the programme 
during the COVID-19 pandemic, proving once again its resilience. 
The Inventory Securitisation Programme  
Following the success of the trade receivables securitisation programme, the Group pioneered an inventory 
securitisation programme in November 2017, renewed yearly since then. Trafigura Commodities Funding 
Pte. Ltd. ("TCF"), a standalone vehicle was established in Singapore to raise non-recourse funding backed 
by inventories of oil products and refined metals. A second vehicle, Trafigura Global Commodities Funding 
Pte Ltd (“TGCF”), was added to the structure in February 2020 to permit the purchase of U.S. commodities. 
TCF/TGCF issued USD 355 million of senior variable notes which were placed on a private basis with six 
financial institutions. The proceeds of the notes enable TCF/TGCF to purchase oil products and refined 
metals inventories from the Group across twelve jurisdictions in Europe, Middle East and Asia-Pacific, 
together with U.S. and South Africa which became eligible jurisdictions in February 2020 and November 
2022 respectively. Various amendment processes over the last couple years allowed programme utilisation 
to reach record levels and pave the way for the implementation of the next phase: seeking committed term 
financing in the asset-backed securitisation markets.  
The commodities are sold on a ‘true sale’ basis under a purchase agreement, granting TCF/TGCF the right 
to sell each commodity back to the Group at the expiry of the underlying contracts or earlier at the option 
of the Group. The transaction architecture addresses risks related to the ownership of the commodities such 
as price, liquidity, basis risk, damage and theft of goods and storage control. The programme was designed 
to withstand a potential default of the Group via collateral and liquidation agency agreements.

--- Page 190 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
 
Transactional Financing 
A large proportion of the Group's financing is derived from trade related transactional financing 
arrangements, which finance day to day activities. This involves the financing of individual physical 
commodity transactions with uncommitted secured bilateral bank lines. The debt created in these 
transactions is secured on the commodity that is being purchased and subsequent receivable. 
In their most simple form, bilateral trade finance lines are a means of financing physical trading activity 
whereby a single trade finance bank initially opens up a letter of credit in favour of a commodity trader, 
followed by a loan to the commodity trader once the purchase invoice has been paid, to finance a specific 
single physical transaction. The loan is repaid by the commodity trader using cash received from the sale 
of the specific stock being financed. It is important to note that these transactions are self-liquidating in that 
the debt is repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the commodities (or by the sale of a related receivable). 
A key feature of these financial arrangements is that financing is generally provided at 100 per cent. of the 
value of the underlying assets and adjusted on a weekly basis. In the event of rising prices, the Group marks-
to-market the collateral held by the banks, who in turn provide additional liquidity to the Group on a weekly 
basis or more often if requested by the Group (or vice versa in case of declining prices). Given that the 
Group hedges its physical trading book, the cash flows on the hedging positions can be matched with the 
change in value of collateral which are marked-to-market under the corresponding loans. Without bilateral 
lines, such liquidity could only be realised at the time of the payment under the final sales contract by the 
client.  
The main advantages of bilateral trade finance lines are as follows: 
• 
Self-liquidating nature 
Lenders initially retain security over the stock, then over the associated receivable. As cash from 
the receivable is received, the bilateral loan is repaid. As such, loans under bilateral lines are not 
repaid from cash flow, but rather from the transaction itself. 
• 
Flexibility 
Bilateral lines are also a very flexible form of financing and can be drawn for funding or the issue 
of credit instruments such as letters of credit and can be easily increased in case of high commodity 
prices. 
• 
Reliability 
Banks view bilateral financing favourably and are more generally more willing to lend under 
bilateral lines than other forms of financing. This ensures bilateral lines are a reliable form of 
financing even in distressed credit markets. Since early 2011, the Group has grown its bilateral 
lines by approximately USD 29 billion, with total available lines (including bilateral trade lines, 
borrowing bases and repo lines) amounting to approximately USD 49 billion as of 30 September 
2022. 
• 
Strong liquidity tool 
As transactions are generally 100 per cent. financed and the level of such financings is adjusted 
on a weekly basis margin calls can be recovered more quickly. 
• 
Mark-to-market 
Ability to make weekly drawdown in transactional secured loan to reflect a change in value of the 
underlying collateral; this provides liquidity to balance out margin call requirements on futures 
positions. 
• 
Scalability  
Ability to grow lines and to increase/decrease usage according to market conditions and price 
environment helps the Group react quickly to changing market conditions. 
Main Recent Transactions 
In September 2020, the Group established a ‘low-carbon aluminium’ financing platform of USD 500 
million, with two financial institutions supporting the design and structuring of this instrument. As the first

--- Page 191 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
financing of its kind for the Group and for the wider market, the facility has been designed to meet growing 
demand from downstream manufacturers for low carbon aluminium and to support upstream producers in 
accelerating their transition to low carbon technologies. The platform will enable the Group to access 
financing at a preferential interest rate and, in turn, to pay a premium to low carbon aluminium producers. 
It follows the Group’s establishment of a low carbon aluminium-trading desk in 2019. 
In June 2021, Trafigura Trading LLC successfully renewed its North American borrowing base credit 
facility. The Group initially launched a USD 4.0 billion 2-year facility (in line with the existing size of the 
transaction) and received over USD 4.5 billion in total commitments, but the Group decided to close at 
USD 4.425 billion. This increased liquidity positions the Group to continue to grow its market share in 
trading crude, petroleum products, natural gas and natural gas liquids, as well as expanding its power and 
renewable energy trading. The Group continues to be one of the largest domestic marketers and exporters 
of crude and petroleum products in North America, supported by its vast network and logistic assets, as 
well as its access to crude supplies from Eagle Ford to the Permian Basin. 
These financing arrangements on an individual transaction basis are only possible with the Group's highly 
developed and integrated IT systems. Various stages of these transactions need to be monitored and reported 
to the bilateral banks. The banks involved also need to be able to monitor the transactions and ensure proper 
management. 
Today, the Group is unique among its principal peer group in the way it finances its business activities. It 
provides the Group with a competitive advantage and has proven to be resilient even during highly volatile 
market conditions. 
The utilisation of the bilateral trade finance lines tends to track the underlying oil price. Between September 
2014 and September 2015, when average oil prices fell below USD 45/bbl, utilisation of bilateral lines also 
tapered off. As the Group saw oil prices increasing from early 2016 to mid-2018, the headroom under its 
trade finance lines contracted. Increases in traded volumes are also reflected in higher utilisation levels (in 
USD terms): since the financial year ended 30 September 2014, traded volumes increased from 
approximately 2.5 mbpd to 6.6 mbpd on average over the financial year ended 30 September 2022. Over 
the second half of financial year 2022, while oil price surged, the decrease in oil volumes traded resulted 
into a relatively flat utilisation level. However, despite price fluctuations and traded volumes increment, 
the Group was able to maintain significant headroom in its bilateral lines (albeit with a slower pace of 
growth in overall size). 
The divergence between total short-term transactional lines and net utilisation from mid-2018 to late 2019is 
testament to the ability of the Group to not only diversify its sources of funding, but also to expand its 
banking group leading to increasing capacity in short-term transactional lines. The Group notes that this 
trend stopped in mid-2020 to late 2021 due to the rally in commodities prices, combined with higher traded 
volumes, as global demand grew with the progressive recovery from the pandemic. 
Transactional Finance compared to Unsecured Lenders 
A key point to note is that the Group's use of bilateral trade finance lines does not negatively impact the 
position of unsecured lenders. Since financing is generally provided at 100 per cent. of the value of the 
underlying assets and marked to market on a weekly basis, there is no issue of over-collateralisation. This 
means that no cash (flow), working capital or equity is trapped under the bilateral facilities. In case of an 
unforeseen problem with the Group, the bilateral lenders would simply liquidate the underlying transaction 
and as they are financing 100 per cent. of the collateral value, current asset and short-term debt would 
simply cancel out, i.e. the balance sheet would shrink without impacting the net working capital that is 
available to the unsecured creditors which was USD 12.6 billion as at 30 September 2022, excluding (i) 
current assets and liabilities of the securitisation programmes and (ii) current assets and liabilities in respect 
of operating leases. 
The Group and the Banking Environment 
As a privately-owned company, the Group funds itself primarily from the banking and debt capital markets. 
Whilst the Group (as the rest of the commodity sector) has not been completely insulated from the 
turbulence in the banking environment, the consequences for the Group have been very limited due to its 
diversified sources of funding and a pro-active approach to managing its relationships with its banks.

--- Page 192 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
In 2010 and 2011 during the Eurozone crisis, there was scarce liquidity in the loan markets, particularly for 
borrowers looking to raise funds denominated in US Dollars. A combination of high commodity prices, 
with supply of and demand for liquidity polarised, meant borrowers saw pricing creep significantly higher. 
Between late 2012 and early 2015, steps to restore liquidity (e.g. quantitative easing etc.) and a generally 
improving banking environment meant loan volumes picked up, which enabled borrowers to (re)finance 
their facilities at lower pricing, with the increased liquidity resulting in significant oversubscription, 
allowing borrowers to increase facility sizes and even scale back commitments. Within the industrial and 
commodity financing spaces, this trend began to tail off in mid- to late- 2015 as the fall in commodity prices 
and slowing growth in some key markets such as China and Brazil have put pressure on commodity 
producers and integrated producer/marketers. This understandably caused some nervousness among banks. 
Since the end of 2016 until 2019 the stabilisation in oil prices led to a rise of available credit facilities. 
In 2020, turbulent markets, amid the Covid-19 pandemic and US-China trade conflict, raised worries about 
risks to the financial and trading system. Given the scale of recent price movements, attention has naturally 
turned to the commodities trading sector. This attention was further sharpened by the difficulties 
experienced by some trading firms, mostly in Singapore. However, large physical commodities trading 
firms, such as the Group, are playing a central role in managing the inherent financial and other risks that 
arise in such volatile markets, and smoothing over the disruptions resulting from such supply and demand 
shocks. 
Over the last year, market volatility and increasing commodities prices generated an increased need for 
credit lines, which was exacerbated by the start of the war in Ukraine. However, Trafigura took rapid and 
decisive actions to build an ample liquidity buffer at the outset of the crisis, in order to weather the 
unprecedented turbulences in both the physical and derivatives commodity markets in late February and 
March 2022.The Group has, and expects to continue to benefit from being one of the top names in the 
commodity sector and has been able to maintain healthy levels of committed and uncommitted facilities 
throughout the various banking and commodity market cycles with strong and continued support from its 
banking partners. 
In recognition of the market trends mentioned above, the Group has sought to manage its banking group in 
the following ways: 
Pro-active and Clear Communication with Banks 
The Group maintains a clear and open communication channel with banks. At the end of 2012, the Group 
carried out a survey on members of its lending group to gauge the perception of external stakeholders 
towards the Group and its operations. A 70 per cent. response rate was achieved, which highlighted key 
differentiators of the Group in comparison to its peer group and the challenges faced by the Group, as well 
as the main positive and negative drivers of the Group’s reputation with lenders. The study has proved 
helpful in developing and shaping the Group’s communication channels and strategy. 
Following the successful engagement in 2012, the Group conducted a further survey in 2015 to gain an 
improved understanding of the operational and reputational risks and opportunities that the financial 
community, namely lending stakeholders, ascribes to the commodities sector as a whole and to the Group 
in particular. The exercise was also used to measure any tangible improvements following the learning 
outcomes of the 2012 survey. A total of 35 banks, spread across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and 
Africa, were contacted for comment regarding various metrics and personal experiences with the Group. 
Overall, the lenders acknowledged the significance of the Group as a key player in the industry and 
highlighted its high level of transparency and communication in topics ranging from strategic objectives to 
risk management and compliance. 
In April 2018, the Group commissioned a third assessment with about fifteen of its key relationship lenders 
and investors to re-evaluate the Group’s reputation, as well as to ascertain their opinions on the impact and 
quality of the Group’s reporting suite. The general consensus from respondents was that the Group is seen 
to act as if it was a ‘public company’ and is considered to be at the forefront of the responsibility agenda 
for the sector and decisive in shaping it. The Group’s reporting is considered to embody transparency, from 
a more ambitious Responsibility Report through higher financial transparency in the Annual Report and to 
industry thought leadership with various white papers such as Commodities Demystified. 
In 2021, Trafigura engaged a specialist consultancy to conduct a new extensive reputation audit of key 
external stakeholders comprising commercial counterparts and financial investors and banks across

--- Page 193 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
business divisions and geographic regions. The research was designed to understand stakeholder 
expectations for commodity trading companies and Trafigura’s perceived performance against those 
expectations across key areas including products and services, operations, financial stability, transparency 
and ESG. The Group is seen as a market leader in key areas including global presence, industry knowledge 
and financial stability. It is also viewed as a company that is agile with the ability to adapt to the changing 
macro environment and that is well-positioned to address the energy transition, with the potential to be an 
industry leading voice on decarbonization. Finally, in a relationship-driven industry, Trafigura is frequently 
praised by counterparts for its long-term approach to customer relationship building. 
Trafigura values highly this type of feedback and will repeat this exercise in the future, applying 
recommendations in order to keep shaping and improving its business practices, banking relations and 
reputation. 
Track record of building strong relationships 
For a number of years and throughout various commodity cycles and financial market environments, the 
Group has cemented strong relationships with its lending banks. Regular meetings are held between the 
Group's board members and/or management committee members and senior management of the Group's 
major banks. Top management at those banks have reiterated their commitment to the Group as they re-
focus available capital to the leaders of each sector. Therefore, despite a client portfolio rationalisation 
being undertaken by such banks which has mainly affected non-core and small(er) clients in the 
commodities space, the Group has not suffered any material reduction of available lines and in a number 
of cases has actually seen available lines increase. 
Diversification of Group funding sources 
Diversification is a key pillar of the Group’s funding strategy. For many years, the Group has actively 
sought to diversify its banking pool, which now consists of around 140 banks around the world. The Group 
has developed strong banking relationships on a global basis. Historically, European banks have been 
prominent in commodity trade financing and are therefore an important part of the Group’s bank group. In 
the unforeseen case that available credit lines from certain banks were significantly reduced in a specific 
region, the Group would be in a position to mitigate the effects of such a reduction through increases of its 
banking lines in other regions. 
Additionally, the Group is in a strong position having developed its trade receivables securitisation 
programme into the largest in the industry. Since this programme is funded from the USD capital markets 
(whether directly or indirectly via conduits) this significantly reduces the amount of USD liquidity required 
from its banks in the form of traditional lending. Another milestone was achieved in November 2017 when 
the Group successfully launched its first ever inventory-backed securitisation programme (non-recourse 
funding), leveraging existing assets and diversifying the funding pool. 
The Group has successfully tapped various markets for long-term unsecured funding such as the Eurobond 
market (2010, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2021), the US private placement market (2006, 2011, 2013, 2018, 
2020, 2021 and 2023) and the hybrid capital market (2013, 2014, 2017 and 2021). Additionally, the Group 
has had a JPY-denominated 3-year term loan since 2012, which it has now re-financed six times (last in 
March 2022), upsizing the loan each time. Finally, since the beginning of the Group’s 2018 fiscal year, the 
Group has also been active in a number of different markets, tapping new sources of liquidity through senior 
CHF bonds and CNH Panda bonds. 
Moreover, recent large financing transactions guaranteed by the Export Credit Agencies (ECAs) have 
created another meaningful pocket of liquidity for Trafigura. In September and October 2022, Trafigura 
closed three long-term financing transactions guaranteed by the German and Italian ECAs totalling USD 
4.3 billion to deliver natural gas and non-ferrous metals. Those facilities help the Group to further diversify 
its sources of funding as well as increase liquidity headroom (see "Other Corporate Facilities"). 
Financial Discipline 
Trafigura does not hold a public rating and does not seek to obtain one. The Group receives financing from 
a wide pool of stakeholders who understand the Group’s business model and whose funding decisions are 
not driven by external ratings. As a result, Trafigura’s business and investment decisions do not need to be 
taken on the basis of a particular rating level. This enables Trafigura to focus on long-term value creation

--- Page 194 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
and growth. Nevertheless, the Group aims to manage its business and financial profile in a manner 
consistent with an investment grade profile. The Group has a track record of raising financing from multiple 
sources on an unrated basis even in the most volatile and challenging market conditions. 
Financial discipline is critical to the Group's business model due to its reliance on debt markets for capital 
and liquidity. The Group's significant expansion of its sources of financing over the years has been achieved 
on the basis that the Group can maintain an acceptable and sustainable credit standing consistent with an 
investment grade profile. 
As a private company, the Group values long term relationships with all its financial stakeholders and 
provides access to all information necessary to reach an independent view on the Group's creditworthiness. 
The Group always strives to disclose to its financial stakeholders information necessary to understand its 
business model and financial performance. As a testament to this approach, the Group also releases its 
interim and full year financial reports publicly on its website (www.trafigura.com/financials). The Group 
believes its stakeholders' scrutiny and continuous involvement provide a strong oversight and control on 
the Group's financial health and is consistent with the Group's strategy to build value in the long run, which 
is reinforced by its ownership model. 
Such discipline is reinforced by the financial covenants that are granted to some of the Group's unsecured 
lenders. 
Legal Proceedings  
The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to a number of legal claims and proceedings arising out of 
their business operations. 
In February 2023, Trafigura has commenced legal proceedings against a group of companies connected to 
and apparently controlled by Mr Prateek Gupta including TMT Metals and companies owned by UD 
Trading Group. These proceedings concern a fraud involving containerised nickel in transit during 2022 
and misrepresentation and presentation of a variety of false documentation. The fraud is isolated to one 
specific line of business. There is currently no evidence to suggest that anyone at Trafigura was involved 
or complicit in this illegal activity. The Group recorded a USD577 million charge in the first half of 2023 
for Trafigura Group Pte Ltd. 
The aforementioned case and other legal claims and proceedings, however, are subject to inherent 
uncertainties and the outcome of individual matters is unpredictable. It is possible that the Group could be 
required to make expenditures, in excess of established provisions, in amounts that cannot reasonably be 
estimated. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors are aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer and 
Guarantors are aware), except the aforementioned case, during the past 12 months which may have, or have 
had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or Guarantors. 
Group’s net profits in the first half of its 2023 financial year are expected to exceed first half 2022 net 
profits, notwithstanding this impairment. 
Ownership Structure 
The Group is owned by approximately 1,100 senior employees, who are therefore focused on the long-term 
success of the business, promoting management depth and stability, and encouraging prudent risk 
management. The decision as to which employees may become shareholders is discretionary based upon 
management’s evaluation of the individual’s performance, seniority and future potential. This assessment 
is made on a yearly basis, with adjustments up or down, depending on the employee’s overall (current and 
expected) contribution to the Group’s results. 
Shares are issued and redeemed by TBBV. Upon ceasing employment with the Group, any shares in TBBV 
held by an employee will be repurchased, under certain conditions. In case of shareholdings in excess of 
USD 1 million, an employee’s shares are bought back in five separate instalments (the first one at the time 
of departure and then at the end of each of the following four years).  
The Group operates a limited discretionary share redemption programme for non-departing employees in 
order to provide liquidity in the shares and ensure that employees hold shareholding positions 
commensurate with their overall contribution to the business. However, all share redemptions (for both

--- Page 195 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
departing and non-departing employees) are strictly discretionary and can be deferred indefinitely; noting 
that employees do not have the right to freely sell their shares. Redemptions are strictly subject to the Group 
maintaining its financial covenants.  
Finally, as has been the case since inception, no dividend or profit distribution is paid to final shareholders 
of the Group other than through share redemptions at the level of TBBV (noting that, as a first step, 
dividends are paid from TGPL to TBBV). 
Management Structure 
Board of Directors and sub-committees 
The Board of Directors of TGPL has overall responsibility for the strategic direction and management of 
the Group across all its investments and activities. The Board is chaired by Jeremy Weir, Executive 
Chairman and CEO. Members of the current Board of Directors are listed below: 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Name 
Position 
Other relevant 
activities outside the 
Group (Past or 
Present) 
Years with 
the Group 
(as at 1 
January 
2023) 
Years in 
Commodities 
Andrew 
Vickerman 
Non-Executive Director 
Former member of the 
Operating 
and 
Executive 
Committees of Rio 
Tinto; 
Former Global Head 
of Communication & 
External Relations of 
Rio Tinto 
14 
33 
Jeremy Weir 
Executive Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer 
None 
23 
10 
Jose Larocca 
Executive Director  
None 
30 
32 
Mark Irwin 
Non-Executive Director 
Former Financial and 
Corporate Controller 
of the Group 
Since 
inception 
 
 
32 
Pierre Lorinet 
Non-Executive Director 
Former Group Chief 
Financial Officer of 
the Group 
 
22 
23 
Sipko Schat 
Non-Executive Director 
Former member of 
Rabobank Executive 
Board; 
Non-Executive 
Director of various 
companies  
8 
8 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is 10 Collyer Quay, Ocean Financial Centre, 
#29-01/05 Singapore 049315. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the best of the Company's 
knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties to the Company of any director, and 
its private interests and/or other duties. 
There are four committees that sit within the Board of Directors and the Management Committee: 
• 
ESG Committee: Group’s material environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and strategy;

--- Page 196 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
• 
Audit Committee: oversight responsibilities for the financial reporting process, the internal control 
and the audit process; 
• 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee: more specifically for Executive Directors, the 
Management Committee and other senior employees; and 
• 
Compliance Committee: ensuring that the Group identifies and robustly implements all processes 
and controls necessary to implement compliance with all applicable laws and regulations as well as 
its Code of Business Conduct. 
Management committee 
The Management Committee was created in December 2018, subsuming the Trading Committee and 
Investment Committee. The Management Committee is responsible for the execution of the Group’s 
business plan including management of the day-to-day trading, commercial and operational functions as 
well as the Group’s investment portfolio. The creation of the Management Committee marked a further 
development of the Group governance and enlargement of the leadership of the Group. Members of the 
Management Committee are listed below: 
Name 
Position / Background 
Years with the 
Group (as at 1 
January 2022) 
Years in 
Commodities 
Ben Luckock 
Co-Head of Oil Trading 
16 
23 
Christophe Salmon 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
12 
23 
Gonzalo De Olazaval 
Co-Head of Metals and Minerals 
Trading 
16 
22 
Jeremy Weir 
Executive 
Chairman 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer 
23 
31 
Jesus Fernandez 
Head of M&A 
19 
19 
Jose Larocca 
Executive Director  
30 
32 
Julien Rolland 
Head of Power and Renewables 
Division 
18 
27

--- Page 197 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
Name 
Position / Background 
Years with the 
Group (as at 1 
January 2022) 
Years in 
Commodities 
Kostas Bintas 
Co-Head of Metals and Minerals 
Trading 
15 
18 
Hadi Hallouche 
Co-Head of Oil Trading 
13 
19 
Richard Holtum 
Head of Gas and Power 
10 
11 
 
Other committees 
The Management Committee is supported by four corporate committees which are more focused on the 
day-to-day management of the Group, as opposed to the Group strategy. Each committee maintains regular 
contact with Trafigura’s Management Committee and the Board. They are comprised as follows: 
• 
Market Risk Management Committee: meets at least weekly to manage overall exposures, assess 
the impact of changing market dynamics and limit risk exposures and concentrations;  
• 
Finance Committee: responsible for assessment of financial risk and has the capacity to veto any 
transaction; and 
• 
Operational HSEC Steering Committee and Commercial ESG Steering Committee: promote best 
practice, oversee the management of ESG risks, and health, safety, environment, and community 
(HSEC) risks at the Group’s operations and ensure that Trafigura’s Corporate Responsibility 
Policy and Business Principles are adopted, appropriately adapted and implemented across the 
organisation. 
Sustainability 
Comprehensive Framework and approach 
The Group recognises the critical importance of conducting its business and operations responsibly, 
demonstrating integrity, professionalism and diligence at all times. Trafigura’s governance structure, 
management systems and associated policy framework are designed to support Group’s efforts to comply 
with applicable laws and regulations. They also establish the high standards of professional behaviour, 
integrity and diligence expected from staff. 
The Group has robust governance structures and management systems, that support compliance and efforts 
to address the environmental and social risks associated with Trafigura’s activities. In 2021, the Group 
launched a revised sustainability governance structure that has brought more focused direction at Board 
level and greater oversight and involvement at Senior Management level in the Group’s health and safety, 
environmental and social performance and has enabled greater sharing of good practice, common risks and 
challenges. To further strengthen company’s commitments and approach, Trafigura is undertaking a 
comprehensive review of the policy framework in 2023. 
Health and Safety 
Protecting the health and safety of employees, contractors and the communities within which Trafigura 
operates is the highest priority. The Group is fully committed to the goal of zero harm, with the aim that 
everyone goes home safe every day.

--- Page 198 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
The Group aims to build a culture across the business in which the vital importance of safety is understood 
at every level of the workforce. Trafigura seeks to embed health and safety objectives into the ethos of the 
business and maintain a culture where everyone is responsible for their own safety and those of others, and 
commercial objectives are never pursued at the expense of someone's safety. 
The Group’s overall approach to workplace safety is: 
• 
Aim for zero work-related fatalities; 
• 
Seek to reduce the number and severity of incidents; 
• 
Work to share lessons from incidents and near misses, with a view to continually improve the 
Group’s performance; 
• 
Will report on safety performance and initiatives; and 
• 
Comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as the standards the Company has set for 
its operations. 
Over the past three years Trafigura has worked to apply leadership behavioural, psychological and safety 
culture models to create greater alignment between managers and workers, to understand the role of 
supervisors in delivering change, to establish visible and felt leadership on the ground and to better 
recognise and reward positive behaviours. The Group has engaged external consultants to undertake safety 
culture assessments across company’s producing mining assets and has acted on the recommendations 
made. 
The Group systematically assesses leading and lagging health and safety indicators to track, monitor and 
report performance on a monthly basis, determine the effectiveness of the controls in place and to support 
continual improvement through undertaking investigations to identify direct causes, contributing factors 
and root causes of significant incidents and near misses. 
The Group’s safety performance has continued to improve over the course of 2022. The Group’s Lost Time 
Incident rate (“LTIR”) fell by 19 per cent. to 1.38 per million hours worked in the financial year ended 30 
September 2022 (compared to 1.70 in 2021). This follows reductions of 13 per cent. and 27 per cent. in 
2020 and 2019 respectively. With the release of the new sustainability report the Group announced a new 
health and safety target to reduce the LTIR by 30 per cent. by end of the financial year ending 30 September 
2025, including 15 per cent. reduction in the financial year ending 30 September 2023, compared to 
financial year 2022. 
A thorough update on 2022 achievements is available in the Group’s 2022 Sustainability Report. 
Transparency and engagement 
As a major facilitator of global trade, the Group believes that natural resource wealth should be an important 
engine for economic growth that contributes to sustainable development and poverty reduction. Being open 
about how the Group manages natural resources gives the populations in countries where it operates the 
tools to hold governments and business to account.  
Since the Group's first bond issuance on the international debt capital markets in 2010, the Company has 
taken significant steps to provide greater transparency to stakeholders. The Group believes that driving 
greater transparency and accountability is in the best interests of those impacted by it activities, whether 
national governments and their citizens or sector leaders through to small businesses. Transparency is an 
important pillar of the Group’s core business and is increasingly viewed both internally and externally as a 
business enabler and a competitive differentiator. 
In 2014, the Group became the first independent commodity trading company to publicly support the 
Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (“EITI”) and to develop a disclosure policy in collaboration 
with the organisation. The EITI is a global standard that promotes transparency and accountability in the 
oil, gas and mining sectors and requires the disclosure of information along the extractive industry value 
chain from the point of extraction, to how revenues make their way through the government and how they 
benefit the public. By doing so, the EITI seeks to strengthen public and corporate governance, promote 
understanding of natural resource management, and provide data to inform reforms for greater transparency 
and accountability in the extractives sector.

--- Page 199 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
Over recent years, the Group has taken a number of important steps to advance commodity trading 
transparency. Beyond the Group’s participation in the International Board of the EITI, as well as the 
Working Group on Transparency in Commodity Trading, the Group frequently engages with its existing as 
well as prospective commercial counterparts on such matters. 
Trafigura believes that commercially-appropriate transparency is important in building trust with 
stakeholders and see open and constructive dialogue and engagement with stakeholders as a vital element 
of responsible business. 
Responding to climate change 
As a leading supplier of commodities and energy globally, Trafigura has a crucial role to play in the 
transition to a low-carbon future. The Company recognises the latest scientific assessments as set out by 
the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and supports the climate change 
goals of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the Paris Agreement. 
Trafigura’s approach to climate change is aligned with the principles of the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
The Group’s purpose is to connect the vital resources required to power and build the world. The Group 
supplies global customers with energy and commodities to meet today’s needs and to support the transition 
to low- and zero-carbon sources of energy. This includes delivering the critical minerals and metals to build 
infrastructure required for the energy transition. The Group is also investing to develop new sources of low- 
and zero-carbon energy, and to commercialise technologies and projects to reduce, capture and compensate 
for emissions. Finally, the Group engages regularly with governments, regulators, industry and civil society 
groups to provide information about the markets the Group operates in and to advocate for a just and fair 
energy transition and a level playing field for companies investing in climate-positive change. 
Addressing climate change is a key strategic focus for Trafigura. Following significant progress in reducing 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from operations by 30 per cent. since 2020, the Group has 
revised its climate change strategy and set longer term targets. The 2022 Sustainability Report sets out a 
roadmap aiming for operational carbon neutrality by 2050, including a medium-term target to reduce Scope 
1 and Scope 2 emissions by more than 50 per cent. over the next decade, compared to 2020. The Group’s 
2032 target is aligned with the Paris Agreement and a 1.5°C reduction pathway. 
Moreover, the Company is committed to the transition to zero emissions shipping and believes that the 
decarbonisation of shipping is an urgent and achievable goal. The decarbonisation target set in financial 
year 2021 – a 25 per cent. reduction in carbon intensity by 2030 against the 2019 IMO normalised industry 
baseline across company’s entire chartering operation – reflects this commitment. This covers the Group’s 
total shipping emissions comprising Scope 1 and Scope 3 GHG emissions. Trafigura has made good 
progress to date against the GHG emissions intensity reduction target, showing an 11 per cent. reduction 
towards the 25 per cent. target.  
In addition, the work the Group has done in recent years to understand the carbon intensity of the supply 
chains the Group manages has enabled Trafigura to set a new Scope 3 upstream emissions reduction target, 
aligned with the Group’s commercial strategy. By 2030, the Group will aim to reduce the GHG emissions 
intensity of the production and processing of all the non-ferrous metals it sources and supplies to customers 
globally, by 10 per cent. compared to 2020. 
Lastly, the Group continues to expand investments in renewable technologies and in clean energy sectors 
such as green hydrogen and ammonia, with a target of investing in renewable hydrogen projects with a total 
production capacity of three gigawatts by the end of 2030. Next to that, the Group’s Nala Renewables joint 
venture is pressing ahead with a range of solar power, onshore wind and battery storage investments. The 
joint venture is on track to achieve its aim of building a portfolio of operating, in construction and late-
stage development projects with a cumulative generating capacity of four gigawatts by 2025. To date, Nala 
Renewables has invested USD224 million in a range of projects and companies in Chile, the US and Europe, 
including a EUR30 million battery energy storage system on the site of the Nyrstar zinc smelter in Balen, 
Belgium that is expected to come on stream in 2023.

--- Page 200 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
Responsible Value Chains 
Over the past several years, the Group has developed a robust approach to assessing and addressing human 
rights concerns and wider social and environmental issues associated with the origin of minerals and metals 
Trafigura sources and supplies. Responsible sourcing and supply chain due-diligence are important topics 
for customers, regulators and financiers and are now an integral part of the Group’s business. 
Trafigura’s Responsible Sourcing Programme directly reflects the OECD’s Due Diligence Guidance for 
Responsible Supply Chains (OECD Guidance) and is aligned with relevant regulatory requirements, 
including Section 1502 of the US Dodd-Frank Act, the EU’s Conflict Minerals Regulation and LME 
regulations. Importantly, the programme extends to the purchase of specific metals and minerals from 
geographies and activities that Trafigura deems to be of greater risk. 
In 2020, the Group undertook a full revision of its Responsible Sourcing Programme, setting ambitious 
objectives for the future and extending the scope of due diligence to cover all metals and minerals traded 
from point-of-origin to point-of-sale. Additionally, the Group is working to align the programme with the 
international ISO 20400:2017 sustainable procurement standard by end of financial year 2023. At the end 
of the financial year ended 30 September 2022, the Group had closed an additional 54 per cent. of remaining 
gaps (against a 40 per cent. target) and remains on track to achieve this target. 
Trafigura is also committed to respecting internationally recognised human rights in line with the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs). The Group has determined its salient human 
rights risks as those that are at risk of the most severe negative impact through the Group’s activities and 
business relationships, through a process of engaging with both internal stakeholders from across various 
business functions and external stakeholders. Trafigura assesses the severity of the impacts identified based 
on scale, scope and irremediability. Human rights risks are present in two key areas: company’s workforce 
and workers in supply chain; and local communities connected to both the Group’s operations and those of 
its suppliers. For each risk area, the Group has identified specific teams that are responsible for the 
management, mitigation and, where appropriate, remediation of identified risks, both in terms of operations 
and supply chains. 
In 2022 the Company set a target to obtain full alignment with the Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights at all Trafigura Group operations by end of financial year 2024.  
The Group’s human rights performance is documented in Trafigura’s annual Human Rights Report and 
also in Modern Slavery Report, available on Trafigura’s website. 
Conduct and Compliance 
The Group focuses on promoting and sustaining a sound compliance culture where all staff recognise both 
a personal and a collective responsibility for meeting Group compliance objectives. The Group's Code of 
Business Conduct defines what is expected of its people. 
The Group's business is conducted within national and international laws and regulations. Wherever the 
Group operates, it aims to ensure its conduct is in line with applicable and relevant internationally 
recognised standards. 
The Group's Code of Business Conduct is a cornerstone of the Group's approach. It defines what is expected 
of the business and its employees. It promotes good business judgement and compliance with relevant laws 
and regulations. 
Ethical business conduct is a pre-requisite for sustained success. The Group has adopted five key principles 
that define the way the Group conducts itself worldwide. The Group’s Compliance Department has 
developed global systems and safeguards that ensure the Group adheres to these principles wherever the 
Group operates. 
1. Integrity - honest and straightforward in business dealings; 
2. Care and diligence - due skill, care and diligence in the management of its business; 
3. Best practice - compliance procedures that meet best practice standards, not just minimum legal 
or regulatory requirements;

--- Page 201 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
4. Market conduct - business dealings in accordance with high standards of market conduct; and 
5. Management and control - appropriate procedures in place to manage and control the business 
effectively and meet the requirements of its Code of Business Conduct. 
The Group's Compliance Department oversees Group activities. It operates in partnership with front office 
functions to ensure the Group's controls are relevant and robust. The Group's Head of Compliance reports 
directly to the Group's COO who sits on the Group's Management Committee. The Group's Compliance 
Committee meets twice a year. 
Know Your Counterparty Process 
The Group is dedicated to forming strong, enduring and mutually beneficial relationships with its customers. 
Therefore, the Group takes great care in selecting its business partners, a commitment that is clearly 
articulated within the Group’s 'Know Your Counterparty' programme. Before transactions can proceed, a 
prospective new counterparty must provide extensive information about its operations, directors and 
financial status. After these details have been analysed by the Group's internal compliance team, the data is 
verified by authoritative external agencies. Following this, the credit department verifies the credit status 
of the counterparty. Only after these checks are successfully undertaken can the Group enter into 
transactions with a new counterparty. These responsibilities are shared by a comprehensive compliance 
plan, monitoring programme and involvement of senior management through Compliance Committees. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of the Company ends on 30 September. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the auditor of the Company was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
SA, 
avenue 
Giuseppe-Motta 
50, 
1211 
Geneva, 
Switzerland. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA, Geneva branch, is registered in the commercial register of the Canton of 
Geneva under number CHE-390.062.005. PricewaterhouseCoopers SA is a member of EXPERTsuisse – 
Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary.

--- Page 202 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
The Group uses certain financial measures derived from its consolidated financial statements, accounting 
records and other management sources to evaluate period to period changes that are not required or 
presented in accordance with IFRS because the Group believes these measures will assist securities analysts, 
investors and other interested parties in the understanding of the Group's results of operations and financial 
position.  
These supplemental financial measures are not measures of the Group's financial performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to consolidated net income as an indicator of the 
Group's performance or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities or as a measure of the 
Group's liquidity. Accordingly, they may differ from similarly-titled measures reported by other companies 
and may not be comparable. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these alternative 
performance measures, which should be considered supplemental to, and not a substitute for, the financial 
measures presented in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. These supplemental financial measures include 
underlying EBITDA, adjusted debt to Group equity ratio, corporate debt to underlying EBITDA ratio, 
operating free cash flow and industrial assets.  
This section only contains the alternative performance measures used in the Base Prospectus. This overview 
is not complete given that the Group also uses IFRS performance measures. For these measures, reference 
is made to the Group Financial Statements and the Group Interim Financial Statements, incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Underlying EBITDA 
As of 1 October 2020, the Group changed the presentation of the consolidated statement of income from a 
classification based on the function of expense to a classification based on the nature of expense. As a result 
of this change, the consolidated statement of income no longer presents gross profit as a separate subtotal 
and performance metric. As a replacement, the Group has introduced the operating profit before 
depreciation and amortisation subtotal and the underlying EBITDA metric. For further details, see note 2.6 
of the consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the year ended 30 September 2021 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Income statement information for the financial year 
ended 30 September 2020 or earlier years shown in this Base Prospectus has been restated for the new 
presentation. 
From an operating profit perspective, Trafigura believes that underlying EBITDA is the most appropriate 
measure to assess its operating performance. Underlying EBITDA is defined as operating profit or loss 
before depreciation and amortisation excluding share-based payments (non-cash) and exceptional and/or 
non-operational items. Underlying EBITDA as presented in the Base Prospectus may not be comparable to 
similarly title measures reported by other companies due to differences in the way these measures are 
calculated.  
The following table sets out a reconciliation of the Group's underlying EBITDA and underlying EBITDA 
margin for the financial years ended 30 September 2018 to 2022.

--- Page 203 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
 
Financial year ended 30 September 
In USD million 
2018 *, 
** 
2019 *, 
** 
2020 * 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
Operating profit or (loss) before depreciation and 
amortisation.................................................................................  
 
1,780 
 
2,115 
 
6,035 
 
6,890 
 
11,982 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Share-based payments ..................................................................  
88 
109 
130 
106 
107 
Adjustments.................................................................................  
88 
109 
130 
106 
107 
Underlying EBITDA  ..................................................................  
1,868 
2,224 
6,165 
6,996 
12,089 
Revenue ........................................................................................  
180,744 
171,474 
146,994 
231,308 
318,476 
Underlying EBITDA margin .....................................................  
1.0% 
1.3% 
4.2% 
3.0% 
3.8% 
* 
Information for financial years ended 30 September 2018, 2019 and 2020 has been restated for the new income statement 
presentation as described in the introduction to this section. 
** As from 1 October 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16. The impact of IFRS 16 on underlying EBITDA for the financial years 
2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to increases of USD 1,358 million, USD 1,270 million and USD 1,194 million, respectively. 
Information for the financial years ended 30 September 2018 and 2019 have not been restated for IFRS 16. 
Adjusted debt to Group equity ratio 
As a physical trading group, Trafigura relies on a specific funding model. As a result, the financial analysis 
framework for other, more typical industrial companies, may not apply. Banks and rating agencies have 
historically considered financial leverage after excluding some specific balance sheet items (for example, 
inventories, securitisation), resulting in the use of adjusted debt as an overall leverage metric.  
The following adjustments are made to calculate the adjusted debt metric: 
• 
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits are deducted from total debt as reported; 
• 
Pre-sold or hedged stock is deducted from debt. This reflects the great liquidity of the stock and 
the ease at which this could be converted to cash. As previously described, Trafigura's policy is to 
have 100 per cent. of stock hedged or pre-sold at all times; and 
• 
The receivables securitisation programmes are taken out on the basis that they are entirely distinct 
legal entities from Trafigura with no recourse to the Group and is only consolidated into the 
financial statements in accordance with the Group's accounting rules; and 
• 
Non-recourse invoice discounting or portion of loans (for example non-recourse portions of bank 
financings used to extend prepayments to counterparties) are deducted from total debt as reported. 
A reconciliation of the Group's current and non-current loans and borrowings to adjusted debt to Group 
equity ratio for the years ended 30 September 2018 to 30 September 2022.

--- Page 204 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
 
Financial year ended 30 September 
In USD million 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current loans and borrowings ............ 
8,462 
8,492 
7,070 
10,912 
9,615 
Current loans and borrowings ................... 
23,742 
22,456 
25,784 
34,270 
29,644 
Total debt ................................................. 
32,204 
30,948 
32,854 
45,181 
39,278 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ......................... 
5,356 
6,267 
5,757 
10,678 
14,881 
Deposits ..................................................... 
334 
374 
466 
460 
642 
Inventories including pre-sold/hedged 
inventories.................................................. 
 
 
15,621 
 
 
14,137 
 
 
20,922 
 
 
30,509 
 
 
23,874 
Receivables securitisation debt ................. 
4,294 
4,422 
2,751 
5,151 
5,391 
Non-recourse debt ..................................... 
562 
437 
198 
555 
1,607 
Adjusted total debt .................................. 
6,037 
5,310 
2,760 
(2,171) 
(7,117) 
Group Equity ............................................. 
6,250 
6,805 
7,790 
10,546 
15,079 
Adjusted debt to Group equity ratio at 
the end of the period ............................... 
 
0.97x 
 
0.78x 
 
0.35x 
 
(0.21)x 
 
(0.47)x 
 
Corporate debt to EBITDA ratio 
The Group is using leverage ratio referred to as corporate debt to EBITDA ratio, defined as corporate debt 
divided by underlying EBITDA. Trafigura believes this is a more relevant ratio for senior unsecured 
creditors than the adjusted debt to Group equity ratio. 
In particular, the adjusted debt to Group equity ratio does not take into account the excess of trade 
receivables over trade payables, which would be available to senior creditors in the case of liquidation. 
Commodity receivables typically have a short duration (1 to 3 months) and very low default rate due to the 
strategic nature of the goods sold. By deducting the excess of trade receivables over trade payables, the 
corporate debt excludes any working-capital related indebtedness. Such indebtedness is not repaid by the 
organic cash flow generation of the Group but the completion of the trade flow cycle (i.e. through the 
payment of the invoice or the resale of the commodity). 
The corporate debt focuses on debt which is repaid by underlying EBITDA. The corporate debt to EBITDA 
ratio considers all debts, whether short-term or long-term, and removes: 
• 
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits; 
• 
Pre-sold or hedged stock (including purchased and pre-paid inventories being released); 
• 
Trade receivables in excess of trade payables and derivatives; and 
• 
Any corporate debt for which lenders do not have recourse to Trafigura (for example, non-recourse 
financings for prepayments) which are not captured in the above adjustments. 
The Trade Receivables Securitisation Programme does not need to be deducted separately since the excess 
of trade receivables over trade payables would capture it.  
The following table sets out a reconciliation of the Group's current and non-current loans and borrowings 
to corporate debt to EBITDA ratio for the financial years ended 30 September 2018 to 2022 using 
underlying EBTIDA for the last twelve months ending on the respective date.

--- Page 205 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
 
Financial year ended 30 September 
In USD million 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current loans and borrowings ...  
8,462 
8,492 
7,070 
10,912 
9,615 
Current loans and borrowings ..........  
23,742 
22,456 
25,784 
34,270 
29,664 
Total debt ........................................  
32,204 
30,948 
32,854 
45,181 
39,278 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ................  
(5,356) 
(6,267) 
(5,757) 
(10,678) 
(14,881) 
Deposits ............................................  
(334) 
(374) 
(466) 
(460) 
(642) 
Inventories including pre-
sold/hedged inventories ....................  
 
 
(15,621) 
 
 
(14,137) 
 
 
(20,922) 
 
 
(30,509) 
 
 
(23,874) 
Trade receivables in excess of trade 
payables (incl. current derivatives)* 
(6,065) 
(5,010) 
(4,709) 
(387) 
(1,249) 
 
Non-recourse debt ............................  
(202) 
(87) 
(4) 
(17) 
(26) 
Corporate debt ................................  
4,626 
5,072 
996 
3,130 
(1,394) 
Underlying EBITDA over the last 
12 months .........................................  
1,868 
2,224 
6,165 
6,996 
12,089 
Corporate debt/Underlying 
EBITDA over the last 12 months ..  
 
2.5x 
 
2.3x 
 
0.2x 
 
0.4x 
 
(0.1)x 
* Deferred revenue was reclassified from trade and other payables to other current liabilities in financial year 2021.  Information 
for financial years ended 30 September 2018, 2019 and 2020 has been restated to reflect this. 
 
Industrial Assets 
Trafigura presents the industrial assets which are calculated as total non-current assets, minus non-current 
prepayments, non-current derivatives and deferred tax assets.  
The following table sets out a reconciliation of the Group's total non-current assets to industrial assets as at 
30 September 2020, 2021 and 2022.  
 
Financial year ended 30 September 
In USD million 
2020 
2021 * 
2022 
Total non-current assets ....................................................................  
11,116 
15,078 
19,433 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
Non-current prepayments ....................................................................  
(1,061) 
(1,805) 
(1,534) 
Right of use assets ...............................................................................  
(2,091) 
(2,406) 
(3,905) 
Lease receivables .................................................................................  
(124) 
- 
- 
Non-current derivatives .......................................................................  
(233) 
(332) 
(1,125) 
Deferred tax assets ...............................................................................  
(124) 
(266) 
(210) 
Other non-current assets 
(192) 
(918) 
(4,286) 
Total Industrial Assets ......................................................................  
7,291 
9,351 
8,373 
* 
Restated as a result of amendments to the provisional assessment of the identifiable assets acquired in the acquisition of 
Puma Energy. For further details, see notes 2.6 and 7.2 of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as 
of and for the year ended 30 September 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Operating Free Cash Flow 
Trafigura’s funding model is structurally designed to absorb significant working capital requirements, as 
demonstrated over time. Operating free cash flow ("Operating FCF") generation (defined as operating 
cashflow before working capital changes, minus net interest paid, plus dividends received, tax paid and net 
cash used in investing activities) provides another useful metric of performance and Trafigura’s leverage 
position.  
To understand the Group’s underlying cash flow generation, one should focus on Operating FCF generation. 
Movements in underlying commodity prices, alongside changes in volume, can cause significant swings in 
cash flow generated by changes in working capital. These drivers have little impact on underlying 
performance, given price risk is systematically hedged. Short-term financing is used to finance outflows 
where required and these items therefore largely net off from a cash flow perspective.

--- Page 206 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
The Group has generated USD 16.0 billion of Operating FCF (after IFRS 16 adjustment) over the last five 
fiscal years. This reflects the Group’s consistent cash flow generation in conjunction with an updated 
investment approach, involving a reduction in annual Capex spent, often including partners when directly 
making new investments and a disposal of non-core assets. It is also worth noting that Operating FCF has 
also more than covered the Company’s share buybacks over the last five years, which further demonstrates 
the Group’s commitment to a conservative capital structure. 
The following table sets out a reconciliation of the Group's Operating cash flow before working capital 
changes to Operating FCF generated for the financial years ended 30 September 2018 to 2022.   
 
Financial year ended 30 September 
In USD million 
2018 * 
2019 * 
2020 * 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
Operating cash flow before working capital changes ..........  
 
1,836 
 
2,201 
 
6,214 
 
6,988 
 
12,125 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments: 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest paid ..............................................................................  
(1,374) 
(1,605) 
(1,246) 
(1,211) 
(2,260) 
Interest received ........................................................................  
620 
704 
475 
337 
709 
Dividends (paid)/received .........................................................  
50 
- 
5 
166 
26 
Tax (paid)/received ...................................................................  
(116) 
(183) 
(208) 
(407) 
(685) 
Net cash used in investing activities .........................................  
(95) 
(285) 
(265) 
(2,728) 
(536) 
Total Operating Free Cash Flow ...........................................  
921 
832 
4,975 
3,145 
9,379 
IFRS 16 lease liabilities adjustment .........................................  
 
 
(999) 
(1,045) 
(1,231) 
IFRS 16 adjusted Operating Free Cash Flow ** .................  
921 
832 
3,976 
2,100 
8,148 
* 
Information for financial years ended 30 September 2018, 2019 and 2020 has been restated for the new income statement 
presentation as described in the introduction to this section. 
** As from 1 October 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16. Operating Free Cash Flow as presented in the IFRS 16 Adjusted 
Operating Cash Flow line above excludes the impact of IFRS 16.

--- Page 207 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Business overview 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. The direct shareholder of the Issuer is 
Trafigura Holdings Pte Ltd. The Issuer is a special purpose financing entity. The corporate objects of the 
Issuer as set out in its Articles of Incorporation include the taking and maintaining of any participating 
interests, the granting of assistance to other Group companies or companies in which the Issuer has an 
interest, the issue of notes, bonds, debentures and any kind of debt and/or equity securities in any form and 
the granting of security interests over all or some of the Issuer's assets. The Issuer has no material business 
operations, no direct subsidiaries and no employees.  
The Issuer is a wholly-owned finance company for the Group and its principal purpose is to issue debt 
instruments in the capital markets and lend the proceeds arising therefrom to members of the Group 
(although principally the lending is to TPTE, which performs treasury functions for the Group). The Issuer 
is dependent upon the members of the Group to which it lends to repay such loans in order to service the 
Notes. The Notes also benefit from guarantees of certain other members of the Group.  
The Issuer is a limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated and existing under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg under the name Trafigura Funding S.A. The Issuer was incorporated on 13 
December 2012. The Issuer is registered in Luxembourg with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés 
under number B 173718. The registered office of the Issuer is at 7, rue Robert Stümper, L-2557 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is +352 208 001 4001. The Issuer 
was incorporated for an indefinite duration and has no other commercial name. There have been no recent 
events particular to the Issuer which are relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency.  
Members of the Board of Directors 
The directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Other Principal Activities 
(outside the Group) 
Christopher Salmon 
Class A Director 
None 
Robbert Maas 
Class A Director 
None 
François Cottong 
Class B Director 
Associate Director – Business 
Unit Leader of Ocorian Services 
(Luxembourg) S.à r.l.; various 
non-executive positions 
Rémy Cornet 
Class B Director 
Head of Corporate Services - 
Luxembourg 
of 
Ocorian 
Services (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.; 
various non-executive positions 
 
The business address of each of the Issuer's directors is 7, rue Robert Stümper L-2557 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest 
exist between the duties to the Issuer of any director, and its private interests and/or other duties. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of the Issuer ends on 30 September. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the auditor of the Issuer was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose registered office is at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, L-

--- Page 208 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
1014 Luxembourg. PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is a member of the Luxembourg Institute 
of Auditors (Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises).

--- Page 209 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TRAFIGURA TRADING LLC 
Business overview 
TTL is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company. TTL is engaged in buying and selling 
commodities, with its principal office in Houston (Texas). TTL is the member of the Group responsible for 
conducting business in the United States. 
TTL is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware under the name 
Trafigura Trading LLC. TTL was incorporated on 31 January 2015. TTL is registered in the State of 
Delaware with Federal Identification Number 06-1436098. The registered office of TTL is at 1209 Orange 
Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801 and its telephone number is +1 832 2036400. 
The principal place of business of TTL is at 1401 McKinney, Suite 1500, Houston, Texas 77010. TTL was 
incorporated for an indefinite duration and has no other commercial name. There have been no recent events 
particular to TTL which are relevant to the evaluation of TTL's solvency. 
TTL was previously incorporated on 14 July 1995 as a limited liability company existing under the laws of 
Switzerland under the name Trafigura AG. On 31 January 2015, TTL re-domesticated as a Delaware 
corporation under the name of Trafigura Inc. and subsequently converted to a limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and changed its name to Trafigura Trading LLC (the 
"Re-domestication").  
Management 
The management of TTL as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Other Principal Activities 
(outside the Group) 
Corey Prologo 
President/Director 
None 
Robert Kreider 
Secretary/Director 
None 
 
The business address of each of TTL's directors is 1401 McKinney, Suite 1500, Houston, TX 77010, USA.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the best of TTL's knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest 
exist between the duties to TTL of any director, and its private interests and/or other duties. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of TTL ends on 30 September. 
Auditors 
For the financial year ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the auditor of TTL was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA, Geneva Branch whose registered office is at avenue Giuseppe-Motta 50, 1211 
Geneva, Switzerland. PricewaterhouseCoopers SA, Geneva branch, is registered in the commercial register 
of the Canton of Geneva under number CHE-390.062.005. PricewaterhouseCoopers SA is a member of 
EXPERTsuisse – Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary.

--- Page 210 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TRAFIGURA PTE LTD 
Business overview 
TPTE is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company and is a Singaporean corporation engaged in 
buying and selling oil commodities in the Far East. TPTE was established in Singapore as the regional 
headquarters for the Group's oil trading activities. TPTE is the focal point for Trafigura's Asian branch 
network which includes offices in Brisbane, Jakarta, Mumbai, Seoul, Shanghai, Singapore, Tokyo and 
Ulaanbaatar and is the principal entity through which the Group's trading transactions are booked. 
TPTE is a limited private company incorporated and existing under the laws of Singapore under the name 
Trafigura Pte Ltd. TPTE was incorporated on 7 March 1996. TPTE is registered in Singapore with the 
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority in Singapore under number 199601595D. Its registered 
office and principal place of business is at 10 Collyer Quay, #29-01/05 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 
049315 and its telephone number is +65 6319 2960. TPTE was incorporated for an indefinite duration and 
has no other commercial name. There have been no recent events particular to TPTE which are relevant to 
the evaluation of TPTE's solvency. 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The directors of TPTE as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Other Principal Activities 
(outside the Group) 
Stephan Arjan Jansma 
Director 
None  
Edmundo Abdon Vidal Cornelio 
Director  
None 
Tan Chin Hwee  
Director 
None 
 
The business address of each of TPTE's directors is 10 Collyer Quay, #29-01/05 Ocean Financial Centre, 
Singapore 049315. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the best of TPTE's knowledge, no potential 
conflicts of interest exist between the duties to TPTE of any director, and its private interests and/or other 
duties. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of TPTE ends on 30 September. 
Auditors 
For the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the auditor of TPTE was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose registered office is at 7 Straits View, Marina One, East Tower, Level 
12, Singapore 018936. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are registered as Public Accountants and Certified 
Public Accountants with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority in Singapore.

--- Page 211 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
Please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le 
revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or 
taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to 
most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and, the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Luxembourg tax residency of Noteholders 
A Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder will not become resident, nor be deemed to be resident, in 
Luxembourg, by reason only of its holding of Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of its entitlements thereunder. 
Withholding tax 
In principle, Luxembourg does not levy a withholding tax on at-arm's-length interest, except for interest on 
certain profit sharing bonds or similar instruments and interest paid as a profit share under certain silent 
partnership type arrangements, subject to the application of the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the "Relibi Law"). 
Luxembourg non-resident individuals 
Under the Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) that are not profit sharing and other similar income made to a 
Luxembourg non-resident holder of the Notes. There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, upon 
repayment of the principal, or subject to the application of the Relibi Law, upon redemption or exchange 
of the Notes.  
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a 
resident of Luxembourg or a foreign residual entity, as defined by the Relibi Law, that secures interest 
payments on behalf of such individuals (unless such entity has opted to be treated as an undertaking for 
collective investments in transferable securities (UCITS) recognised in accordance with the Council 
Directive 85/611/EEC, as replaced by the European Council Directive 2009/65/EC (as amended), or for the 
exchange of information regime) will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax 
will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her/its private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by 
the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, 
can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on interest payments made by paying agents located in a 
Member State other than Luxembourg or a member state of the European Economic Area.

--- Page 212 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
Taxation of Noteholders 
Taxation of Luxembourg resident individuals 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of managing their private wealth are 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of payments received under the Notes, 
except if (i) a final withholding tax has been levied on such payments or, (ii) where available, the 
Noteholder opts to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (see the above section "Withholding tax – 
Luxembourg resident individuals"). A gain realised by a Luxembourg resident individual Noteholder acting 
in the course of managing its private wealth, upon the sale or disposal of the Notes is not subject to 
Luxembourg income taxes provided that the sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance 
with the Relibi Law. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of managing a professional or business 
undertaking to which the holding of Notes is connected are required to include any remuneration received, 
as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in their taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes (including income tax levied at progressive rates and municipal business 
tax). For Luxembourg resident individuals receiving payments under the Notes as income from assets held 
in a professional capacity, the 20 per cent. withholding tax levied is credited against their final tax liability. 
The same tax treatment applies to non-resident Noteholders who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the holding of Notes is connected. 
Taxation of Luxembourg corporate residents 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders must include any payments received in connection with their holding 
of Notes and any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes in their taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes (including corporate income tax and municipal business tax). 
Taxation of Luxembourg corporate residents benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg corporate resident Noteholders that benefit from a special tax regime, including but not limited 
to (i) undertakings for collective investment subject to the law dated 17 December 2010 (as amended), (ii) 
specialised investment funds subject to the law dated 13 February 2007 (as amended), (iii) family wealth 
management companies subject to the law dated 11 May 2007 (as amended), and (iv) reserved alternative 
investment funds subject to the law dated 23 July 2016 and treated as a specialised investment fund for 
Luxembourg tax purposes, are exempt from income tax in Luxembourg and thus income derived from the 
Notes, as well as any gains realised thereon, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
Taxation of non-resident Noteholders 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have neither a permanent establishment nor a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the holding of Notes is connected are not liable for any 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal or other payments or realise capital 
gains upon the redemption, sale or exchange of any Notes.  
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the holding of Notes is connected are required to include 
any interest accrued or received under the Notes and any capital gain realised on the sale or disposal of the 
Notes in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Individuals 
Net wealth tax will not be levied on an individual Noteholder in respect of its holding of Notes, whether or 
not he/she is resident of Luxembourg.

--- Page 213 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
Corporations 
Corporate Luxembourg resident Noteholders or non-resident Noteholders which maintain a permanent 
establishment, fixed place of business or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the holding 
of Notes or any resulting income is connected, are subject to an annual Luxembourg net wealth tax on such 
Notes except if the Noteholder is (i) an undertaking for collective investment subject to the law dated 17 
December 2010 (as amended), (ii) a securitisation vehicle governed by the law dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation (as amended), (iii) a company governed by the law dated 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles (as amended), (iv) a specialised investment fund subject to the law dated 13 February 2007 (as 
amended), (v) a family wealth management company subject to the law dated 11 May 2007 (as amended), 
or (vi) a reserved alternative investment fund subject to the law dated 23 July 2016.  
Net wealth tax is levied at a 0.5 per cent. rate up to EUR 500 million taxable base and at a 0.05 per cent. 
rate on the taxable base in excess of EUR 500 million. Securitisation vehicles and investment companies 
in risk capital (Société d'investissement en capital à risque (SICAR)), a regulated structure designed for 
private equity and venture capital investments (organised as tax opaque companies), are subject to net 
wealth tax up to the amount of the minimum net wealth tax. 
The minimum net wealth tax is levied on companies having their statutory seat or central administration in 
Luxembourg. For entities for which the sum of fixed financial assets, receivables against related companies, 
transferable securities and cash at bank exceeds 90 per cent. of their total gross assets and EUR 350,000, 
the minimum net wealth tax is currently set at EUR 4,815. For all other companies having their statutory 
seat or central administration in Luxembourg which do not fall within the scope of the EUR 4,815 minimum 
net wealth tax, the minimum net wealth tax ranges from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100, depending on the 
company's total gross assets. 
Other taxes 
Registration taxes and stamp duties 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any such taxes be 
payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or repurchase of the Notes. There is no 
obligation to register the Notes in Luxembourg. However, a registration duty may apply (i) upon voluntary 
registration of the Notes in Luxembourg, (ii) if the Notes are attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un 
acte) that itself is subject to mandatory registration, or (iii) if the Notes are deposited in the minutes of a 
notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). 
Value added tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance 
of the Notes or in respect of payments made under the Notes or the transfer of the Notes. Luxembourg value 
added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, 
if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in 
Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to such 
services. Due to the activity of the Issuer, this value added tax could be a final cost. Foreign value added 
tax that might be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer may also be 
a final cost. 
Inheritance tax and gift tax 
No estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a Noteholder in cases 
where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg at the time of his death for inheritance tax purposes. 
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his death, the Notes are 
included in his taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. Gift tax may be due on a gift or 
donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg notarial deed or otherwise recorded in Luxembourg. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has developed a new global standard for 
the automatic exchange of financial information between tax authorities (the "CRS"). Luxembourg is a 
signatory jurisdiction to the CRS and the CRS has been implemented in Luxembourg via the law dated

--- Page 214 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
December 18, 2015, concerning the automatic exchange of information on financial accounts and tax 
matters and implementing the EU Directive 2014/107/EU. 
The regulations may impose obligations on the Issuer and the Noteholders, if the Issuer is considered as a 
Reporting Financial Institution (e.g. an Investment Entity) under the CRS, so that the latter could be 
required to conduct due diligence and obtain (among other things) confirmation of the tax residency, tax 
identification number and CRS classification of Noteholders in order to fulfil its own legal obligations. 
Further, the Noteholders have permitted the Issuer to share such information with the relevant taxing 
authority. 
Prospective Noteholders should contact their own tax advisers regarding the application of CRS to their 
particular circumstances. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate.  
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the Commission's proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 215 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Credit Suisse International, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, ING Bank N.V. and Société Générale (the 
"Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer 
to, and subscribed by, the Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 10 May 
2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers. If in the 
case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method 
of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-syndicated" and the name of that 
Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact 
of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche 
of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantors and more than one 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers 
to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and 
any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of 
the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and 
discharged from their obligations under any such agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantees have been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Accordingly, Notes and the Guarantees are being offered and sold only to non-US persons 
outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Subject to sub-clause (a) of the previous paragraph, each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the 
Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a

--- Page 216 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States (other than in accordance with the first paragraph under the 
heading "United States of America") by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Securities Law 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or

--- Page 217 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Guarantors; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of the Commonwealth 
of Australia (the "Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been, or will be, 
lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (unless the applicable Final Terms or another 
supplement to this Base Prospectus otherwise provides) it: 
(a)  
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not made or 
 
invited, and will not make or invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in or 
 
to the Commonwealth of Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person 
 
in the Commonwealth of Australia); and 
(b)  
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any 
 
other offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in the Commonwealth of Australia,  
 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or 
 
its equivalent in other currencies, in either case disregarding moneys lent by the offeror 
 
or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
 the offer or invitation is not made to a "retail client" as defined for the purposes of 
 
section 761G and 761GA of the Corporations Act; 
(iii)  
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives (including 
without limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Australian 
Corporations Act) in Australia; and 
(iv)  
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other 
 
regulatory authority in Australia. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Notes to the public, as defined in 
Article 4, 2 of the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment instruments to the public and 
the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as amended from time to time, 
(the “Belgian Prospectus Law”), save in those circumstances set out in Article 7, §1 and 10, §2-5 of the 
Belgian Prospectus Law, provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus or supplement thereto pursuant to Articles 7, §2 and 8 of the Belgian Prospectus Law 
or an information note (informatienota/note d’information) pursuant to Articles 10, §1 and 11 of the Belgian 
Prospectus Law.

--- Page 218 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
The offering is exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and therefore it has 
not been and will not be notified to, and this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes has not been and will not be approved by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority 
(Autorité des Services et marchés financiers / Autoriteit voor financiële diensten en markten).  
 
This Base Prospectus has been issued to the intended recipients for personal use only and exclusively for 
the purpose of the offering of Notes. Accordingly, the information contained herein may not be used for 
any other purpose nor disclosed to any other person in Belgium. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless, as applicable, 
in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act No. 2014 of 1 November 2021 
on Capital Markets, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time and any Executive Orders 
issued thereunder, including the Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i)  
Offer to the public in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period 
beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") of the 
approval of the prospectus relating to those Notes by the competent authority of a Member State 
of the European Economic Area, other than the AMF, all in accordance with articles L.412-1 and 
L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement general of the AMF and 
ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus; or  
(ii)         Private placement in France:  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in 
France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will 
be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management 
for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de 
portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for 
their own account, and/or (c) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own 
account, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, D. 411-1 and D. 411-
4 of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and any further Dealer appointed under the programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), as amended, or 
any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, offering, sale and 
distribution of securities.

--- Page 219 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and  
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of any Notes issued under the Programme has not been registered with the Commissione 
Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act"), Article 34, first paragraph, of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 ("Regulation No. 11971") and applicable Italian laws, each as amended 
from time to time. 
Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or 
distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must be:  
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") (in each case, as amended from time to time) 
and any other applicable laws or regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy issued on 25 August 2015, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of 
Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in the Republic of Italy or by 
Italian persons outside of the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or 
distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic

--- Page 220 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
of Italy will be made in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Japan 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not circulated or made available, and will not circulate or make 
available, this Base Prospectus or any offer for subscription, sale or exchange of the Notes in Jersey except 
in accordance with all relevant legal and regulatory requirements of Jersey law. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, 
directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a 
member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation 
is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon 
Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first 
holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form 
between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer 
and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes 
(either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any 
particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course 
of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
Norway 
The Notes have not been registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary (the "VPS"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner within Norway or in any other circumstance 
which would require the Notes to be registered with the VPS pursuant to Norwegian law and regulations. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and 
guidelines applicable to the offering of Notes within Norway or to or for the account or benefit of persons 
domiciled in or citizens of Norway. 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, the Notes to the public within the territory of the Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") unless:

--- Page 221 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
(a) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") pursuant to part II of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019, on prospectuses for securities, 
which applies the Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law") if Luxembourg is 
the home Member State as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
CSSF and the European Securities and Markets Authority have been provided by the competent 
authority in the home Member State with a certificate of approval attesting that a prospectus in 
relation to the Notes has been duly approved in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
with a copy of that prospectus; or 
(c) 
the offer of Notes benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the 
requirement to publish a prospectus or similar document under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act and its 
subordinate decrees and regulations (collectively, the "FSCMA"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea except as otherwise permitted 
under the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and regulations (collectively, the “FETL”). Without prejudice 
to the foregoing, the number of the Notes offered in Korea or to a resident in Korea shall be less than fifty, 
and for a period of one year from the Issue Date of the Notes, none of the Notes may be divided resulting 
in an increased number of the Notes. Furthermore, the Notes may not be resold to Korean residents unless 
the purchaser of the Notes complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited 
to government reporting requirements under the FETL) in connection with the purchase of the Notes. 
People's Republic of China 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that the Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such 
case directly or indirectly in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, 
the "PRC") in contravention of any applicable laws.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC.  
Each of the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, it is not the Dealers intention and no action has been taken by the 
Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. 
Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Republic of China (Taiwan) 
Unless the offer of the Notes has been and will be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission 
or other regulatory authorities or agencies of Taiwan, the Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities 
laws and regulation, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes, if not listed on the Taipei Exchange, 
may be made available: (i) to Taiwan resident investors outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors 
outside Taiwan; (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units of Taiwan banks (“OBU”), the Offshore Securities Units 
of Taiwan securities firms (“OSU”) or the Offshore Insurance Unit of Taiwan insurance companies (“OIU”) 
purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account or for the accounts of their non-Taiwan clients or

--- Page 222 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
for re-sale to qualifying Taiwan and non-Taiwan investors (“OBU/OSU/OIU Channel Sales”); and/or (iii) 
to investors in Taiwan through certain licensed Taiwan financial institutions to the extent permitted under 
relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, but may not, otherwise be offered, sold or resold in Taiwan.  
To the extent the Notes are offered to non-Taiwan clients via OBU/OSU/OIU Channel Sales, the relevant 
offering documents provided to such clients shall contain the following notification:  
"The Notes offered herein have not been reviewed or approved by the Taiwan authorities and are not 
subject to any filing or reporting requirement. The Notes are only permitted to be recommended or 
introduced to or purchased by clients of an OBU/OSU/OIU which clients reside outside Taiwan Clients of 
an OBU/OSU/OIU are not eligible to use the financial consumer dispute resolution mechanism under the 
Taiwan Financial Consumer Protection Law." 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that no documents in connection with the offer of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
this Base Prospectus) have been registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, to the Issuer and the Guarantors that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A(1)(a) of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one 
or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
the securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 223 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
Spain 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been or will be registered with the Spanish Securities 
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). The Notes may not be offered, sold or 
distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in compliance with the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the consolidated text of the Spanish Securities Market Law 
approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de 
octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended, and 
further developing legislation. No publicity or marketing of any kind shall be made in Spain in relation to 
the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not and will not direct or make any offer of the Notes to investors 
located in Spain. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to undertake and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland.   
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") other than in compliance with any laws 
applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the 
Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") Rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any Drawdown 
Prospectus or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Drawdown Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any Drawdown Prospectus or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be

--- Page 224 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.

--- Page 225 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The 2023 updating of the Programme was authorised by written resolution of the board of directors 
of the Issuer passed on 13 April 2023. The 2023 updating of the Programme was duly authorised 
by the respective directors of TGPL and TPTE under the resolutions of their respective boards of 
directors dated 13 April 2023 (in the case of TGPL) and 12 April 2023 (in the case of TPTE), and 
by the managing member of TTL under the written consent of the managing member dated 12 
April 2023. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Notes and the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
Listing Agent 
2. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
Aside from the legal proceedings against Mr Prateek Gupta and the companies suspected to be 
involved in the fraud outlined in the risk factor "Due to the nature of its business and operations, 
Trafigura is exposed to the risks of fraud and corruption", there are no other governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of 
which the Issuer or the Guarantors are aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer or the Guarantors or their subsidiaries. 
Material Change in Prospects 
4. 
Since 30 September 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, 
the Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries. 
Significant Change in Financial or Trading Position 
5. 
Since 30 September 2022 (the date of the Group’s last published audited consolidated financial 
statements) there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position 
of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
6. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 
September 2021 have been audited without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers SA, avenue 
Giuseppe-Motta 50, CH-1211 Geneva 2, Switzerland, independent auditors, as stated in the 
respective auditors' reports, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 
2021 have been audited without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, 2, 
rue Gerhard Mercator, L-1014 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, independent auditors, 
as stated in the respective auditors' reports, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
8. 
For the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the auditor of TTL was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA, Geneva Branch whose registered office is at avenue Giuseppe-Motta 
50, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland. 
9. 
For the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the auditor of TPTE was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who registered office is at 7 Straits View, Marina One, East Tower, 
Level 12, Singapore 018936.

--- Page 226 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
 
Documents on Display 
10. 
Electronic copies of the following documents (together, if necessary, with English translations 
thereof) will, when published, be available for inspection from (in respect of (a) below) 
https://www.trafigura.com/financials/ and https://www.trafigura.com/resource-centre/publications 
(in respect of (b) to (e) below) for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Group Annual Reports; 
(b) 
the Paying Agency Agreement;  
(c) 
 the Trust Deed; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms to this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
Electronic copies of the following documents (together, if necessary, with English translations 
thereof) will, when published, be available for inspection from the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p422%7C25294/documents) for 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
 the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
 the constitutive documents of the Guarantors; and 
(c) 
 the Issuer Financial Statements.  
Clearing of the Notes 
12. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
13. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
14. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.

--- Page 227 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
The Legal Entity Identifiers 
15. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300IDCRNFW0C0TJ66. 
16. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. is 549300HJ8VS88NIO3006. 
17. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Trafigura Trading LLC is 5493007VXQNREL92V435.  
18. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Trafigura Pte Ltd is 549300Z2X1L1L3MID765.

--- Page 228 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Trafigura Funding S.A. 
7 rue Robert Stümper 
2557 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE GUARANTORS 
 
Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. 
10 Collyer Quay  
#29-01/05 Ocean Financial Centre 
Singapore 049315 
Singapore 
Trafigura Trading LLC 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington New Castle County 
Delaware 19801 
United States 
 
Trafigura Pte Ltd 
10 Collyer Quay  
#29-01/05 Ocean Financial Centre 
Singapore 049315 
Singapore 
 
ARRANGER 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 229 ---
TRUSTEE 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer and the 
Guarantors 
as to English and Delaware 
law: 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as 
to English law: 
 
Duane Morris 
Citypoint, 16th Floor 
One Ropemaket Street 
London EC2Y 9AW 
United Kingdom 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street  
London E14 5JJ  
United Kingdom 
 
 
To the Issuer and Guarantors 
as to Singapore law 
Duane Morris & Selvam LLP 
16 Collyer Quay, Singapore 
049318 
 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors 
as to Luxembourg law: 
Pinsent Masons Luxembourg 
69, Boulevard de la Pétrusse 
L-2320 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO  
THE COMPANY 
LISTING AGENT 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SA 
avenue Giuseppe-Motta 50 
CH-1211 Geneva 2 
Switzerland 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange, 
George's Dock, 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland