--- Page 1 ---
A50382912 
 
Transmission Finance DAC 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Ireland with registered number 568526) 
€10,000,000,000 
Multicurrency programme for the issuance of Bonds 
with proceeds to be lent to  
Caruna Networks Oy 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland with registered number 2584904-3) 
Transmission Finance DAC (the “Issuer”) has established a multicurrency programme for the issuance of bonds (the “Bonds”) from time 
to time denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only 
approves the Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Bonds that are the subject 
of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds. Application has been 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Bonds issued under the €10,000,000,000 
multicurrency programme (the “Programme”) during the period of 12 months after the date hereof, to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list (the “Official List”) of Euronext Dublin. References in this Prospectus to 
Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Bonds are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market and are intended to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
“MiFID II”). The Programme provides that Bonds may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Bonds.  
This Prospectus will be valid for a year from 25 May 2023. The obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, “valid” means 
valid for making offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the Issuer and the obligation 
to supplement the Prospectus is only required within its period of validity between the time when the Prospectus is approved and the 
closing of the offer period for the Bonds or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later. The Bonds may 
be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under Chapter 4 (“The Parties”) and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the “Relevant Dealer”, in the case of an issue of Bonds 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, shall be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe to such Bonds. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Bond (as defined below) will be exchangeable for Permanent Global Bonds or definitive securities 
in bearer form as more fully described in Chapter 10 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”) under “Forms, Denomination and 
Title”. 
See Chapter 2 (“Risk Factors”) for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Bonds. 
 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
NatWest Markets 
SEB 
Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2023

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
ELECTRONIC NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS 
IN THE UNITED STATES. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to the 
Prospectus attached to this electronic transmission and you are therefore advised to read this disclaimer 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of this Prospectus. In accessing this Prospectus, 
you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time 
you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE BONDS OF THE ISSUER IN THE UNITED STATES OR 
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN, 
AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OR “BLUE SKY” LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE BONDS MAY 
INCLUDE BEARER BONDS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. THE 
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF BEARER BONDS, 
DELIVERED, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)), 
EXCEPT IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL 
SECURITIES LAWS. THE FOLLOWING PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR 
DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER 
WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO 
ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS 
DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS 
DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
This Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this 
Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located 
and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Prospectus electronically or otherwise to any other 
person. In order to be eligible to view this Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the 
securities, investors must not be U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation S). This Prospectus is being 
sent at your request and, by accessing this Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have confirmed and represented 
to us that: (i) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) you consent to delivery of this 
Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto by electronic transmission; (iii) you are not a U.S. person 
(within the meaning of Regulation S) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. person (within the meaning 
of Regulation S) and the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this email has been 
delivered is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including, but not limited to, Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or the 
District of Columbia; and (iv) if you are a person in the United Kingdom, you are a person who: (A) has 
professional experience in matters relating to investments; or (B) is a high net worth entity falling within 
Articles 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or a 
certified high net worth individual within Article 48 of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the 
offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V., Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any Affiliate of any of the above is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, 
the offering shall be deemed to be made by BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V. or Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) or such Affiliate on behalf of Transmission Finance DAC in such jurisdiction. 
This Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via 
this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none 
of Transmission Finance DAC or any of BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V., Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) (nor any person who controls any of them respectively or any director, officer, employee or agent 
of any of them respectively or Affiliate of any such person) accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever 
in respect of any difference between the Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy 
version available to you on request from BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V. or Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ). 
If you receive this Prospectus by email, you should not reply by email to this announcement, and you may not 
purchase any securities by doing so. 
If you receive this Prospectus by email, your use of this email is at your own risk and it is your responsibility 
to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, from time 
to time issue Bonds in bearer and/or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Bonds” and “Registered Bonds”). 
Copies of each of the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) will be available in electronic 
form 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/22315/documents, provided that, in the case of Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies 
of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Bondholders. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject 
to increase from time to time. 
Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest (if any) payable, the Issue Price (as defined in the Glossary 
of Defined Terms) and any other conditions not contained herein, which are applicable to each Series (all as 
defined below) will be set forth in a final terms (the “Final Terms”) or a drawdown prospectus (the 
“Drawdown Prospectus”) which, in the case of Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to 
the Central Bank and filed with Euronext Dublin on or before the relevant date of issue of the Bonds of such 
Tranche. 
Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series of 
Bonds may be Fixed Rate, Floating Rate or Index-Linked Bonds and may be denominated in sterling, euro or 
U.S. dollars (or in other currencies subject to compliance with applicable laws). Bonds may be issued in one 
or more tranches (each a “Tranche”), the specific terms of each Tranche being identical in all respects, save 
for the issue dates, interest commencement dates and/or issue prices, to the terms of the other Bonds of such 
Tranches. 
The Bonds are expected on issue to have the following credit ratings:

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
 
 
BBB 
 
 
In general, European and United Kingdom (the “UK”) regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Community or the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or the 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) as applicable. The credit ratings included or referred to in this 
Prospectus will be treated for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation as having been issued by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Ltd (“Fitch”). Each of Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s is a credit rating agency 
established and operating in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. For the 
purposes of the UK CRA Regulation, the credit rating issued by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, and Fitch Ratings Ltd respectively, which are credit rating agencies 
established in the UK and registered by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Bonds will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Ratings ascribed to all of the Bonds reflect only the views of the Rating Agencies. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by any one or all of the Rating Agencies. A suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Bonds may adversely affect the market price of such 
Bonds. 
The European Securities and Market Association (“ESMA”) is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/, a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation and the FCA maintains on its website, www.fca.org.uk, a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. These lists are updated after the adoption by ESMA or the FCA, 
respectively, of any decisions to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively. However, such lists are not conclusive evidence of the 
status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated list. 
Each Series of Bonds in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global bond in bearer form 
(each a “Temporary Global Bond”) or a permanent global bond in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global 
Bond”). If the Global Bonds are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global bond (“NGB”) 
form, the Global Bonds will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds 
to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Bonds in registered form will be represented by 
registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Bondholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Bonds of one Series. Registered Bonds issued in global form will be represented 
by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Bonds to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Global Bonds which are not issued in NGB form (“Classic Global Bonds” or “CGBs”) and Global Certificates 
which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds with a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
In relation to any issue of Bonds which are issued in bearer form and will be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Bonds in circumstances other than in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Bond (whereby such Definitive Bearer Bonds shall not be 
listed on a stock exchange within the European Economic Area or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) 
can have access), such Bonds may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. 
In the case of any Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue of the relevant 
Bonds). 
However, it should be noted that there is no restriction in the Terms and Conditions on issuing Bonds with a 
Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Bond Trustee that Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Conditions (as defined below), in which event (in the case of Bonds admitted to the 
Official List only) a Drawdown Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Bonds.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This prospectus (the “Prospectus”) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Caruna Group which, according to 
the particular nature of the Issuer and the Bonds, is necessary information which is material to investors making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. The Caruna Group accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in the following chapters of this Prospectus: (i) Chapter 7 
(“Description of the Caruna Group”), (ii) Chapter 8  (“Selected Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which the 
Caruna Group is Subject”) and (iii) Chapter 9 (“Selected Financial Overview of the Caruna Group”). To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Caruna Group the information contained in this Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission of anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Where information has been indicated to have been sourced from a third party, the Issuer and the Caruna Group 
confirm that this information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer and the Caruna Group 
are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The attached document is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic 
Area who are “Qualified Investors” (within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (as 
amended or superseded) (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)). In addition, in the United Kingdom, the attached 
document is being distributed only to and is directed only at Qualified Investors within the meaning of Article 
2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”): (a) who are persons who have professional experience in matters relating 
to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Order”); or (b) who are high net worth entities falling within Article 
49 of the Order, and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated under the Order (all 
such persons together referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which the 
document relates is available only to: (i) in the United Kingdom, relevant persons; and (ii) in any member state 
of the European Economic Area, Qualified Investors, and will be engaged in only with such persons. In the 
case of any Securities being offered to a financial intermediary in member states of the European Economic 
Area or the United Kingdom as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation respectively, such financial intermediary will also be deemed to have represented, 
acknowledged and agreed that the Securities acquired by it in the offer have not been acquired on a non-
discretionary basis on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, any person 
in circumstances which may give rise to an offer of any Securities to the public other than their offer or resale 
in a relevant member state to Qualified Investors as so defined or in circumstances in which the prior consent 
of the Dealers has been obtained to each such proposed offer or resale. 
Copies of each set of Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (in the case of Bonds to be admitted to the Official 
List) will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. The 
contents of this website, other than copies of those documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, 
are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Prospectus. See also Chapter 18 (“General 
Information”) for more details. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see Chapter 3 (“Documents Incorporated by Reference”)).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Bonds to fulfil 
environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have 
not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligibility Criteria and the Green Finance 
Framework, any verification of whether or not the Green Bonds or Eligible Green Projects will satisfy such 
environmental and sustainability criteria as may be relevant, or monitor the proposed use of proceeds and 
makes no representation as to the suitability of the Green Finance Second Opinion. Investors should refer to 
Caruna Network’s website, the Green Finance Framework and the Green Finance Second Opinion issued by 
the External Review Provider for further information. The External Review Provider has been appointed by 
the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Green Finance Framework, Caruna Network’s website or 
the Green Finance Second Opinion form part of this Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make representations other than the information 
or the representations contained in this Prospectus in connection with the Issuer, or the offering or sale of the 
Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee. Neither the 
delivery of this Prospectus nor any offering or sale of Bonds made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, constitute a representation or create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of the Issuer since the date hereof. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all information in this Prospectus is given 
on the date of this Prospectus. This document does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any of the Bonds. 
Save for the Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein (other than, in 
respect of the Caruna Group, the information in Chapters 7 (“Description of the Caruna Group”), 8 (“Selected 
Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which the Caruna Group is Subject”) and 9 (“Selected Financial Overview of 
the Caruna Group”)). Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any party (other than the Issuer) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Bonds or their distribution (other than in respect of the Caruna Group, the information in Chapters 7 
(“Description of the Caruna Group”), 8  (“Selected Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which the Caruna Group 
is Subject”) and 9 (“Selected Financial Overview of the Caruna Group”)). The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibilities of the Issuer. Each person receiving this Prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on any Dealer, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee or the Security 
Trustee or any other party in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or 
any other party named in this Prospectus takes responsibility to investors for the regulatory treatment of their 
investment in the Bonds (including but not limited to whether any transaction or transactions pursuant to which 
Bonds are issued from time to time is or will be regarded as constituting either an issuance of “asset-backed 
securities” under U.S. securities laws or a “securitisation” as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 (the “EU Securitisation Regulation”) or the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK Securitisation Regulation”) in any jurisdiction or by any regulatory authority. It should 
also be noted that changes to the regulatory capital requirements have been implemented for insurance and 
reinsurance undertakings such as the framework in Solvency II (Directive 2009/138/EC, as amended by 
Directive 2014/51/EU). 
If the regulatory treatment of an investment in the Bonds is relevant to an investor’s decision whether or not to 
invest, the investor should make its own determination as to such treatment and for this purpose seek 
professional advice and consult its regulator.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Bonds shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other 
party expressly undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
when deciding whether or not to purchase any Bonds. 
This Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other 
party that any recipient of this Prospectus should purchase any of the Bonds. 
Each person contemplating making an investment in the Bonds must make its own investigation and analysis 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, its own determination of the suitability of any such investment with 
particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience and any other factors which may be 
relevant to it in connection with such investment. A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to 
the risks involved in investing in the Bonds should consult independent professional advisers. Any prospective 
Bondholder should take its own legal, financial, accounting, tax and other relevant advice as to the structure 
and viability of its investment. 
THE BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND THE 
BONDS MAY INCLUDE BEARER BONDS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. 
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE BONDS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR, IN THE 
CASE OF BEARER BONDS, DELIVERED, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)). 
THE BONDS ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. 
PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND CERTAIN 
FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF BONDS AND DISTRIBUTION 
OF THIS PROSPECTUS SEE CHAPTER 17 (“SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”). 
THE BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR 
ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES 
PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF BONDS OR THE ACCURACY 
OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 
1940, AS AMENDED (THE “INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT”). THE ISSUER WILL BE RELYING ON 
AN EXCLUSION OR EXEMPTION FROM THE DEFINITION OF “INVESTMENT COMPANY” 
CONTAINED IN SECTION 3(C)(1) OR 3(C)(7) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, ALTHOUGH 
THERE MAY BE ADDITIONAL STATUTORY OR REGULATORY EXCLUSIONS OR EXEMPTIONS 
AVAILABLE TO THE ISSUER. THE ISSUER IS OF THE VIEW THAT THE BONDS DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE “OWNERSHIP INTERESTS” IN A “COVERED FUND” FOR PURPOSES OF THE FINAL 
RULES IMPLEMENTING SECTION 13 OF THE BANK HOLDING COMPANY ACT OF 1956, AS

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
ADDED BY SECTION 619 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL STREET REFORM AND CONSUMER 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2010, COMMONLY KNOWN AS THE “VOLCKER RULE”.  
This Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the Central Bank as required by the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Bonds. Any investment 
in the Bonds does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection 
scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering, sale or delivery of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, and the 
Dealers, to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds and on distribution of this Prospectus, see Chapter 17 
(“Subscription and Sale”). This Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an 
offer to or solicitation by any person to subscribe or purchase any Bonds in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. All references herein to 
“€”, “euro”, “EUR” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, 
from time to time, all references to “pounds”, “sterling”, “Sterling”, “GBP” or “£” are to the lawful currency 
of the United Kingdom and all references to “$”, “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “dollars” are to the 
lawful currency of the United States of America. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore, offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) in 
respect of any Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) 
in respect of any Bonds will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook ("UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of each of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”) and the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Bonds is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules and/or the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Bonds, a Dealer (if any) disclosed as the 
stabilising manager in the applicable Drawdown Prospectus or any person acting for him may over-allot 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Bonds of the Series of which such 
Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no 
assurance that the stabilising manager or any agent of his will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Bonds and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment shall be conducted by the relevant stabilising manager or any person acting for him in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Green Finance Second Opinion 
In connection with the issue of sustainability-linked bonds or “Green Bonds” under the Programme, the Issuer 
may request a provider of second-party opinions to issue a Green Finance Second Opinion (as defined in the 
Risk Factor: “Bonds issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure 
to green assets”). Each Green Finance Second Opinion will be accessible through Caruna Networks’ website 
at: https://www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation. However any information on, or accessible through, Caruna 
Network’s website (https://caruna.fi) and the information in such Green Finance Second Opinion is not part of 
this Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect 
to any Bonds to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the 
Issuer, any other member of the Caruna Group, the Dealers or the second party opinion providers as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in 
connection with the offering of any Green Bonds under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Prospectus. 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and will not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) dated 
28 February 2013, as amended from time to time (the “Belgian Code of Economic Law”). 
Amounts payable under the Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the “EU BMR”).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission of the Bonds to the Official List and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, that, if any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus arises or is noted which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Bonds whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional 
advisers, and would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Prospectus, for the purpose of making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish 
a replacement prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Bonds and will 
supply to each Dealer and the Bond Trustee such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement 
prospectus as such Dealer and Bond Trustee may reasonably request. The Issuer will also supply to the Central 
Bank such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement prospectus as may be required by the 
Central Bank and will make copies available, free of charge, on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents. If the terms of the Programme are 
modified or amended in a manner which would make this Prospectus, as so modified or amended, inaccurate 
or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Prospectus as required by Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Bonds to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, shall constitute a supplemental prospectus 
as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in 
a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In the following paragraphs, the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Bonds, the necessary information which is material to investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the 
Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Bonds 
which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Bonds which is not known at the date of this 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Bonds. 
Any information relating to the Bonds which is not included in this Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Bonds will be contained in the relevant Final 
Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final Terms unless 
any such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this 
Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the necessary information in relation to the 
Bonds, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer and 
the Bond Trustee that Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions (as defined below), 
in which event (in the case of Bonds admitted to the Official List only) a Drawdown Prospectus will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Bonds. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted 
by a single document containing the necessary information. 
For a Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
CHAPTER 1 OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................15 
CHAPTER 2 RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................26 
CHAPTER 3  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................61 
CHAPTER 4 THE PARTIES ...........................................................................................................................64 
CHAPTER 5 OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCING STRUCTURE .................................................................67 
CHAPTER 6 DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................70 
CHAPTER 7 DESCRIPTION OF THE CARUNA GROUP ...........................................................................71 
CHAPTER 8 SELECTED ASPECTS OF FINNISH REGULATION TO WHICH THE CARUNA GROUP IS 
SUBJECT ..............................................................................................................................................103 
CHAPTER 9 SELECTED FINANCIAL OVERVIEW OF THE CARUNA GROUP ....................................127 
CHAPTER 10 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS ...................................................................131 
CHAPTER 11 FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................174 
CHAPTER 12 PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .......................187 
CHAPTER 13 USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................189 
CHAPTER 14 SUMMARY OF THE ISSUER FINANCE DOCUMENTS ..................................................190 
CHAPTER 15 SUMMARY OF THE BORROWER COMMON FINANCE DOCUMENTS AND THE 
BORROWER FINANCE DOCUMENTS .............................................................................................207 
CHAPTER 16 TAX CONSIDERATIONS .....................................................................................................243 
CHAPTER 17 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...............................................................................................246 
CHAPTER 18 GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................253 
CHAPTER 19 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS .....................................................................................259

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
CHAPTER 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of the Bonds, the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. Words and expressions not defined in this section shall have the same meanings as 
defined in Chapter 10 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). 
Description 
Programme for the issuance of Bonds by the Issuer and on-loan 
of the proceeds to the Borrower. 
Programme Size 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein) aggregate nominal amount of 
Bonds outstanding at any time subject to increase as provided 
for in the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series 
Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme have been and 
will be issued in Series. Series can be issued in one or more 
Tranches, the specific terms of each Tranche of Bonds being 
identical in all respects, save for the issue dates, interest 
commencement dates and/or issue prices, to the terms of the 
other Tranches of such Series. The specific terms of each 
Tranche of Bonds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Issue Dates 
The date on which Bonds are first issued under the Programme 
and thereafter, the date of issue of a Tranche of Bonds as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
(each an “Issue Date”). 
Distribution 
Bonds have been and may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply has been and will only be issued 
in circumstances in which such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements are complied with from 
time to time, including the restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Prospectus. See Chapter 17 (“Subscription and Sale”). 
Currencies 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer. 
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the Relevant Currency 
(as defined in the Conditions).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Bonds with a maturity of less than one year: 
Where the Issuer wishes to issue Bonds with a maturity of less 
than one year, it shall ensure that the Bonds are issued in full 
compliance with the conditions set out in Notice BSD C 01/02 
dated 12 November 2002 (as amended from time to time) 
issued 
by the Central Bank pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank 
Act, 1971 (as amended) of Ireland, including that the Bonds 
comply with, inter alia, the following criteria: 
(a) at the time of issue, the Bonds must be backed by assets 
to at least 100 per cent. of the value of the Bonds issued; 
(b) at the time of issue, the Bonds must be rated at least 
investment grade by one or more recognised rating 
agencies, based on the definitions set out in the Central 
Bank Implementation Notice for credit institutions (BSD 
S 2/00 of 30 June 2000) of the EU directive on the capital 
adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions; 
(c) the Bonds must be issued and transferable in minimum 
denominations of €300,000 or the foreign currency 
equivalent; 
(d) the Bonds carry the title “Commercial Paper” (unless 
constituted under the laws of a country other than Ireland 
and, under those laws, the commercial paper carries a 
different title in which case it must carry such title) and 
must identify the issuer by name; 
(e) it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Bonds and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and 
the initial investor in the Bonds that they are issued in 
accordance with an exemption granted by the Central 
Bank under Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971 of 
Ireland (as amended); 
(f) 
it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Bonds and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and 
the initial investor in the Bonds that the investment does 
not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the 
scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the 
Central Bank and that the Issuer is not regulated by the 
Central Bank arising from the issue of the Bonds; and 
(g) any issue of Bonds which is guaranteed must carry a 
statement to the effect that it is guaranteed and identify the 
guarantor by name. 
Issue Price 
Bonds have been and will be issued on a fully paid basis and 
may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Interest 
Bonds are, and will be unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, interest-bearing and 
interest is or will be calculated (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined in the Conditions) of 
such Bond. Interest accrues or will accrue at a fixed or floating 
rate (plus, in the case of Index-Linked Bonds, amounts in 
respect of indexation) and is or will be payable in arrear, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Interest is or will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction (as defined in the Conditions) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Form of Bonds 
Each Series of Bonds will be issued in bearer or registered form 
as described in Chapter 10 (“Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds”). Registered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Bonds. 
Fixed Rate Bonds 
Fixed Rate Bonds bear or will bear interest at a fixed rate of 
interest payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer and on redemption, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Floating Rate Bonds 
Floating Rate Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the Relevant Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions (each as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Bonds of the relevant Series) as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus; 
or 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service (being 
EURIBOR or such other reference rate as may be 
specified in a Drawdown Prospectus). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Bonds. 
Index-Linked Bonds 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Index-Linked 
Bonds (including Limited Index-Linked Bonds as defined in 
Condition 7(a) (Definitions)) are or may be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Indexation) by reference to the 
Finnish Consumer Price Index.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Interest payment dates will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Redemption 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(a) (Redemption by 
Instalments and Final Redemption), unless previously 
redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in Condition 8 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options):  
(a) each Bond that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified thereon; and 
(b) each Bond shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified thereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided thereon, is its nominal amount) 
or, in the case of a Bond falling within paragraph (a) 
above, its final Instalment Amount. 
Redemption for Index Event, Taxation 
or Other Reasons 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(c) (Redemption for 
Index Events), upon the occurrence of any Index Event, the 
Issuer may, upon giving not more than 15 nor fewer than five 
Business Days’ prior written notice to the Bond Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, the other Issuer Secured Creditors and the 
holders of the Index-Linked Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Index-Linked Bonds on any Interest Payment Date at the 
Principal Amount Outstanding (adjusted for Indexation) plus 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(d) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), if: (i) the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee 
(upon which certification the Bond Trustee shall rely absolutely 
and without enquiry or liability) that it has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 
10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Ireland or any political subdivision or, in 
each case, any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Bonds; and (ii) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, then the Issuer may, upon giving not less than 
five Business Days nor more than 15 Business Days’ notice to 
the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption 
Amount, redeem the Bonds in whole, but not in part, on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Bond is either a Floating Rate 
Bond or an Index-Linked Bond) or at any time (if this Bond is 
neither a Floating Rate Bond nor an Index-Linked Bond).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(e) (Early 
Redemption on prepayment of the IBLA), if the Borrower gives 
notice to the Issuer under the IBLA that it intends to prepay all 
or part of any IBLA Loan or the Borrower is required to prepay 
all or part of any IBLA Loan, the Issuer shall, on giving not less 
than five Business Days’ nor more than 15 Business Days’ 
notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
redeem all of the Bonds of the corresponding Series or Tranche 
or (where part only of the IBLA Loan is being prepaid) the 
proportion of the relevant Series or Tranche of Bonds which the 
proposed prepayment amount bears to the amount of the 
relevant IBLA Loan at the Borrower Early Redemption Amount 
plus accrued but unpaid interest. 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(f) (Redemption due 
to receipt of Borrower Enforcement Proceeds under the IBLA), 
if the Issuer receives Borrower Enforcement Proceeds as a 
result of enforcement of the Borrower Security by the Borrower 
Security Trustee and Borrower Secured Creditors, the Issuer 
will, on giving not less than five Business Days’ nor more than 
15 Business Days’ notice to the Bondholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) redeem pro rata all of the Bonds then 
outstanding on any Business Day from and excluding the Issue 
Date up to and including the relevant Maturity Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Borrower 
Enforcement Redemption Amount plus accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(g) (Redemption due 
to Receipt of Equity Cure Amount under the IBLA), where 
Equity Cure Prepayment is specified as applying in the relevant 
Final Terms, upon the receipt by the Issuer of any Equity Cure 
Amount as a result of the prepayment of any IBLA Loan arising 
from the provision of any additional equity to cure a breach of 
any financial ratio set out in the Borrower Common Terms 
Agreement, the Issuer will, on giving not less than five 
Business Days’ nor more than 15 Business Days’ notice to the 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the 
proportion of the relevant Series or Tranche of Bonds which the 
Equity Cure Amount bears to the amount of the relevant IBLA 
Loan at the Equity Cure Redemption Amount plus accrued but 
unpaid interest. 
As more particularly set out in Condition 8(h) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) the Issuer may, having given not less 
than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Bond Trustee 
and relevant Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), redeem all or only some of the following: 
(a) Floating Rate Bonds; 
(b) Euro Bonds;

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
(c) U.S. Dollar Bonds; and 
(d) Index-Linked Bonds, 
then outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and 
excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant;  
(e) Floating Rate Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus any premium for early 
redemption in certain years (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) plus any accrued but 
unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding; or  
(f) 
Euro Bond Maturity Date at the Optional Euro Bond 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro 
Bonds; or 
(g) U.S. Dollar Bonds Maturity Date at the Optional U.S. 
Dollar Bond Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant U.S. Dollar Bonds; or 
(h) Index-Linked Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal 
Amount Outstanding (plus any premium for early 
redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus 
any accrued but unpaid interest up to and including the 
date of redemption (in each case, as adjusted in 
accordance with Condition 7(b) (Application of the Index 
Ratio). 
Denomination of Bonds 
Bonds have been and will be issued in such denominations as 
have been or may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer save that: (i) in the case of any Bonds which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be 
£100,000, €100,000, U.S.$200,000 or not less than the 
equivalent of €100,000 in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Bonds; and (ii) in any other case, the 
minimum Specified Denomination of each Bond will be such 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulation 
applicable to the Relevant Currency. The “Specified 
Denomination” will be specified in the Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus (see the definition of “Certain 
Restrictions” above). However, it should be noted that there is 
no restriction in the Terms and Conditions on issuing Bonds 
with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 (or 
equivalent).

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Bonds, the Receipts and Coupons shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation). 
Status of the Bonds 
The Bonds and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (if 
any) are direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, are 
secured in the manner described in Condition 4 (Security) and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
Issuer Covenants 
The following covenants, among others, will be given by the 
Issuer: 
 
(a) negative pledge; 
(b) no subsidiaries, employees or offices; 
(c) no activities other than those contemplated in the Issuer 
Finance Documents; 
(d) no disposal of assets other than pursuant to the terms of 
the Issuer Finance Documents; 
(e) that it will maintain the appointment of independent 
directors provided by the Administrator to sit on the Board 
of the Issuer (subject to a reasonable period to appoint any 
replacement); and 
(f) 
no borrowings other than pursuant to the terms of the 
Issuer Finance Documents. 
Further, the Issuer has agreed that any other information, 
including those set out in Part 2 (Information covenants) of 
Schedule 2 (Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the 
Borrower Common Terms Agreement, to which the Issuer as 
the IBLA Creditor is entitled thereunder, shall be supplied or 
disclosed to each Issuer Secured Creditor (or each Issuer 
Secured Creditor Representative, as applicable) within five 
Business Days upon receipt of such information. 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events of default (as more fully set out in 
Schedule 3 (Issuer Events of Default) to the Issuer STID) will 
apply to the Bonds (subject to grace periods and materiality 
thresholds customary for insolvency remote issuers): 
(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount 
payable by it under the Issuer Finance Documents in the 
manner required under such documents unless: (a) its 
failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical 
error or a Disruption Event; and (b) payment is made 
within three Business Days of the due date; 
(b) the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its other obligations in the Authorised Issuer Debt 
Agreement which default is incapable of remedy or, if in 
the opinion of the Issuer Security Trustee capable of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
remedy, is not in the opinion of the Issuer Security Trustee 
remedied within 20 Business Days after notice of such 
default has been given to the Issuer by the Issuer Security 
Trustee; 
(c) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for 
or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any 
default, event of default or the like (howsoever described); 
(d) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case 
may be, within any originally applicable grace period; 
(e) the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it 
under any present or future indemnity in respect of any 
moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate 
amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned in paragraphs (c) and (d) above have occurred 
which equals or exceeds EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer Security Trustee); 
(f) 
the Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court 
to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, 
stops or suspends payment of all or a material part of (or 
of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect 
of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared 
in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a 
particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, or any analogous 
proceeding in any jurisdiction; 
(g) an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, or the Issuer 
ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, or any analogous proceedings in any 
jurisdiction, in each case except for the purpose of and 
followed 
by 
a 
reconstruction, 
amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors; 
(h) any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or 
effecting 
of 
any 
necessary 
consent, 
approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording 
or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order to: 
(i) 
enable it to lawfully enter into, exercise its rights 
and perform and comply with its obligations under 
the Issuer Finance Documents;

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
(ii) ensure that those obligations are legally binding and 
enforceable; and 
(iii) make the Issuer Finance Document admissible in 
evidence in the courts of England, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done; and 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with any one or more of its obligations under any 
Issuer Finance Document or any obligation under the 
Issuer Finance Document ceasing to be legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable and any security interest ceasing 
to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable or effective, 
together, the “Issuer Events of Default” and each an “Issuer 
Event of Default”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Borrower Event 
of Default will not constitute an Issuer Event of Default. 
Issuer Security 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Bonds are secured 
pursuant to the Issuer Security Documents. The Issuer will 
grant first ranking security to the Issuer Security Trustee on 
behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors over all its rights and 
assets, including by way of: 
 
(a) English law assignments of its rights and receivables 
under the IBLA, the Common Terms Agreement, the 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Borrower STID, 
the Issuer STID, the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, the 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement and the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(b) an English law charge over any of its bank accounts and 
its investments. 
Issuer Intercreditor Arrangements 
The Issuer and each Issuer Secured Creditor (other than the 
Bondholders) are each a party to the Issuer Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed dated the Signing Date (the “Issuer STID”), 
which regulates, among other things: (i) the claims of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors; (ii) the exercise and enforcement of rights 
by the Issuer Secured Creditors; (iii) the rights of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors to instruct the Issuer Security Trustee; (iv) 
the rights of the Issuer Secured Creditors during the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default; (v) the Entrenched Rights, 
Extraordinary Voting Matters and Reserved Matters of each 
Issuer Secured Creditor; (vi) the giving of consents and waivers 
and the making of amendments by the Issuer Secured Creditors; 
and (vii) the pass through mechanism to allow Issuer Secured 
Creditors to vote on and issue instructions (through the Issuer) 
on matters that relate to the Borrower Secured Creditors (of 
which the Issuer is one) (see Chapter 14 (“Summary of the 
Issuer Finance Documents”)).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Borrower Intercreditor Arrangements 
The members of the Borrower Security Group are a party to a 
security trust and intercreditor deed dated the Signing Date (the 
“Borrower STID”), which regulates, among other things: (i) 
the claims of the Borrower Secured Creditors; (ii) the exercise 
and enforcement of rights by the Borrower Secured Creditors; 
(iii) the rights of the Borrower Secured Creditors to instruct the 
Borrower Security Trustee; (iv) the rights of the Borrower 
Secured Creditors during the occurrence of an Event of Default; 
(v) the Entrenched Rights, Extraordinary Voting Matters and 
Reserved Matters of each Borrower Secured Creditor; and (vi) 
the giving of consents and waivers and the making of 
amendments by the Borrower Secured Creditors (see Chapter 
15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents 
and the Borrower Finance Documents”)). 
Issuer Liquidity Facility 
The Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers (as defined below) 
made available, on the Closing Date, to the Issuer, a revolving 
364-day credit facility for the purpose of meeting certain 
shortfalls in revenues for the Issuer to meet its obligations to 
pay interest on the Bonds. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
This document has been approved by the Central Bank as a base 
prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and to be listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Unlisted Bonds may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus will state whether or not the relevant 
Bonds are to be listed and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Ratings 
The ratings assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies 
reflect only the views of the Rating Agencies. The initial ratings 
of a Series of Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and will depend, among other things, on certain underlying 
characteristics of the business and financial condition of the 
Issuer from time to time. 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
and the FCA maintains on its website, www.fca.org.uk, a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. These lists are updated after the adoption by 
ESMA or the FCA, respectively, of any decisions to withdraw 
the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively. However, 
such lists are not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated list. 
Governing Law 
The Bonds, and each Issuer Finance Document that the Issuer 
is a party to on the Signing Date and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions 
There will be restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom and such other 
restrictions as may be required by law in the relevant 
jurisdictions in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Series of Bonds. 
Investor Information 
The Caruna Group is required to produce an investors’ report 
(the “Investor Report”) semi-annually to be delivered to the 
Issuer (to deliver to the Bondholders) with each set of financial 
statements and will be available at: Financial information | 
Caruna 
(www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation). 
Such 
Investor Report will include, among other things:  
(a) a general overview of any relevant information, including 
general performance of the Caruna Group; 
(b) regulatory and business update; 
(c) the amount of any Capital Expenditure of the Caruna 
Group for the applicable period; 
(d) details of the current financing position, e.g. new issues, 
redemptions, etc.; 
(e) summary details of material acquisitions or disposals; 
(f) 
general overview of the current hedging position; and 
(g) confirmation that ratios have been met. 
 
Each such Investor Report will be made available by the Issuer 
on the website of the Caruna Group. 
Private Placement 
The Issuer may from time to time offer private placement notes 
in the United States on a standalone basis. If issued, such 
private placement notes will rank pari passu with and be treated 
for all purposes in the same manner as the Bonds, as the case 
may be, save that they may have the benefit of additional 
representations and undertakings (in accordance with the IBLA 
and the Issuer STID, subject to such representations and 
undertakings being also extended for the benefit of all other 
Issuer Secured Creditors).

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
CHAPTER 2 
RISK FACTORS 
The following sets out certain aspects of the Issuer, the Bonds, the Issuer Finance Documents and the Issuer Security 
which the Issuer believes may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds. In addition, as all the proceeds 
of the Issuer’s Bonds will be lent to the Borrower and, indirectly, to the Caruna Group under the IBLA, this section of 
the Prospectus also sets out certain aspects of the Borrower, the Caruna Group, the Borrower Security Group, the 
Borrower Finance Documents and the Borrower Security about which prospective Bondholders should be aware. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The Issuer believes that the factors described below 
represent the principal risks which are material for taking an informed investment decision on investing in the Bonds 
as at the date of this Prospectus, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Bonds for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
Bonds are exhaustive. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other 
information contained in this Prospectus before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the events 
described below could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of 
the Issuer, Caruna Networks or the Borrower Security Group and could lead to, among other things: 
(a) 
an Event of Default; and/or 
(b) 
a Trigger Event under the Borrower Finance Documents and/or an Event of Default under the Bonds. 
The risks described in this Chapter have been divided into nine categories based on their nature. These categories are:  
(a) 
Legal, legislative and regulatory risks 
(b) 
Risks relating to the business and industry of the Caruna Group  
(c) 
Environmental, health and safety risks 
(d) 
Risks related to financing 
(e) 
Risks relating to pledges and security 
(f) 
Risks relating to potential insolvency proceedings 
(g) 
Tax risks 
(h) 
Risks related to the Issuer and its obligations under the Bonds  
Within each category, the risk estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria set 
out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the subsequent risk factors in each 
category are presented is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of such risk 
materialising.  
In addition to the risks and uncertainties described herein, risks and uncertainties that are currently unknown or 
considered immaterial may have a material adverse effect on the Caruna Group's business or on the market price of the 
Bonds. 
In addition, whilst the various structural elements described in this Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks 
discussed below for the Bondholders, there can be no assurance that these measures will ensure that the Bondholders 
of any Series or Tranche of Bonds receive payment of interest or repayment of principal from the Issuer on a timely 
basis or at all. 
In this Prospectus, any operational performance figures that are financial measures and are not disclosed in the 
financial statements incorporated by reference herein will need to be disclosed as Alternative Performance Measures 
(“APMs”) as defined in the ESMA guidelines on APMs. Unless specifically disclosed as such, in the view of the Issuer

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
and the Caruna Group (as relevant), no operational performance figures provided herein are financial measures and 
as such are not APMs. 
LEGAL, LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY RISKS  
Changes in the regulatory approach of the Finnish Energy Authority (the “EA”) may have an adverse effect on 
the Caruna Group’s ability to generate a return on its assets and increase compliance costs 
The Caruna Group is Finland’s largest distribution systems operator (“DSO”), and is, thus, subject to extensive 
legislation and regulatory supervision. While Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo strive to deliver a business plan and network 
enhancement programme to ensure compliance with the regulatory targets set by the EA, Finnish laws and regulations, 
in particular, the Electricity Market Act (386/1995) (the “EM Act”) have, in the past, been subject to several legislative 
reforms as well as changes in regulatory interpretations. Subsequent to a legislative reform, the EM Act was replaced 
by the Electricity Market Act (588/2013) (the “EM Act 2013”), which is currently in force (as amended). 
While the EA’s regulatory methods for monitoring the reasonableness of the prices charged by electrical power network 
operators for the years 2016-2023 and the related confirmatory decisions of the EA to Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo 
continue to create a supportive regulatory environment for Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo, there can be no assurance that 
the regulatory backdrop or the EA’s future regulatory methods will continue to be supportive. This potential change and 
other changes in regulation could have an adverse effect on the Caruna Group’s ability to generate a return on its assets 
or on the costs of complying with new regulation and therefore could have an adverse impact on its financial position 
generally. This may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of 
Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Changes to the substance or interpretation of the EM Act 2013 may have an adverse effect on the Caruna Group’s 
ability to generate a return on its assets and increase compliance costs 
On 28 January 2021, the Finnish Government put forward a government proposal (HE 265/2020 vp) regarding various 
changes to the EM Act 2013. The Finnish Parliament approved the government proposal in June 2021 and the updated 
legislation entered into force (except for some specific provisions concerning standard compensation which are taking 
effect as of 1 January 2024) on 1 August 2021.  
The changes arising from the updated legislation include: 
(a) Introduction of a right for the customer to construct a special power line between the production facility and site of 
consumption without permission of the DSO. 
(b) Extension of the deadline for security of supply investments until 2036 for all companies that had a cabling rate of 
less than 60% at the end of 2018. This includes Caruna Oy but not Caruna Espoo Oy. 
(c) Amendment to the standard compensation to end-users for disruption in the electricity distribution so that end 
users would get a discount of 50% of the annual distribution fee in case of a disruption of 48-72 hours instead of 
72-120 hours. 
(d) Pursuit of increased cost efficiency with regards to the development of the electricity distribution networks by 
means of supervised planning, which will involve DSO’s being obligated to design, construct and maintain the 
network in a more cost-efficient way, such as by considering alternative forms of investments and gathering 
feedback from customers. DSOs must provide development plans containing calculations of the effectiveness of 
alternative solutions to the EA biennially, and the EA will be able to instruct the DSO to amend its planning and 
operations if the required cost efficiency is not met.  
(e) Under-income from previous regulatory periods can, if conditions are met, be rolled over across the subsequent 
two regulatory periods.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
(f) Reduction of the ceiling on increases to electricity distribution fees from 15% to 8% of payments collected during 
the past 12-months. 
(g) Certain changes which will have the effect of reducing of the reasonable rate of return for invested capital from 
5.73% to around 4% for 2022 and 6.08% for 2023 (due to higher risk-free rate).1 
(h) Changes to the tariff calculation processes of the electricity distribution network operators during the current 
supervision term from 2019 to 2023. This therefore has given the EA the opportunity to amend its decision on tariff 
prices for 2020-2023 and introduce changes to unit prices from 1 January 2022, and prolong the deadline for 
security of supply investments until 2036 for most companies (including Caruna Oy). The mechanism for 
estimating risk-free rates of interest in the WACC-calculations was changed from 1 January 2022; rather than being 
based on the 10-year average, this is calculated based on the 12-month average of the 10-year Finnish government 
bond. 
In its decisions issued on 17 December 2021, the EA made the following changes:  
(a) Updated the unit prices used in the revenue base. This takes into account the significant reduction in investment 
costs since 2016 and allows for an assessment of the cost-effectiveness of investments; 
(b) The level of reasonable rate of return (WACC-percentage) was set to 3.97 per cent for 2022. This takes into account 
the extension of the transmission period for the implementation of security of supply requirements, and the fact 
that the risk-free interest rate should reflect changes in market interest rates, and the experience gained in recent 
years as to the EA's supervision and performance; and  
(c) Removed the security of supply incentive.  
The EA’s decision has been appealed to the Market Court. The current status is that the Market Court has requested a 
preliminary decision on the EA’s independence in this case from the European Court of Justice.  
As of February 2023, it is known that the EA is preparing the methodology for the upcoming next two (2) regulatory 
periods, 2024-2027 and 2028-2031. Draft guidelines are being prepared and are expected to be sent to DSOs for 
comments during the first half of 2023. Final guidelines including updated regulatory unit prices are to be issued before 
the end of 2023.  
In December 2022, the Finnish Government gave a legislative bill to the Parliament with the purpose to implement the 
Clean Energy package-directive from 2019. The bill was approved by the Parliament on 27 February 2023. Changes 
for DSOs are seen as minor as the bill mainly concerns rights of electricity consumers and obligations of electricity 
retailers. The relevant changes for DSOs are mainly that DSOs are prohibited from engaging in energy storage business 
activities without permission by the EA. Furthermore, DSOs would also be prohibited from engaging in the electric 
vehicle charging business, except for maintaining electric vehicle charging points reserved for its own use. The bill will 
enter into force on 1 June 2023, except for the parts of the bill concerning the content of electricity invoices and the 
new energy market dispute board (handling disputes between energy companies and businesses) which will enter into 
force on 1 June 2024 and 1 September 2023, respectively.  
Any future changes in interpretation of, and compliance relating to, the EM Act 2013 or other regulation could have an 
adverse effect on the Caruna Group’s ability to generate a return on its assets or on the costs of complying with new 
regulation and therefore could have an adverse impact on its financial position generally. This may result in the Caruna 
Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment 
obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
 
1 
Calculations by prof. J. Partanen and the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Regulatory enforcement actions may result in penalties, which may have an adverse effect on the Caruna Group's 
operations and financial position 
While the Caruna Group has in place various policies to ensure Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo’s compliance with their 
respective requirements under the current regulatory regime, their respective licences and other aspects of law and 
regulation, there can be no assurance that Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo will always maintain such compliance. Should 
Caruna Oy or Caruna Espoo be found by the EA to be in breach of such requirements, the EA may impose penalties on 
Caruna Oy and/or Caruna Espoo. Such penalties may have an adverse effect on the Caruna Group’s operations and 
financial position. This may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability 
of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo's results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in regulatory unit 
prices and rates of return  
The Caruna Group's revenue and results of operations are affected by the regulation of unit prices and predetermined 
limits on the rate of return. Whilst the regulatory unit prices used in the calculation of Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo’s 
regulatory asset value (“RAV”) were fixed for eight years from 2016 to 2023 (across two regulatory periods) in the final 
determination, the unit prices were updated on 17 December 2021 and took effect from 1 January 2022, however the 
EA made a unit price update for 2022-2023 based on 2020 cost levels pursuant to the recent changes to the EM Act 
2013 described below. In addition, it is now possible to prolong the deadline for security of supply investments until 
2036, and the Caruna Group is intending to utilise this option. The RAV may also be materially revised for the next 
regulatory period 2024-2027. It is expected that the EA will carry out the update using an industry cost inquiry2. If the 
cost inquiry results in lower unit prices than expected, the Caruna Group’s financial performance may be negatively 
impacted. This is due to the fact that the value of Caruna Oy’s and Caruna Espoo’s RAV may be materially impacted 
by those changes. 
Under Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo’s respective licences, the regulatory rate of return (“WACC”) is determined by the 
regulatory guidelines. As at the date of this Prospectus, a key component of the annual WACC is the yield on the 10-
year Finnish government bond. Pursuant to recent changes to the EM Act 2013, the EA has exercised its right to change 
the methodology used to determine reasonable return in the middle of the current regulatory period. As of 1 January 
2022, the mechanism for estimating risk-free rate of interest in the WACC calculations has been based on the 12-month 
average of the 10-year Finnish government bond instead of the 10-year average. It is expected that the impact to the 
Caruna Group of the change in estimation of the risk-free rate in WACC-calculations will be minor. Currently, the 
difference between the 10-year average and the previous year’s average is reducing year on year and is estimated to 
have been close to zero in 2024-2025.  
The EA has confirmed that the update of the component unit prices will only be used in 2022 and 2023, with a new 
update being done for 2024 onwards. As a result, even if the update for 2022 and 2023 is expected by the Ministry to 
have a large impact, it is estimated that from 2024, the component unit prices will be in line with current expectations. 
The Caruna Group is closely monitoring the price development in contractor and material markets. 
A decrease in the yield on the 10-year Finnish government bond or regulatory unit prices could have an adverse effect 
on the Caruna Group’s ability to generate return on its assets and therefore have an adverse impact on the Caruna 
Group’s financial performance. This may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may 
impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
 
2 
 An industry cost inquiry, also known as KA:2, is the process through which companies are asked to provide cost information on any investment projects 
performed in the last 12 months. It consists of a detailed questionnaire with specific instructions for a breakdown by component. They have historically 
been performed by an industry association, but the EA has now taken over the process.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Supervision by the Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority 
In addition to regulations relating specifically to the energy market, the Caruna Group is subject to Finnish consumer 
legislation and supervision by the Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority (“FCCA”). The FCCA is a national 
authority ensuring good market performance. The Competition Division on the FCCA executes merger control, 
safeguards equal operating conditions (competition neutrality) and advocacy and supervises public procurements in 
Finland. The Consumer Division of the FCCA is supervising and ensuring that commercial communication for 
consumers as well as contractual practices are appropriate and in line with the consumer protection legislation. 
Changes in contractual terms, i.e. prices charged by the Caruna Group to customers may be subject to challenge under 
the Consumer Protection Act. In February 2016, the Caruna Group was involved in discussions with the consumer 
ombudsman in Finland (the “Consumer Ombudsman”) where it was agreed that price increases (which were in line 
with those permitted by the EM Act 2013) should be phased in more gradually. While such actions by the Consumer 
Ombudsman do not affect the overall permitted income of the Caruna Group over the course of a regulatory period, 
similar changes to the anticipated timescale for collection of such income as well as inability to follow competition law, 
consumer protection legislation or act on public procurements may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its 
liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meets its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in 
turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
The Volcker Rule may restrict certain banking entities from holding or trading the Bonds 
On 10 December 2013, five U.S. financial regulators approved the final rules to implement Section 13 of the Bank 
Holding Company Act of 1956, as added by section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010, commonly known as the “Volcker Rule”. The Volcker Rule generally prohibits sponsorship of 
and investment in the “ownership interests” of “covered funds” by “banking entities”, a term that includes most 
internationally active banking organisations and their Affiliates, though a banking entity may sponsor and invest in a 
covered fund pursuant to a number of exceptions. 
The Issuer is of the view that it is a “covered fund” and therefore subject to the Volcker Rule, which will impact the 
ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer. The Volcker Rule broadly defines “ownership 
interest” as including, among other things, an instrument that exposes its holder to the profits and losses of a covered 
fund or similar economic risk, or one that grants holders the right to participate under certain circumstances in the 
selection of an investment advisor, manager or board of directors of the covered fund. The Issuer is of the view that the 
Bonds are not “ownership interests” within the meaning of the Volcker Rule.  
On 25 June 2020, the five regulatory bodies responsible for the enforcement of the Volcker Rule adopted revisions to 
the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations that, among other things, exclude from the definition of “ownership 
interest” certain “senior loans” or “senior debt interests” issued by covered funds and clarify that the right to participate 
in the removal or replacement of management as part of the rights of a creditor to exercise remedies upon the occurrence 
of an event of default or an acceleration event would not be a feature that results in a banking entity having an ownership 
interest in a covered fund.  
If the Bonds were to be considered “ownership interests” under the Volcker Rule, certain banking entities would be 
prohibited from holding or trading in the Bonds, which could materially and adversely impact the liquidity and market 
price of the Bonds. Any prospective investor that is considering an investment in the Bonds should consult its own legal 
advisors regarding the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. 
Enforceability of judgments following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU 
On 23 June 2016, the UK held a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, the outcome of which 
was a decision for the UK to leave the EU. The United Kingdom left the European Union on 31 January 2020 at 11pm 
local time. At that time, EU treaties ceased to apply to the UK. Under the terms of the ratified EU-UK article 50 
withdrawal agreement (the “Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement”), a transition period commenced (the 
“Implementation Period”) during which most EU law continued to apply in the UK, and the UK continued to be a

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
part of the EU single market. The Implementation Period ended at 11pm UK time on 31 December 2020 (the “IP 
Completion Date”).  
There is currently uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Finland as the current 
regulation governing the recognition and enforcement of judgments that apply between the UK and EU Member States, 
namely the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2012) (the “Recast Regulation”) has now ceased to apply to legal proceedings commenced in the UK 
after 31 December 2020 or to judgments issued in such proceedings. Further the UK is no longer a party to the 
Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (the 
“Lugano Convention”) under which judgments from the courts of contracting states (currently the EU, Switzerland, 
Iceland and Norway (together the “Contracting States”)) are recognised and enforced in other Contracting States. As 
a result, a judgment entered against the Issuer based on an asymmetric jurisdiction clause (i.e. a jurisdiction clause 
which is non-exclusive) in an English court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without 
a re-trial on its merits. However, such judgment is likely to be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the 
courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other public authorities in Finland. 
In its white paper entitled “Legislating for the Withdrawal Agreement between the United Kingdom and the European 
Union” from July 2018 (the “White Paper”), the UK Government stated that it will seek to participate in the Lugano 
Convention on leaving the EU, which would mean English judgments would continue to be recognised and enforceable 
in Finland (as well as in other Contracting States). The UK’s application to re-accede to the Lugano Convention was 
submitted in April 2020. In order to be successful, this requires the unanimous consent of the other parties to the Lugano 
Convention. Although Switzerland, Norway, Iceland have indicated support, the EU (and Denmark) have not yet 
consented. Furthermore, in May 2021, the European Commission issued a communication to the European Parliament 
and the Council of the EU indicating that it was set against the EU consenting to the UK’s re-accession. A positive 
outcome cannot therefore be assumed or guaranteed.  
In the White Paper, the UK Government also stated that it will seek a new bilateral agreement with the EU Member 
States concerning cooperation in the area of civil justice, including arrangements for the continued mutual recognition 
and enforcement of judgments. 
The UK has also independently acceded to the Hague Convention with the consequence that it can then, at least in 
relation to matters falling within its limited scope (it applies only to exclusive jurisdiction clauses), provide a free-
standing future basis upon which an English judgment could be recognised not only in other non-EU Hague States but 
in the EU Member States as well. On 28 September 2020 the UK deposited a new instrument of accession to the Hague 
Convention with the effect that (in accordance with Article 31(2)(a) Hague Convention) the Hague Convention 
independently came into force for the UK on 1 January 2021. The legal state as to the applicability of the Hague 
Convention to legal proceedings commenced in the UK after 31 December 2020 and to judgments issued in such 
proceedings, which are based on exclusive jurisdiction clauses entered prior to 1 January 2021, remains unclear in 
Finland. The European Commission and the UK have different opinions as to whether there was an interruption between 
the end of the Implementation Period (31 December 2020) and before the UK became a party to the Hague Convention 
in its own name on 1 January 2021. The issue is untested in Finland. 
Change of law risk of the Borrower Security Group 
The transactions described in this Prospectus (including the issue of the Bonds) and the ratings that are assigned to the 
Bonds are based on the relevant law and administrative practice in effect as at the date hereof, and having regard to the 
expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice. It is possible that, whether as a result of case 
law or through statute, changes in law or regulation, or their interpretation or application, may result in the Borrower 
Security Group’s debt financing arrangements as originally structured no longer having the effect anticipated or having 
a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower Security Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
and/or adversely affecting the rights, priorities of payments and/or treatment of holdings in the Bonds of the 
Bondholders.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY OF THE CARUNA GROUP  
Consolidation of the electricity distribution sector may lead to enhanced regulatory scrutiny and tighter 
regulation, which could have a negative effect on the financial performance of the Caruna Group 
The composition of the Finnish electricity distribution sector is currently fragmented, but fairly stable. There can be no 
assurance that the sector will not materially change in the future, including with the consolidation of distribution systems 
operators (“DSOs”) into fewer and larger entities. Any such changes may result in tighter regulation by the EA. These 
events may have a negative effect on the financial performance of the Caruna Group. This may result in the Caruna 
Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment 
obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Outages could adversely affect the Caruna Group’s financial position  
The Caruna Group has the primary objective of providing a reliable and secure electricity distribution network. 
Historically, there have been interruptions to network services in Finland, such as outages resulting from thunderstorms 
in summer 2010, major storms in 2011 and 2013, and snow loads in 2011, 2012 and 2018. The Caruna Group is pursuing 
a long-term investment programme in underground cabling, tree clearing, 3D helicopter inspections, increased network 
restoration and preventative maintenance with the aim of mitigating the impact of adverse weather conditions on the 
network infrastructure and thus decreasing the number of faults in the network and the resulting outages.  
Nevertheless, adverse weather conditions or the failure of a key asset, such as the Caruna Group’s IT system that 
monitors the performance of its distribution network and reports faults, could cause a significant interruption to services 
(in terms of outage duration or the number of consumers affected), which may have an adverse effect on the Caruna 
Group’s operating costs or financial position, as well as having an effect on the regulatory outage costs of such 
interruptions to the Caruna Group. Such adverse effects may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its 
liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in 
turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Operational and capital cost risks 
The Caruna Group’s profitability is linked to its ability to meet or outperform operating and/or investment costs targets, 
as well as to its operational effectiveness compared to regulatory targets. The Caruna Group’s performance depends in 
part on the efficiency of its operational and investment cost management. Whilst the Caruna Group is pursuing an 
efficient long-term network investment programme, changes in material prices or availability of contractor resources 
may introduce unexpected costs into the Caruna Group’s investment programme, which in turn may impact the ability 
of the Caruna Group to implement efficiency improvements. To optimise its resources and maximise efficiency and 
flexibility, the Caruna Group is focused on its core activities of asset management, regulation management and sourcing, 
while other activities such as network construction and maintenance, fault repair, customer grid service, IT systems 
development, IT infrastructure operations, project supervision and automatic meter management have been outsourced 
with the aim of maximising service whilst reducing costs to the Caruna Group. However, if efficiency targets are not 
achieved, the profitability of the Caruna Group could be impacted. This may result in the Caruna Group being unable 
to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA 
and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Ageing of the network and assets may result in breakdowns resulting in unanticipated costs  
Due to the history of operation of the Caruna Group, certain parts and/or components in operation are old and, in case 
of breakdown, these may be difficult to repair or replace. Any machinery breakdown may cost more than anticipated, 
which may negatively impact the Caruna Group. This may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, 
which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Economic and operational risks related to severe communicable diseases 
The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (such as COVID-19, SARS or other 
coronaviruses, measles, Ebola, H1N1, Zika, avian influenza, swine flu, or other epidemic infectious diseases) and 
regulators’ or market fears about the same, may adversely affect the Caruna Group’s operations, directly, or through the 
Caruna Group’s supply chain. They could further cause a significant interruption to the supply of services and could 
limit the Caruna Group’s ability to respond to another, non-related major interruption to the supply of services (in terms 
of duration or number of customers affected), materially affecting the way that the Caruna Group operates its business, 
resulting in additional operating costs (including liability to customers) or loss of revenue, each of which could have a 
material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or operational performance of the Caruna Group and could 
have a prejudicial impact on the Caruna Group’s reputation. 
Additionally, if any of the Caruna Group’s employees or employees of Caruna Group’s suppliers contract or are 
suspected of contracting an epidemic disease, this could require the Caruna Group or its suppliers to quarantine some 
or all of these employees, relocate employees or have employees work from home or disinfect the facilities used for its 
operations, which could in turn result in delays and/or additional costs and regulator or market conservatism may require 
that enhanced steps are taken in this regard. If significant employee absences due to illness occurred for a period of 
weeks, critical activities would be prioritised, and employees deployed in order to limit the impact on service and 
compliance, which could result in delays to and/or reprogramming of non-critical activities and future additional costs. 
A prolonged pandemic could result in national and international supply chain shortages for key materials. 
At the date of this Prospectus, there can be no guarantee that there will not be a further outbreak and spread of any such 
similar communicable diseases having the above (or more severe) consequences. The Caruna Group cannot determine 
the full extent of any such severe communicable diseases, and such outbreaks may impact the ability of the Caruna 
Group to meet its liabilities and, in respect of Caruna Networks, to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, 
in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds.  
Economic risks relating to the war between Russia and Ukraine  
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine. As a result of the invasion, the EU, EU Member States, 
Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, among others, have developed and continue to develop 
coordinated sanctions and export-control measure packages. The uncertain nature, magnitude and duration of Russia’s 
war in Ukraine and actions taken by Western and other states and multinational organisations in response thereto, 
including, amongst other things, the potential effects of sanctions, export-control measures, travel bans and asset 
seizures, as well as any Russian retaliatory actions, including, amongst other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports 
and cyber-attacks, on the world economy and markets, have contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty. 
Such geopolitical risks may have a material adverse impact on macroeconomic factors which affect the Caruna Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. Such risk of material adverse impact could 
be magnified after Finland acceded to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation on 4 April 2023 in response to Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine. 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SECURITY AND HEALTH AND SAFETY RISKS 
Environmental contamination or other damages to the environment resulting from the Caruna Group's activities 
may result in liabilities under environmental protection laws 
Various environmental protection laws and regulations govern the business of the Caruna Group. These laws and 
regulations establish, among other things, standards for control of greenhouse emissions and materials and energy 
efficiency, which affect Caruna Group operations. In addition, the Caruna Group is required to obtain various 
environmental permits from regulatory bodies for its operations. The Caruna Group endeavours to comply with all 
regulatory standards. However, whilst there has been no compliance failure that has had a material adverse consequence 
historically, there can be no assurance that all members of the Caruna Group will be in total compliance at all times 
with applicable laws and regulations. Should the Caruna Group fail to comply with these laws and regulations, it could

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
incur costs in bringing the business into compliance or face fines imposed by the courts or otherwise face regulatory 
sanctions. 
Environmental laws and regulations are complex and change frequently. These laws, and their enforcement, have tended 
to become more stringent over time. Although the Caruna Group believes it has taken into account the future capital 
and operating expenditure necessary to achieve and maintain compliance with current and known future changes in 
laws and regulations, it is possible that new or stricter standards could be imposed, or current interpretation of existing 
legislation amended, which may increase the Caruna Group’s operating costs by requiring changes or modifications to 
the assets in order to comply with any new environmental laws and regulations. Although these costs may be recoverable 
in part or in full through the regulatory process, there can be no assurance of this. Therefore, there can be no assurance 
that the costs of complying with, or discharging its liabilities under, current and future environmental and health and 
safety laws will not adversely affect the Caruna Group’s costs or financial position. Such adverse effect may result in 
the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its 
payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Bonds. 
Risk of contamination of the environment is most relevant in respect of groundwater contamination. Contamination 
may be caused by oil leaks in the Caruna Group’s substations although all new transformers installed by or on behalf 
of the Caruna Group are equipped with an oil contamination system. Although Chromated Copper Arsenate (“CCA”) 
and creosote poles are no longer installed, the Caruna Group’s existing overhead network contains a significant number 
of CCA and creosote poles installed during earlier decades. The areas where such poles have been installed and stored 
could be contaminated. The Caruna Group carried out decontamination of all known installed and stored pole facilities 
from 2000 to 2005, but further or residual contamination may still occur or exist, and the resulting decontamination cost 
cannot be fully ruled out. The costs to the Caruna Group to clean up any such contamination or address any fines it 
receives under the relevant environmental legislation may impact the Caruna Group’s financial position. This may result 
in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its 
payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Bonds. 
Injuries to employees may have an adverse impact on business continuity and result in liability for damages 
The nature of the business of the Caruna Group involves interaction by its employees, or the employees of third-party 
service providers, with potentially dangerous machinery and equipment. While the Caruna Group actively maintains 
health and safety policies to minimise such risks and ensure compliance with applicable law or regulation (which it 
reassesses on a regular basis), employees may be injured at work. The Health and Safety Policy followed by the Caruna 
Group is regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Caruna Group. Customers or third parties may also be 
involved in an accident relating to the electrical network of the Caruna Group. The cost to the Caruna Group for any 
such injuries to such employees, customers or third parties may negatively impact the Caruna Group through 
interruptions in operations or potential liability for damages resulting from occupational safety regulations. This may 
result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to 
meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under 
the Bonds. The insurance programme maintained by the Caruna Group may only cover certain of these risks  
Cyber-attacks, malfunctions or IT system failures could temporarily threaten the continuity of the Caruna Group's 
business operations and have an adverse effect on the Group’s service continuity and reputation 
The business of the Caruna Group is dependent on various IT systems. The Caruna Group utilises IT systems which, 
for example, remotely measure and control the electricity network, measure electricity consumption, provide accurate 
invoicing to customers, manage energy balance and manage network design and construction.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The Caruna Group’s business operations also involve processing and storing data of customers, business partners and 
the Caruna Group itself, which may include data of a sensitive nature. At least the following factors may cause 
malfunctions or cybersecurity breaches of information systems relevant to the Caruna Group:  
(a) 
actions by criminal hackers, hacktivists, or state-sponsored organizations; 
(b) 
computer viruses and worms, denial of service or phishing attacks, or industrial espionage; 
(c) 
intentional or unintentional human errors or misconduct by current or former employees, customers or third 
parties;  
(d) 
technological errors resulting from maintenance and upgrading activities; or 
(e) 
power outages or surges as well as floods, fires or natural disasters. 
Malfunctions and cybersecurity breaches could lead to loss, theft, misuse or destruction of data or equipment, equipment 
or system malfunction, or loss of abilities to support, manage or develop services. Such events could also expose the 
Caruna Group to potential liability, litigation, or regulatory action, and result in the loss of existing or potential 
customers or business opportunities or other financial losses, as well as risking damage to the Caruna Group’s reputation 
and brand. Financial losses to the Caruna Group resulting from these risks would likely be only partly covered by its 
insurance policies. The Caruna Group could also be required to make additional investments to its cybersecurity 
safeguards.  
Such business interruptions, the cost to the Caruna Group to repair any software malfunctions or the materialisation of 
any of the factors above may adversely impact the financial performance of the Caruna Group. This may result in the 
Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment 
obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Operational disruptions at one or more of the Caruna Group’s operational facilities with limited or insufficient 
back-ups could adversely affect the Caruna Group’s business  
The Caruna Group’s business operations are highly dependent on the functionality, availability and maintenance of the 
required software environment and hardware infrastructures. In the event of a disruption in operations, key facilities 
may have limited or insufficient back-ups, and their relocation may require significant investments and further disrupt 
service continuity. The operation of the Caruna Group’s key facilities is prone to a number of risks, such as power or 
equipment failures, fires, floods, extreme weather events, other natural disasters, industrial action, criminal activities or 
vandalism. The use of back-up facilities, where such facilities are available, may also involve very expensive and time-
consuming manual work. Service disruptions may also result in failures to meet contractual or regulatory obligations. 
Any of the above risks, if materialized, could lead to claims for liability for damages, contractual penalties, fines, 
regulatory enforcement action, or loss of customers. Financial losses to the Caruna Group resulting from these risks 
would likely be only partly covered by insurance policies. 
Materialization of any of the above factors may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which 
may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Caruna Group is dependent on its suppliers to deliver commissioned network projects and services. 
Caruna Group’s current procurement model aims to ensure that Caruna Group is cost-effective and remains competitive 
in each of its network areas. However, if any of Caruna Group's service providers become unable to deliver any 
commissioned network projects and services due to liquidation, the impact of COVID-19 or events of force majeure, 
this may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks 
to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations 
under the Bonds.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
RISKS RELATING TO FINANCING  
The Borrower Security Group may be unable to raise sufficient capital in the future to ensure continuity of its 
business 
The Borrower Security Group will need to raise further debt from time to time in order, among other things: 
(a) 
to finance or refinance future capital expenditure; 
(b) 
to enable it to refinance any debt of the Borrower Security Group including the IBLA on or before its Final 
Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
for general corporate purposes. 
Therefore, the Borrower Security Group is exposed to market risks resulting from mismatches between the Borrower 
Security Group’s capital requirements and its access to capital in the future. The Borrower Security Group’s cost of 
funding may be influenced by, among other things, its own operating performance and general economic conditions. If 
financial markets deteriorate, there could be an adverse effect on the Borrower Security Group’s ability to refinance its 
existing debt as and when required. 
Moreover, the Borrower Security Group is exposed to market risks resulting from timing mismatches between the 
Borrower Security Group’s capital requirements and the revenue generated by its business. The Borrower Security 
Group’s future capital requirements and level of costs will depend on numerous factors, including, among other things, 
capital expenditure caused by compliance with new safety requirements, continued demand for electricity, the amount 
of cash generated from its operations and general industry and economic conditions. The inability to cover long-term 
funding costs through revenue streams could have a Material Adverse Effect on the Caruna Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. This may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, 
which may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
The hedging policy and hedging arrangements of the Borrower Security group may prove to be inadequate to 
counter the Borrower Security Group's exposure to financial risks  
The Borrower Security Group has a Borrower Hedging Policy in place to mitigate the risks arising from mismatches in 
cash flows received and payable from time to time. For more details on the Borrower Hedging Policy, see Chapter 15 
(“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – Common Terms 
Agreement – Borrower Hedging Policy”) below. 
In order to address interest rate risks, inflation rate risks and/or currency risks, the Borrower Security Group will operate 
a hedging programme in accordance with the Borrower Hedging Policy.  
The Borrower Hedging Policy allows a member of the Borrower Security Group to enter into Treasury Transactions to 
which the Borrower Hedging Policy will not apply in order to manage risk inherent in its business. Where such Treasury 
Transaction(s) is not entered into by way of a Borrower Hedging Agreement, it is unsecured and the hedge counterparty 
does not accede to the Borrower STID, provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate notional amount of such Treasury Transactions does not exceed €50 million; and 
(b) 
no such Treasury Transaction shall have a tenor of more than eight years. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Borrower Hedging Agreements will adequately address the hedging risks 
that the Borrower Security Group will face from time to time. In addition, the Borrower Security Group could find itself 
over-/under-hedged which could lead to financial stress. Caruna Networks is subject to the creditworthiness of, and, in 
certain circumstances, early termination of the Borrower Hedging Agreements by, Borrower Hedge Counterparties or 
the counterparties to any Treasury Transaction (see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – Common Terms Agreement – Borrower Hedging Policy”) below). 
Such circumstances may result in the Caruna Group being unable to meet its liabilities, which may impact the ability 
of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Certain Secured Creditors will rank ahead of the Issuer in respect of the Borrower Security and ahead of the 
Bondholders in respect of the Issuer Security 
In the event that a Standstill occurs or the Security is enforced, the proceeds of such enforcement may be insufficient, 
after payment of amounts ranking in priority to the Bonds, to pay, in full, all amounts of principal, interest and premium 
(if any) due in respect of the Bonds. 
Although the Issuer Security has been granted for the benefit of, inter alios, the Bondholders, such security interests 
have also been granted for the benefit of other Issuer Secured Creditors that will rank ahead of the Bondholders. Certain 
of the obligations owed by the Issuer, including the Issuer’s obligations, to, inter alios, the Issuer Security Trustee (in 
its individual capacity), any appointee of the Issuer Security Trustee or the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent(s), the Issuer 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s) under the Issuer Liquidity Facility, the Issuer Account Bank in respect of certain amounts 
owed to them, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar, any Calculation Agent, the Issuer Cash Manager and the Administrator 
will rank ahead of amounts owed by the Issuer to the Bondholders. These amounts may be uncapped. To the extent that 
significant amounts are owing to any such persons and there is insufficient cash to pay all such amounts then due, the 
amounts available to the Bondholders may be reduced which may impact the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Bonds. 
The Borrower Obligors may fail to promptly identify a Trigger Event or Event of Default 
Pursuant to the Borrower STID, the Issuer is a Borrower Secured Creditor for the benefit of the Bondholders. 
The Borrower STID provides that the Borrower Security Trustee will be entitled to assume without enquiry, unless it 
has express notice to the contrary, that no Trigger Event, Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred 
which is continuing. The Borrower Security Trustee will not itself monitor whether any such event has occurred. 
Furthermore, as the Issuer (as a Borrower Secured Creditor) is a special purpose company, it will not, nor does it possess 
the resources to, actively monitor whether a Trigger Event, Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has occurred, 
including, for this purpose, the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Borrower Obligors 
and compliance by the Borrower Obligors with the covenants and undertakings. 
Accordingly, it will fall to the Borrower Obligors themselves to make these determinations. In this context, a number 
of these representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and Events of Default and Potential Events of Default will 
be qualified by reference to a relevant fact, matter or circumstance having a Material Adverse Effect. Whilst the criteria 
set out in the definition of “Material Adverse Effect” are on their face objective, it will fall to the Borrower Obligors 
themselves to determine whether or not the relevant fact, matter or circumstance falls within any of the criteria and, as 
such, the determination will be subjective for so long as such determination is made by the Borrower Obligors. 
However, the Common Terms Agreement requires the Borrower Obligors to inform the Borrower Security Trustee of 
the occurrence of any Trigger Event, Event of Default and Potential Event of Default promptly upon becoming aware 
of the same. In addition, the Borrower Obligors are required to confirm in each Investor Report and each Compliance 
Certificate, each of which will be delivered to, among other recipients, the Issuer and the Borrower Security Trustee, 
whether or not any Trigger Event, Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred (and, if one has, what 
action is being, or proposed to be, taken to remedy it). 
Failure by the Borrower Obligors to promptly identify a Trigger Event or Event of Default could prevent the early 
warning signs of financial difficulties or other risks from being made apparent to the Borrower Secured Creditors and 
for relevant actions to be taken, and such results could have a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of the Borrower

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Obligors to meet their obligations to the Borrower Secured Creditors, which includes the Borrower’s obligations to the 
Issuer under the IBLA. This may impact on the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
A high level of Financial Indebtedness may require the Borrower Obligors to repay certain other creditors earlier 
than Bondholders  
Under the Borrower Common Finance Documents, the Borrower Obligors are permitted to incur further Financial 
Indebtedness subject to certain tests being met (as set out in the CTA). Such Financial Indebtedness may be on any 
economic terms and, in particular, may mature prior to the maturity date of the Bonds and/or the IBLA. The Borrower 
Obligors are permitted to repay Financial Indebtedness from time to time, which may result in certain creditors 
(including those in respect of a particular Series of Bonds) being paid earlier in time than the Bondholders of another 
Series of Bonds, including by way of defeasance. Any such repayments are subject to the terms of the Borrower Finance 
Documents. 
Changing financial or operational circumstances may require modifications, waivers and consents in respect of 
the Borrower Common Finance Documents 
The Borrower Obligors may request the Borrower Security Trustee to agree to any modification to, or to give its consent 
to any event, matter or thing relating to, or grant any waiver in respect of, the Borrower Common Finance Documents 
without any requirement to seek the approval of the Borrower Secured Creditors (including the Issuer), in respect of a 
Discretion Matter. 
The Borrower Security Trustee is entitled to exercise its sole discretion to approve a Discretion Matter if, in the opinion 
of the Borrower Security Trustee, approval of the Borrower STID Proposal: (a) is in the opinion of the Borrower Security 
Trustee, required to correct a manifest error or is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (b) is, in the opinion of the 
Borrower Security Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors 
(where “materially prejudicial” means that such modification, consent or waiver could have a Material Adverse Effect 
on the ability of the Borrower Obligors to pay any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Qualifying Borrower 
Secured Debt owed to the relevant Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors on the relevant due date for payment 
therefor). The Borrower Security Trustee is not obliged to exercise its discretion and if it chooses not to do so the voting 
category selection procedures set out in the Borrower STID and described in Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower 
Common Finance Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed”) below will apply.  
It is possible that a Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor other than the Issuer may vote against the interests of the 
Issuer. Such a vote may be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. This may impact on the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments due under the Bonds and on the Bondholders’ ability to recover the full amount under the Bonds.  
There can be no assurance that any modification, consent or waiver in respect of the Borrower Common Finance 
Documents will be favourable to the Issuer. Such changes may be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. This may 
impact on the ability of the Issuer to make payments due under the Bonds and on the Bondholders’ ability to recover 
the full amount under the Bonds. 
Changes in financial or operational circumstances may require modifications, waivers and consents in respect of 
the Issuer Finance Documents, which may be unfavourable to the interests of Bondholders 
The Issuer may also request the Bond Trustee to agree to any modification to, or to give its consent to any event, matter 
or thing, or grant any waiver in respect of, the Issuer Finance Documents without the consent or sanction of the 
Bondholders or (subject as provided below) any other Issuer Secured Creditor. 
The Bond Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, 
concur with the Issuer or any other relevant parties in making: (a) any modification to the Conditions or the Issuer 
Finance Documents or other document to which it is a party if, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such modification is

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
made to correct a manifest error, or is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (b) any modification (other than in 
respect of a Basic Terms Modification), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed that is, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Bondholders. 
The Bond Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or Issuer Event of Default, 
from time to time and at any time but only if, and insofar as, in its opinion the interests of the Bondholders shall not be 
materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants 
or provisions contained in the Conditions or any Issuer Finance Document to which it is a party or determine that any 
event which would otherwise constitute an Issuer Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the 
Trust Deed. 
There can be no assurance that any modification, consent or waiver in respect of the Issuer Finance Documents will be 
favourable to all Bondholders. Such changes may be detrimental to the interests of some or all Bondholders, despite the 
ratings of such Bonds being affirmed. 
The Issuer STID contains provisions for Bondholders to vote on matters affecting their interests generally (other than 
matters which concern the enforcement of the Issuer Security or modifications to the Issuer STID, such matters which 
may only be addressed in accordance with the procedures set out in the Issuer STID, as described above). These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Bondholders including Bondholders who do not vote on the relevant 
matter and Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Where the necessary quorum is not met in 
respect of certain Votes and an Adjourned Voting Date is set, the requisite quorum for an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be reduced but will still bind all Bondholders if passed, even where the outcome is not published. 
Intercreditor Rights of the Issuer – Interests of other Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors may not be aligned 
with those of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor under the Borrower STID. The Borrower STID contains 
provisions enabling the Borrower Security Trustee to implement various modifications, consents and waivers in relation 
to the Borrower Common Finance Documents, subject to Entrenched Rights, Ordinary Voting Matters, Extraordinary 
Voting Matters and Reserved Matters (see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and 
the Borrower Finance Documents – Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”)). The Borrower Security Trustee 
is authorised to act on the instructions of the majority Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors that vote on any Voting 
Matter (acting through their Borrower Secured Creditor Representatives). 
In respect of modifications, waivers or consents in respect of provisions of the Borrower Common Finance Documents 
(other than those in respect of Basic Terms Modifications) a single vote by reference to the entire Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Debt of each Authorised Credit Facility (other than the IBLA) in respect 
of their Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors will be counted for or, as the case 
may be, against the applicable Borrower STID Proposal or Direction Notice. However, in respect of the IBLA and only 
the IBLA, votes will be cast by the Issuer (as IBLA Creditor), and accepted by the Borrower Security Trustee on a Euro-
for-Euro basis (in the case of non-Euro debt, converted into Euro at the rate specified in the Borrower STID Proposal). 
In respect of each Authorised Credit Facility other than the IBLA, votes cast in favour and votes cast against will then 
be aggregated by the Borrower Security Trustee with votes cast for and against by the other Qualifying Borrower 
Secured Creditors. There is therefore a risk that the vote of the Issuer may not constitute a majority in respect of 
modifications, waivers or consents and that the other Borrower Secured Creditors may outvote the Issuer’s vote (based 
on the votes passed through to the Issuer by the Issuer Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms of the Issuer 
STID). 
Votes cast in favour and votes cast against will then be aggregated by the Borrower Security Trustee with the votes cast 
for and against by the other Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors through their Borrower Secured Creditor 
Representatives. It is possible that the interests of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors in respect of certain other 
Qualifying Debt (other than the Qualifying Issuer Secured Debt, being the IBLA) will not be aligned with the interests

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
of the Issuer (which reflects the interests of the Issuer Secured Creditors including the Bondholders, the PP Noteholders 
and the Authorised Issuer Debt Providers) and it is possible that, in relation to votes on certain matters, owing to the 
relative size of the Borrower Secured Debt that is capable of being voted by Authorised Credit Providers other than the 
Issuer, the Borrower Security Trustee is given an instruction that is not in the interests of the Issuer, and therefore, not 
in the interests of the Bondholders. 
Intercreditor Rights of the Bondholders - modifications, consents or waivers in relation to the Borrower Common 
Finance Documents may be approved which are not in favour of the Bondholders 
The Issuer is a Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor under the Borrower STID. The Borrower STID contains 
provisions enabling the Borrower Security Trustee to implement various modifications, consents and waivers in relation 
to the Borrower Common Finance Documents, subject to Entrenched Rights, Extraordinary Voting Matters and 
Reserved Matters (see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the Borrower Finance 
Documents – Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”)). The Borrower Security Trustee is authorised to act on 
the instructions of the majority Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors that vote on any Voting Matter (acting through 
their Borrower Secured Creditor Representatives).  
The Issuer will, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer STID, collect Votes from the holders of the Bonds on their 
preferred Vote (see Chapter 14 (“Summary of the Issuer Finance Documents – Issuer Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed – Intercreditor Arrangements and Voting Procedures”)).  
Pursuant to the Issuer STID, votes cast in favour and votes cast against the Borrower STID Proposal Pass Through 
Voting Request will then be aggregated by the Issuer with the votes cast for and against by the Issuer Secured Creditors 
(which includes each Bondholder) through their Issuer Secured Creditor Representatives. It is possible that the interests 
of the Issuer Secured Creditors in respect of certain other Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt will not be aligned with the 
interests of Bondholders and it is possible that, in relation to votes on certain matters, owing to the relative size of the 
Issuer Secured Debt that is capable of being voted by Authorised Issuer Debt Providers, the Issuer is given an instruction 
that is not in the interests of the Bondholders. 
If the Bondholders fail to vote in accordance with the Borrower STID Proposal Pass Through Voting Request (as that 
term is defined in the Issuer STID), it is possible that a modification, consent or a waiver in relation to the Borrower 
Common Finance Documents may be approved by the Borrower Secured Creditors (which includes the Issuer acting 
on the instructions of the Bondholders) (please see “Changing financial or operational circumstances may require 
modifications, waivers and consents in respect of the Borrower Common Finance Documents” on page 38) before such 
Bondholder has participated in any Borrower STID Proposal Vote (as that term is defined in the Issuer STID) and that, 
as a result, any consent, modification or waiver of a Borrower Common Finance Document duly approved by the 
Borrower Secured Creditors shall be binding on all of the Borrower Secured Creditors, including the Issuer. 
Funds available under the Issuer Liquidity Facility may not be sufficient  
The Issuer Liquidity Facility is available to the Issuer to provide liquidity support in respect of payments of interest 
payable in respect of the Bonds and certain other payments due to the Issuer Secured Creditors. There can be no 
assurance that funds available under the Issuer Liquidity Facility will be sufficient to cover any such shortfall. This may 
lead to a default under any other payment obligations supported by the Issuer Liquidity Facility. Any such default could 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments due to the Issuer Secured Creditors, which may impact the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds.  
Funds available under the Borrower Liquidity Facility may not be sufficient  
The Borrower Liquidity Facility is available to Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo to provide liquidity 
support in respect of payments of interest, scheduled principal and fee amounts payable in respect of the Senior Term 
Facility, the IBLA, the Borrower Hedging Agreements and certain other payments due to the Borrower Secured

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Creditors. There can be no assurance that funds available under the Borrower Liquidity Facility will be sufficient to 
cover any such shortfall. This may lead to an early termination of one or more Borrower Hedging Agreements or a 
default under any other payment obligations supported by the Borrower Liquidity Facility (including the IBLA). Any 
such default may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Capital Structure – high levels of indebtedness may increase the vulnerability of the Borrower Security Group 
The Borrower Security Group has a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness with significant debt service 
requirements. In addition, the Borrower Security Group retains the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future 
to finance its capital investment programmes. This significant leverage could have important consequences including 
increasing the Borrower Security Group’s vulnerability to a downturn in its business, economic or industry conditions 
and requiring the Borrower Security Group to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to payments 
on its debt obligations, thus reducing the availability of its cash flow to fund growth and for other general corporate 
purposes. 
Such significant leverage could impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA 
and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
RISKS RELATING TO PLEDGES AND SECURITY  
Limited market for sale of shares upon an enforcement of the respective share pledges 
Due to the specific and regulated nature of the Borrower Security Group (including statutory controls and restrictions 
regarding the ownership of the Caruna Group), upon the enforcement of the relevant share pledges and a decision by 
the Borrower Secured Creditors (including the Issuer) to sell such shares, there can be no assurance that there will be a 
market for such shares or if there is one that it will provide the Borrower Secured Creditors (including the Issuer) with 
sufficient recoveries to meet the payment obligations of the Borrower Secured Creditors or that any such liquidity will 
continue for the life of the Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the Bonds must be prepared to hold such Bonds for 
an indefinite period of time or until final redemption on maturity of the Bonds. 
It may be difficult to realise the full value of the Issuer Security securing the Bonds 
The Issuer Security may be subject to certain limitations permitted under the Issuer Finance Documents. Such 
limitations could adversely affect the value of the Issuer Security securing the Bonds as well as the ability of the Issuer 
Security Trustee to enforce that security. In addition, the Issuer Security may be subject to practical problems generally 
associated with the realisation of security interests in the Issuer Security. For example, the Issuer Security Trustee may 
need to obtain the consent of a court to enforce the Issuer Security. There can be no assurance that the Issuer Security 
Trustee will be able to obtain any such consent. 
It may be difficult for the Issuer to realise the full value of the Borrower Security 
The Issuer is a Borrower Secured Creditor for the benefit of the Bondholders and as such would participate in the 
Borrower Security for the benefit of the Bondholders. The Bondholders will not have a direct security interest in the 
Borrower Security and will not be entitled to take independent enforcement action in respect of the Borrower Security. 
The Borrower Security will be subject to certain limitations permitted under the Borrower Finance Documents. Such 
limitations will adversely affect the value of the Borrower Security as well as the ability of the Borrower Security 
Trustee to enforce that security. In addition, the security interests of the Borrower Security Trustee (in particular the 
Borrower Security governed by Finnish law securing the assets of the Borrower Obligors) may be subject to practical 
problems generally associated with the realisation of security interests in the Borrower Security. For example, the 
Borrower Security Trustee may need to obtain the consent or a judgment of a court to enforce the Borrower Security or 
certain fixed assets may need to be returned to the Caruna Group if this is necessary for the continuance of its operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Borrower Security Trustee will be able to obtain any such consent or favourable

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
judgment. Further, any enforcement action may cause any member of the Caruna Group to file for insolvency or be 
otherwise value-destructive. The amount of funds that may be realised by the Borrower Secured Creditors (which 
includes the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor) or the Borrower Security Trustee may be limited or reduced if, among other 
things: (a) certain Finnish perfection formalities are not satisfied; (b) claims are subject to claw-back in accordance with 
the Finnish Act on Recovery to a Bankruptcy Estate or to deduction of realisation costs; (c) certain legal formalities are 
not taken at the time or before the enforcement action is taken; or (d) a court or a bankruptcy administrator imposes a 
moratorium, or takes any other step within the insolvency laws of Finland that may delay or prevent the Borrower 
Security Trustee or the Borrower Secured Creditors (which includes the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor) from realising the 
assets of the Borrower Security Group. There can be no assurance that the Borrower Security is sufficient to cover the 
Borrower’s obligations in full or part, which may impact the ability of the Borrower to meet its payment obligations 
under the IBLA, and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
The business of the Caruna Group (and specifically, the Caruna OpCos) is subject to regulations and licence 
requirements and may be adversely affected if either of the Caruna OpCos is unable to comply with existing regulations 
or requirements or if changes in applicable regulations or requirements occur. In the event of foreclosure, the network 
distribution licence of each of the Caruna OpCos could be revoked or the transfer of the licences could be prohibited. 
There can be no assurance that the applicable governmental authorities will consent to the transfer of the licences of the 
Caruna OpCos (should such consent be required). If the regulatory approvals required for such transfers are not 
obtained, are delayed or are economically prevented, the foreclosure may be delayed, a temporary or lasting shutdown 
of operations may result and the value of the Borrower Security may be significantly decreased. 
Certain Borrower Security may be unenforceable 
While as a general rule security granted at the time when a debt is incurred is not subject to a recovery risk, pursuant to 
applicable law, a transaction can, subject to certain prerequisites, be revoked if the transaction were concluded within a 
certain period of time (the length of which varies depending on the type of transaction and the parties thereto) before 
the application for bankruptcy, reorganisation or execution was filed with the competent court. Mandatory insolvency 
laws may, therefore, under specific circumstances require that the Borrower Security be recovered to the assets or 
bankruptcy estate of the Borrower Obligors, or otherwise held to be unenforceable. The amount of funds that may be 
realised by the Borrower Secured Creditors (which includes the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor) or the Borrower Security 
Trustee may be limited or reduced if, among other things: (a) certain Finnish perfection formalities are not satisfied; (b) 
claims are subject to claw-back in accordance with the Finnish Act on Recovery to a Bankruptcy Estate or to deduction 
of realisation costs; (c) certain legal formalities are not taken at the time or before the enforcement action is taken; or 
(d) a court or a bankruptcy administrator imposes a moratorium, or takes any other step within the insolvency laws of 
Finland that may delay or prevent the Borrower Security Trustee or the Borrower Secured Creditors (which includes 
the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor) from realising the assets of the Borrower Security Group. In such case, there can be no 
assurance that any remaining security is sufficient to cover the Borrower’s obligations in full or in part, which may 
impact the ability of the Borrower to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Certain Issuer Security may be unenforceable 
While as a general rule security granted at the time when a debt is incurred is not subject to a recovery risk, pursuant to 
applicable law, a transaction can, subject to certain prerequisites, be revoked if the transaction were concluded within a 
certain period of time (the length of which varies depending on the type of transaction and the parties thereto) before 
the application for bankruptcy, reorganisation or execution was filed with the competent court. Mandatory insolvency 
laws may, therefore, under specific circumstances require that the Issuer Security be recovered to the assets or 
bankruptcy estate of the Issuer or otherwise held to be unenforceable. In such case, there can be no assurance that any 
remaining security is sufficient to cover the Issuer’s obligations in full or in part, which may impact the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds.  
The pledge of the Borrower’s bank accounts and receivables may be ineffective

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
The Borrower Security includes pledges over the Borrower Obligors’ bank accounts and certain receivables. The 
Borrower Obligors are entitled to use the funds on certain pledged bank accounts until the delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice and payments of principal under the pledged receivables may be made to the pledgors until an Enforcement 
Period (under the Borrower Security) begins. Where a pledgor is entitled to use the funds on the pledged bank account, 
and where principal in respect of a pledged receivable may be paid to the pledgor, a pledge over such bank account and 
receivables is not perfected until such account is closed i.e. the pledgor can no longer use the funds on the account or 
receive payment of pledged receivables. Even if the pledgor would not be entitled to use or receive such funds but such 
funds would contractually be able to be used for a purpose other than satisfaction of the obligations secured, it is not 
entirely clear under Finnish law whether a pledge over such bank account and receivables would be considered duly 
perfected. If the pledge over the bank accounts and receivables is not considered duly perfected there is a risk that the 
Borrower Secured Creditors (which includes the Issuer) (in respect of the Borrower Security) will not have priority to 
the funds standing to the credit of such bank accounts and receivables, as applicable, at the time of enforcement of 
security and such pledge will be subject to revocation risk or being otherwise unenforceable. Further, the Finnish legal 
status is unclear with respect to the validity of a pledge over identifiable but as yet unearned receivables (e.g. any future 
rights and/or interest accruing from pledged shares (such as dividends) and other pledged assets). 
The pledge of the Issuer’s bank accounts and receivables may be ineffective 
The Issuer Security includes pledges over the Issuer’s bank accounts. The Issuer is entitled to use the funds on the 
pledged bank account. Where a pledgor is entitled to use the funds on the pledged bank account, a pledge over such 
bank account is not perfected until such account is closed i.e. the pledgor can no longer use the funds on the account. 
Even if the pledgor would not be entitled to use or receive such funds but such funds would contractually be able to be 
used for a purpose other than satisfaction of the obligations secured, it is not entirely clear under English law whether 
a pledge over such bank account would be considered duly perfected. If the pledge over the bank accounts is not 
considered duly perfected there is a risk that the Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders) (in respect of the 
Issuer Security) will not have priority to the funds standing to the credit of such bank accounts and receivables, as 
applicable, at the time of enforcement of security. 
RISKS RELATING TO POTENTIAL INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS 
Insolvency laws may adversely affect the validity of the Borrower Security 
The initiation of insolvency proceedings, including bankruptcy and reorganisation proceedings, may result in the assets 
of the insolvent company (or, in the case of early/preventive company reorganisation, not yet insolvent but at risk of 
becoming insolvent) being taken over by a court-appointed administrator in which case the right to dispose of the said 
assets could also be transferred to such an administrator and, in the case of reorganisation proceedings, result in a general 
prohibition on payment, collection and execution of debts and enforcement of security (in the case of preventive 
reorganisation, only if so decided by the court), which applies to all creditors. The initiation of such proceedings may, 
therefore, have a materially adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower Security Trustee (in respect of the Borrower 
Security) to initiate or to control any enforcement proceedings relating to such assets. If such insolvency proceedings 
are commenced, the ability to realise the Borrower Security might be prohibited, delayed and/or the value of the 
Borrower Security impaired if, for example: (a) certain Finnish perfection formalities are not satisfied; (b) claims are 
subject to claw-back in accordance with the Finnish Act on Recovery to a Bankruptcy Estate or to deduction of 
realisation costs; (c) certain legal formalities are not taken at the time or before the enforcement action is taken; or (d) 
a court or a bankruptcy administrator imposes a moratorium, or takes any other step within the insolvency laws of 
Finland that may delay or prevent the Borrower Security Trustee or the Borrower Secured Creditors (which includes 
the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor) from realising the assets of the Borrower Security Group. This may, in turn, impact the 
moneys available to the Issuer to make payments owed by it in respect of the Bonds. The realisation process may also 
take more time than expected and, as such, Borrower Secured Creditors may not receive the invested principal and the 
accrued interest when due under the terms of each Authorised Credit Facility. In addition, enforcement of the relevant 
security may, where applicable, be limited to the extent of the amount which can be secured by a particular security 
provider without rendering security voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Specifically, certain Borrower Security is limited as required by an application of law (including, inter alia, the 
provisions of Finnish law regulating financial assistance and unlawful distribution of assets). The liability of each such 
security provider in respect of such obligations will only apply to the extent permitted by the relevant law. Therefore, it 
is possible that the actual effective scope of liability under the Borrower Security is substantially less than the aggregate 
amount of liabilities expressed to be secured. 
Further, in respect of certain Borrower Security, the Finnish Act on Payment Order of Creditors (1578/1992, as 
amended) provides that in the relevant pledgor’s bankruptcy, claims secured by business mortgage enjoy priority only 
up to 50 per cent. of the enforcement proceeds of the assets covered by such business mortgage and never exceeding 
the aggregate of the principal amount of the relevant business mortgage notes, the interest specified therein for up to 
three years and the amount of enforcement costs specified in such notes. The principal amount of the relevant business 
mortgage notes is no indication, in insolvency proceedings or otherwise, of the amount of recovery actually available 
for claims secured by the relevant business mortgage and the amount recovered may be substantially less than the 
principal amount of the business mortgage notes. Further, the principal amount of real estate mortgage notes is no 
indication, in insolvency proceedings or otherwise, of the amount of recovery actually available for claims secured by 
the relevant real estate mortgage and the amount recovered may be substantially less than the principal amount of the 
real estate mortgage notes. 
If certain insolvency laws in the Netherlands (in respect of the Parent Share Pledge) or in Finland (in respect of each 
Finnish Security Agreement) adversely affect the validity of the Borrower Security, it may affect the ability of the Issuer 
(as a Borrower Secured Creditor) to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Insolvency laws may adversely affect the validity of the Issuer Security 
The initiation of insolvency proceedings, including bankruptcy and reorganisation proceedings, may result in the assets 
of the insolvent company being taken over by a court-appointed administrator in which case the right to dispose of the 
said assets could also be transferred to such an administrator and, in the case of reorganisation proceedings, result in a 
general prohibition on payment, collection and execution of debts and enforcement of security, which applies to all 
creditors. The initiation of such proceedings may, therefore, have a materially adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
Security Trustee or Bondholders (in respect of the Issuer Security) to initiate or to control any enforcement proceedings 
relating to such assets. If such insolvency proceedings are commenced, the ability to realise the Issuer Security might 
be prohibited, delayed and/or the value of the Issuer Security impaired. The realisation process may also take more time 
than expected, and the holders of the Bonds may not receive the invested principal and the accrued interest when due 
under the terms and conditions of the Bonds. In addition, enforcement of the relevant security may, where applicable, 
be limited to the extent of the amount which can be secured by a particular security provider without rendering security 
voidable or otherwise ineffective under applicable law. 
Unforeseen changes to the interpretation of the Issuer’s centre of main interests may prevent the opening of 
insolvency proceedings in Ireland 
The Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. As a result, there is a rebuttable presumption that its centre of main interest 
(“COMI”) is in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency proceedings applicable to it would be governed by 
Irish law. In the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) in relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, 
the CJEU restated the presumption in Council Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency 
Proceedings (such regulation now replaced by Regulation (EC) 2015/898 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the “Recast Insolvency Regulation”), that the place of a 
company’s registered office is presumed to be the company’s COMI and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted 
if “factors which are both objective and ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation 
exists which is different from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect”. Further, recital 30 of 
the Recast Insolvency Regulation states it is possible to rebut the presumption where a company’s central administration 
is located in an EU Member State other than that of its registered office and applying the above Eurofood principle. As 
the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has an Irish corporate 
services provider, the Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although this would

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked 
to make that decision. If the Issuer’s COMI is not located in Ireland, and is held to be in a different jurisdiction within 
the European Union, main insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Ireland.  
Claims of preferred creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant floating security 
upon insolvency of the Issuer 
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of the Issuer, in the application of the proceeds of assets subject to floating security 
that may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential 
creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant floating security. These preferred claims 
include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (that may include any 
borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his appointment) that have 
been approved by the Irish courts (please see “An Examiner appointed upon the Issuer’s insolvency may propose 
schemes of arrangement resulting in write-downs of debt and setting aside of negative pledges as well as incur excessive 
costs with priority over creditors’ claims against the Issuer” on page 45). 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include the Issuer) 
may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue Commissioners, to 
pay to them sums equivalent to those that the holder received in payment of debts due to it by the company. 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the security 
within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of 
the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the issuance of the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners’ notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by another person in 
order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax, whether the liabilities are due on its own 
account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered 
by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in 
question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company that are subject to security, a person entitled to the 
benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the company on a disposal of those 
assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have the right to deal with the assets that 
are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or appropriating the moneys 
or claims constituting such assets and, accordingly, if and to the extent that such liberty is given to the Issuer, any charge 
constituted by the Trust Deed may operate as a floating rather than a fixed charge. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that, in order to create a fixed charge on receivables, it is necessary to oblige the 
chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account and to prohibit the chargor 
from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the moneys standing to the credit of such account without the consent of 
the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually permitted to be exercised by the chargor under the terms of the relevant 
security document, there is a possibility that what was intended to be fixed security over the Issuer’s account would be 
regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained in the floating 
charge) of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain taxes 
on winding-up;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(c) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(d) 
the examiner of a company has certain powers to deal with the property covered by the floating charge, although 
such powers (where not consented to by the floating charge holder) are subject to court approval; and 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
An Examiner appointed upon the Issuer’s insolvency may propose schemes of arrangement resulting in write-
downs of debt and setting aside of negative pledges as well as incur excessive costs with priority over creditors' 
claims against the Issuer 
The Issuer may be subject to Examinership. Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 
2014, in order to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. 
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or shareholders of the 
Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the voting share capital of the Issuer 
are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power 
to repudiate contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after his appointment and, in certain 
circumstances, he can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to his appointment. Furthermore, he may 
(with the approval of the charge holder or of the court) sell assets that are the subject of a fixed charge. However, if 
such power is exercised, he must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge the 
amount due to them out of the proceeds of sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement which 
are with a view to allowing for the survival of the company, or the whole or any part of its undertaking, as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement will only be approved by the Irish High Court or Circuit Court (as applicable) if the 
following conditions are satisfied, i.e.: (i) at least one class of creditors whose interests or claims would be impaired by 
the proposals has voted in favour of the proposals; (ii) the sole or primary purpose of the proposals is not the avoidance 
of payment of tax due; and (iii) the applicable court is satisfied that such proposals are: (a) fair and equitable in relation 
to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose interests would be impaired by 
implementation of the scheme of arrangement; and (b) not unfairly prejudicial to the interests of any interested party. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form separate classes 
of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Issuer Security Trustee represented the majority in number and value of 
claims within the secured creditor class, the Issuer Security Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal not in 
favour of the Issuer Secured Creditors. The Issuer Security Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the applicable 
court hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and inequitable 
in relation to the Issuer Secured Creditors, especially if such proposals included a writing down of the value of amounts 
due by the Issuer to the Issuer Secured Creditors. The primary risks to Issuer Secured Creditors if an examiner were to 
be appointed to the Issuer are as follows: 
(a) 
the potential for a scheme of arrangement to be approved involving the writing down of the debt owed by the 
Issuer to the Issuer Secured Creditors as secured by the Issuer Security Documents; 
(b) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Issuer Security Documents 
prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the examiner to borrow 
to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
(c) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into liquidation, the 
examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings, if incurred by the examiner on behalf of 
the Issuer and approved by the applicable court) will take priority over the moneys and liabilities that from time 
to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the Issuer to the Issuer Secured Creditors.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
TAX RISKS 
Withholding tax in respect of the IBLA could have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer’s ability to make timely 
payments under the Bonds 
Under Finnish law, all interest payments by Caruna Networks to the Issuer under the IBLA can be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of Finnish tax. If Finnish law or taxation practice changes so that an 
obligation on Caruna Networks to withhold Finnish tax on interest payments to the Issuer under the IBLA is introduced, 
the Issuer will seek to rely on the Double Tax Treaty between Finland and Ireland, which currently does not allow 
Finland to tax interest payments by Finnish residents to Irish residents that are the beneficial owner of the interest, 
provided that the interest does not arise through a Finnish permanent establishment of the recipient. 
However, in the event of a change in law or taxation practice at both a domestic level in Finland and at an international 
level, Caruna Networks may be required to withhold or deduct Finnish tax from the interest payable to the Issuer under 
the IBLA. In that event, the interest payment from Caruna Networks to the Issuer will be increased so that, after such 
withholding or deduction has been made, the Issuer will receive a cash amount equal to the amount that it would have 
received had no such withholding or deduction been required to be made. 
If Caruna Networks does not have sufficient funds to make increased payments to the Issuer, the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its payment obligations under the Bonds may be affected. 
Recent changes in the Finnish interest deductibility rules might affect the deductibility of the interest expense for Caruna 
Networks under the IBLA. The current rules have been applicable as of tax year 2019 with latest updates applicable as 
of tax year 2023, and have significantly tightened the previous regulation, especially in respect of tax deductibility of 
interest paid on loans from unrelated parties (external loans).  
The current applicable legislation in respect of relevant parts is as follows: 
1. 
All Finnish corporate entities are included in the scope of the rules. 
2. 
Interest expenses on both intra-group and external loans fall within the scope of the rules. If the net interest 
expenses of a company exceed the general minimum threshold of EUR 500,000, the net interest expenses are 
deductible to the amount of 25% of the tax EBITD. The tax EBITD is calculated by adding back gross interest 
expenses as well as tax depreciation to the taxable profit/loss before applying the interest deduction limitations. 
3. 
Notwithstanding the above, net interest expenses paid to unrelated parties are deductible always up to 
EUR 3,000,000, (unless contaminated as related party interest expenses, e.g. due to cross pledging of receivables 
by another group company as collateral for the IBLA, in which case all net interest expenses would be subject 
to the 25% tax EBITD rule, if the net interest expenses exceed the general minimum threshold of EUR 500,000). 
4. 
The definition of “related parties” covers direct or indirect 50% ownership, control or profit share through a 
corporation or natural person. 
5. 
In addition to expenses covered by the national definition of interest, the new limitation rules cover expenses in 
connection with the raising of finance, such as guarantee fees, arrangement fees and similar costs related to the 
borrowing of funds, such as payments on the basis of interest rate swaps. 
6. 
The interest deduction restrictions will not apply in case the taxpayer demonstrates that its ratio of equity over 
the total assets on its audited and adopted balance sheet is equal to or higher than the ratio of equity over total 
assets on the audited and adopted balance sheet of the whole consolidated group. The consolidated balance sheet 
has to cover the whole group and be prepared in the EU, EEA or tax treaty country in accordance with the 
international accounting standards or rules that correspond to the accounting rules of an EU or EEA country. In 
case the consolidated balance sheet is prepared using a different accounting standard than the balance sheet of 
the Finnish taxpayer, the taxpayer has to convert the consolidated balance sheet or the separate entity balance 
sheet to follow the rules that have been followed in the preparation of the other balance sheet that is used in the 
comparison. When calculating the ratio of equity over total assets of the consolidated group, loans are treated as

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
equity if they are from creditors that, together with their related parties, have at least 10% of the shares, voting 
power, or rights to the profits of the taxpayer or any party related to such taxpayer (the “Significant 
Shareholders”). From 2023, if according to the consolidated accounts, at least 20 % of the interests to unrelated 
parties have been paid to Significant Shareholders, the safe harbour balance sheet test is not at all applicable.  
7. 
The foregoing restrictions apply as of tax year 2019, i.e. for accounting periods ending on or after 1 January 
2019. However, the restrictions will not apply to loans signed on 16 June 2016 or earlier, even if the funds would 
have been withdrawn after the said date. However, the restrictions should apply in respect of any changes to the 
terms and conditions of such "old" loans concerning the loan amount or the loan period after said cut-off date. 
8. 
Non-deductible net interest expenses can be carried forward and deducted during future tax years within the 
limits described above. 
For the purposes of the rules, the interest expense paid to the Issuer by Caruna Networks under the IBLA should be 
deemed as unrelated party interest expense. However, in the situation where related parties pledge receivables as 
security for Caruna Networks’ obligations under the IBLA, the loan, or at least part of it, could be deemed to be issued 
between related parties. 
Since the rules also apply to interest expense on unrelated party loans, some of Caruna Networks interest expenses 
under the IBLA may become non-deductible for Finnish tax purposes.  
Therefore, there remains the risk that tax relief would not be available as widely as it used to be which may negatively 
impact the available cash flows of Caruna Networks and may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment 
obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Irish Taxation of the Issuer  
The Issuer should be a “qualifying company” for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA (“Section 110”). If the Issuer 
was to cease to be a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
Irish tax position, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments to the Bondholders. 
The Issuer has been advised that it should constitute a “qualifying company” for the purposes of Section 110. In order 
for the Issuer to constitute a "qualifying company", it must satisfy certain conditions. In terms of ongoing conditions, 
the Issuer must remain resident for tax purposes in Ireland, must carry on no activities other than the business of holding, 
managing or both the holding and managing of qualifying assets within the meaning of Section 110 and, other than 
interest payable on any profit or results dependent securities, must enter into all transactions by way of bargain made at 
arm's length. In this regard, we note that the Issuer has covenanted to ensure that it will remain a "qualifying company" 
for the purposes of Section 110. Under Section 110, the Issuer should be subject to Irish corporation tax only on its 
profit calculated under generally accepted accounting practices, after deducting all of its revenue expenses (including 
interest payable to the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds). In particular, as a "qualifying company" under Section 
110, the Issuer may take a deduction for tax purposes for profit or results dependent interest where that interest is paid 
on a quoted Eurobond and paid through a non-Irish paying agent.  
If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be such a “qualifying company” for the purposes of Section 110, and is 
not entitled to deduct all its revenue expenses for Irish tax purposes, this could result in an increased amount of tax 
being payable in Ireland. In turn, this could, therefore, affect the return which the Bondholders receive on the Bonds. 
Corporation tax - Deductibility of Interest 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Bonds which are profit dependent or any part of which exceeds a reasonable 
commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a non-deductible distribution 
and be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain circumstances.  
Firstly, under Irish tax law restrictions on deductibility of interest could arise if the Irish Issuer acquires assets related 
to Irish land. These restrictions apply to qualifying companies which carry on a business of holding, managing or both 
holding and managing of assets described as "specified mortgages". Specified mortgages broadly includes loans secured

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
on and deriving their value from Irish real estate, units in an Irish Real Estate Fund (“IREF”) or shares that derive their 
value, or the greater part of their value from Irish land. As such, the restrictions on deductibility should not apply if the 
Issuer does not hold or manage specified mortgages. If the Irish Issuer does hold or manage specified mortgages, the 
Irish Issuer's ability to deduct its financing costs may be impacted. 
Secondly, such interest or other distributions will be recharacterised as a non-deductible distribution where the payment 
is made to a “specified person” and the Issuer, at the time the Bonds were issued, was aware that interest or other 
distributions paid on the Bonds would not be subject, without reduction computed by reference to the amount of such 
interest or other distribution, to a tax in a Relevant Territory. 
Changes introduced to the concept of "specified person" could impact the taxation of the Issuer. These changes have 
applied since 1 January 2020 (with no grandfathering provided for in respect of transactions entered into in advance of 
implementation). The changes expanded the scope of the definition of “specified person” so that certain provisions 
which deny a deduction for profit dependant or excessive interest were widened to encompass payments to persons who 
are borrowers under loans acquired by the company, as well as under loans advanced by the company. The definition 
of control in the “specified person” definition was also widened to include persons that have “significant influence” 
over the company and hold more than 20% of the shares in the company, 20% by principal value of the debt carrying 
profit dependant or excessive interest issue by the company (or any securities with no par value) or 20% of the interest 
on such securities. Significant influence is defined as meaning the ability to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of the company. 
These amendments could result interest paid by the Issuer to such persons (and/or certain connected persons) on any 
Bonds, the return on which is dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business or exceeds a commercial rate of return, 
being non-deductible and potentially subject to dividend withholding tax. 
Thirdly, deductibility may be restricted where the interest or other distribution paid, or the security to which the payment 
relates forms part of any arrangement or scheme of which the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, is the 
avoidance of Irish tax or could not reasonably be considered to be for bona fide commercial purposes. 
New or unforeseen interpretations of the OECD Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting may lead to 
changes in the application or interpretation of these double tax treaties resulting in the Issuer being treated as 
having a taxable permanent establishment outside of Ireland  
International fiscal and tax policy and practice is constantly evolving and the pace of evolution has quickened in recent 
years due to a number of developments, including in particular, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development's (“OECD”) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project (“BEPS”) 
On 5 October 2015, the OECD published final reports, analyses and sets of recommendations for all of the fifteen 
actions it identified as part of its Action Plan, which G20 finance ministers then endorsed during a meeting on 8 October 
2015 in Lima, Peru (the “Final Report”). The Final Report was endorsed by G20 leaders during their annual summit 
on 15-16 November 2015 in Antalya, Turkey. 
On 24 November 2016, more than 100 jurisdictions (including Finland and Ireland) concluded negotiations on a 
multilateral instrument (the “MLI”) that is intended to implement a number of BEPS related measures swiftly, including 
Actions 6 and 7 discussed in further detail below. The effect of the MLI is that countries (including Ireland) will 
transpose certain provisions relating to the BEPS project into their existing networks of bilateral tax treaties without the 
requirement to re-negotiate each treaty individually. The date from which provisions of the MLI have effect in relation 
to a treaty depends on several factors including the type of tax which the article relates to. 
The MLI is to be applied alongside existing tax treaties (rather than amending them directly), modifying the application 
of those existing treaties in order to implement BEPS measures. The first high-level signing ceremony for the MLI took 
place on 7 June 2017. Finland and Ireland signed the MLI with both countries indicating that the double tax treaty 
entered into between Finland and Ireland is to be designated as a Covered Tax Agreement, being a tax treaty that is to 
be modified by the MLI. Finland and Ireland have submitted their preliminary lists of reservations and notifications.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
On 25 February 2019, Finland deposited its instrument of ratification for the MLI. Finland’s definitive list of 
reservations and notifications to the MLI identifies 70 tax treaties (including Ireland) that it wishes to be covered by the 
convention. The MLI entered into force in Finland on 1 June 2019. Ireland formally deposited its instrument of 
ratification with the OECD on 29 January 2019 and the MLI came into force in Ireland on 1 May 2019. As both Ireland 
and Finland deposited their instruments of ratification for the MLI prior to 1 March 2019, the application of the MLI 
under the double tax treaty between Finland and Ireland has taken effect from 1 January 2020. By the end of March 
2023, a total of 80 jurisdictions have ratified, accepted or approved the MLI, which currently covers approximately 
1,850 tax treaties.  
A change in the application or interpretation of these double tax treaties (as a result of the implementation of the MLI 
or otherwise) might result in the Issuer being treated as having a taxable permanent establishment outside of Ireland, in 
denying the Issuer the benefit of Ireland’s network of double tax treaties or in other tax consequences for the Issuer. In 
each case, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, tax and financial position. 
Action 6 and the MLI 
The focus of Action 6 is the prevention of treaty abuse by developing model treaty provisions to prevent the granting 
of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. The Final Report recommends, as a minimum, that countries should 
include in their tax treaties: (i) an express statement that the common intention of each contracting state which is party 
to such treaties is to eliminate double taxation without creating opportunities for non-taxation or reduced taxation 
through tax evasion or avoidance; and one, or both, of (ii) a “limitation-on-benefits” (“LOB”) rule; and (iii) a “principal 
purpose test” (“PPT”) rule. 
The MLI provides for double tax treaties to include a PPT, which would deny a treaty benefit where it is reasonable to 
conclude, having regard to all relevant facts and circumstances, that obtaining that benefit was one of the principal 
purposes of any arrangement or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, unless it is established that 
granting that benefit in those circumstances would be in accordance with the object and purpose of the relevant 
provisions of the treaty. Both Finland and Ireland have chosen to adopt the PPT which is the only approach that can 
satisfy the minimum standard required on its own. Outbound payments from Irish entities such as the Issuer should 
continue to benefit from existing domestic exemptions from withholding tax. It is unclear how the PPT, would be applied 
by the tax authorities of those jurisdictions from which payments are made to the Issuer 
The MLI also permits jurisdictions to choose to apply, in addition to the “principal purpose test”, a “simplified limitation 
of benefits” rule. This rule would generally deny a treaty benefit if the Issuer were not a “qualified person”. It is not 
expected that the Issuer would be a “qualified person”. However, the Issuer may nevertheless be able to claim treaty 
benefits if either: (i) persons who would be entitled to equivalent or more favourable treaty benefits were they to own 
the income or earn the profits of the Issuer directly own at least 75% of the beneficial interests of the Issuer for at least 
half of the days of any 12 month period that includes the time when the Issuer is claiming the treaty benefit; or (ii) the 
Issuer is able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the relevant tax authority that neither its establishment, acquisition or 
maintenance, nor the conduct of its operation, had as one of its principal purposes the obtaining of the treaty benefit. 
Action 7 
The focus of Action 7 was to develop changes to the treaty definition of a “permanent establishment” and the scope of 
the exemption for an “agent of independent status” to prevent the artificial avoidance of having a permanent 
establishment in a particular jurisdiction. The Final Report on Action 7 sets out the changes that will be made to the 
definition of a “permanent establishment” in Article 5 of the OECD Model Convention and the OECD Model 
Commentary. Among other recommendations, the Final Report on Action 7 recommended two specific changes to the 
OECD Model Convention: (i) the expansion of the circumstances in which a “permanent establishment” is created to 
include the negotiation of contracts where certain conditions are satisfied; and (ii) narrowing the exemption for agents 
of independent status where contracts are concluded by an “independent agent” and that agent is connected to the foreign 
enterprise on behalf of which it is acting. Finland and Ireland have not adopted through the MLI the new tests for when 
an agent can constitute a permanent establishment.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive  
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package the EU Commission published a draft Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive on 28 
January 2016, which was formally adopted by the EC Council on 12 July 2016 in Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(the “ATAD I”). Member States had until 31 December 2018 to implement ATAD I, subject to derogations for Member 
States which have equivalent measures in their domestic law. 
Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD I is an interest limitation rule, restricting the amount of interest which 
may be claimed as a tax deductible expense of the Issuer, similar to the recommendation contained in the BEPS Action 
4 proposals.  
The interest limitation rule applies in Ireland to accounting periods of “relevant entities” commencing on or after 1 
January 2022.  
The interest limitation rule provides that interest costs in excess of 30% of an entity’s earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation will not be deductible in the year in which they are incurred but may remain available for 
carry forward. The restriction on interest deductibility only applies in respect of the amount by which the borrowing 
costs exceed interest revenues and other equivalent revenues.  
To the extent the Issuer funds interest payments it makes under the Bonds solely from interest revenues and equivalent 
amounts to which it is entitled to under the IBLA, the Issuer should have limited, or no, exceeding borrowing costs. In 
such circumstances, there should be no material impact on the Issuer’s tax position. However, there is still uncertainty 
as to how any gains arising with respect to loan assets, including non-performing loan assets, will be treated for the 
purposes of the interest limitation rule. 
The interest limitation rule also provides for a de minimis exemption such that in circumstances where the Issuer's 
exceeding borrowing costs in a financial year are less than €3m, no restriction should apply. 
The legislation contains additional exceptions, including the concept of a "single company worldwide group", which 
may be relevant to the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer is not included in consolidated financial statements by any 
entity and does not elect to be part of an Irish interest group. In July 2022, Irish Revenue published guidance on the 
interest limitation rule which further details the application of this exception.  
If, as a result of the interest limitation rule there is a restriction in the amount of interest for which the Issuer can take a 
tax deduction, this may result in an increased Irish tax liability for the Issuer 
EU Anti-hybrid Rules 
ATAD I includes measures to implement the recommendations of a number of BEPS action items, including Action 2 
on hybrid mismatch arrangements. The hybrid mismatch provisions of ATAD I were limited in scope and only addressed 
mismatch arrangements arising between EU member states. It was therefore agreed that there should be a subsequent 
directive to amend ATAD I to address other areas of concern identified, including introducing measures to address 
hybrid mismatch arrangements with third countries and expand the range of mismatches targeted. An initial draft was 
published on 25 October 2016, and the text of the Directive was agreed by the Council of the EU on 21 February 2017. 
Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 as regards hybrid mismatches with third 
countries was published on 29 May 2017 and came into force on 27 June 2017 (“ATAD II”). 
ATAD II significantly extends the rules on hybrid mismatches. A hybrid mismatch arrangement is a cross-border 
arrangement that generally uses a hybrid entity or hybrid instrument and results in a mismatch in the tax treatment of a 
payment across jurisdictions. 
ATAD II covers hybrid mismatches arising between (i) associated enterprises, (ii) head offices and permanent 
establishments and (iii) permanent establishments of the same entity. The forms of hybrid mismatch that are most likely 
to be relevant to an entity such as the Issuer relate to financial instrument mismatches and hybrid entity mismatches.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
In very broad terms, if a hybrid mismatch results from differences in the characterisation of a financial instrument, the 
EU member state where the payment is sourced from shall deny the deduction, unless the non-EU member state has 
already done so. Financial instrument is very broadly defined to include any instrument that gives rise to a financing or 
equity return that is taxed under the rules for taxing debt, equity or derivatives under the law of either jurisdiction 
involved. The rules in relation to financial instrument mismatches could impact financing arrangements such as 
preferred or convertible equity certificates (“PECs” or “CPECs”), but also debt instruments which are “stapled” with 
an equity instrument or which are treated as debt in one jurisdiction and as equity in another jurisdiction.  
The new rules also deal with so-called hybrid entities where an entity or arrangement is regarded as a taxable entity in 
one jurisdiction and whose income or expenditure is treated as income or expenditure of one or more persons in another 
jurisdiction. These provisions could impact entities which “check the box” for U.S. tax purposes and are treated as 
transparent.  
The Issuer's Irish tax position may be impacted by Ireland's implementation of the anti-hybrid legislation which occurred 
as part of Irish Finance Act 2019. These anti-hybrid rules may impact the deductibility of payments of interest by the 
Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the Bonds, and claims deductions from its taxable income for, is not 
brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Bondholder, either because of the characterisation of the Bonds, 
or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the Bondholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between 
associated enterprises, between the Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement. Associated 
for these purposes includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25% or 
more or an entitlement to receive 25% or more (50% in certain circumstances) of the profits of that entity as well as 
entities that are part of the same consolidated group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a 
significant influence in the management of the taxpayer. For the purposes of the hybrid rules, a structured arrangement 
is one involving a mismatch outcome where the mismatch outcome is priced into the terms of the arrangement or the 
arrangement was designed to give rise to a mismatch outcome. 
Also Finland has implemented the anti-hybrid legislation by a separate act in 2019. Similarly to the above, to the extent 
that Caruna Networks and the Issuer would be deemed to be associated or are engaged in certain transactions which 
have, as their purpose, the exploitation of hybrid mismatches, these anti-hybrid rules may impact the deductibility of 
payments of interest by Caruna Networks to the Issuer, and this could in turn have an impact on the cash flow of Caruna 
Networks and Caruna Network’s ability to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA. Under the Finnish rules, 
”associated” for these purposes includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership 
of 50% or more or an entitlement to receive 50% or more of the profits of that entity, as well as entities that have the 
same direct or indirect owner (either a natural person or an entity) who owns 50% or more of the shares of both entities, 
or entities that have a significant influence in the management of the taxpayer.  
EU member states were required to change their domestic laws to implement these rules by 31 December 2019. The 
rules apply in Ireland with effect from 1 January 2020 (with an exception for reverse hybrids). 
The reverse hybrid rules, which apply in Ireland from 1 January 2022, are primarily relevant to entities that are treated 
as transparent for tax purposes. The Issuer is not treated as transparent for Irish tax purposes and, as such, no Irish tax 
impact should arise for the Issuer from the implementation of the reverse hybrid rules in Ireland. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE BONDS 
The Bonds will not be guaranteed 
None of the Bonds will be obligations of, nor will they be guaranteed by, any of the other parties or any company in the 
Borrower Security Group. Furthermore, the Bonds are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and no person other 
than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever to Bondholders in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any 
amount due under the Bonds. 
The Issuer is a special purpose company and has limited assets and limited ability to generate revenue and will 
depend on receipt of payments under the IBLA to meet the Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose financing entity. Other than the proceeds of the issuance Bonds and any other institutional 
debt (including PP Notes and Institutional Term Loans), the Issuer’s principal source of funds will be pursuant to the 
IBLA and funds available to it pursuant to the Issuer Liquidity Facility. Therefore, the Issuer is exposed to the risks 
relating to income and expenses to which the Borrower is subject. Such risks could limit funds available to the Borrower 
to enable the Borrower to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the IBLA. 
Reliance on third-parties may impact the performance of the Issuer and the Borrower Security Group 
The ability of the Issuer to pay amounts due under the Bonds depends upon a number of third parties such as the Issuer 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s) and the Issuer Account Bank. In the event that one or more of those parties is downgraded 
by one or more of the Rating Agencies or if one or more of such third parties defaults on its obligations to make payments 
to the Issuer, this may have an adverse effect on the rating of the Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
payment obligations in full. 
The ability of Caruna Networks to pay amounts due under the IBLA depends upon a number of third parties such as the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider(s), the Borrower Account Bank and the Borrower Hedge Counterparties. In the 
event that one or more of those parties defaults on its obligations to make payments to Caruna Networks, this may have 
an adverse effect on the ability of Caruna Networks to satisfy its payment obligations in full under the IBLA. If a 
Borrower Hedging Agreement is terminated, Caruna Networks may be exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and/or 
currencies that were previously hedged. Upon any such termination, Caruna Networks may be obliged to make a 
termination payment to the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty. The requirement to make such a termination 
payment may impact the ability of Caruna Networks to meet its payment obligations under the IBLA and, in turn, the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Bonds. 
Global and macro-economic issues, such as a financial downturn, or a pandemic such as that experienced in respect of 
COVID-19, and other challenges that could affect the global economy including impacts associated with acts of war or 
terrorism, economic sanctions imposed against Russia and Belarus by the EU, UK and U.S. as a result of Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, may have a negative impact on not only the Caruna Group, but the performance 
by third parties of their obligations towards the Caruna Group. 
Conflicts of interest may lead to actions being undertaken without the approval of all Bondholders 
The Trust Deed will require the Bond Trustee to have regard to the interests of all the Bondholders (so long as any of 
the Bonds remain outstanding) equally as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions of the Bond 
Trustee as if they formed a single class (except where expressly required otherwise). 
For so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding, the Bond Trustee shall not be bound to take any steps, proceedings or 
other actions unless: 
(a) 
it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities, proceedings, 
claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, charges and expenses which may be 
incurred by it in connection therewith; and 
(b) 
it has been directed or requested to do so by Bondholders together holding or representing 25 per cent. or more 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
The Bond Trustee may give its consent to any amendment to, or grant any waiver under or in respect of, any term of 
any Issuer Finance Document to which it is a party or over which it has security or give its written consent to any event, 
matter or thing (without the consent of the Bondholders or any other person) if to do so would, among other things, not, 
in its opinion, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders, or in certain circumstances, where a specified 
test or conditions have been met. 
The Bonds may not have sufficient liquidity due to the absence of an adequate secondary market  
There can be no assurance that a secondary market for the Bonds will develop or, if a secondary market does develop 
for any of the Bonds issued after the date of this Prospectus, that it will provide any holder of Bonds with liquidity or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
that any such liquidity will continue for the life of the Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the Bonds must be 
prepared to hold such Bonds for an indefinite period of time or until final redemption or maturity of the Bonds. 
The liquidity and market value of the Bonds at any time are affected by, among other things, the market view of the 
credit risk of such Bonds and will generally fluctuate with interest rates, general economic conditions, the condition of 
certain financial markets, international political events and the performance and financial condition of the Borrower 
Security Group. 
Bonds issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets 
Prospective investors who intend to invest in the Green Bonds issued under the Programme must determine for 
themselves the relevance of the information in the relevant Final Terms (for example, regarding the use of proceeds) 
for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investors deem 
necessary. In particular, no assurance is or can be given to investors that the Eligibility Criteria or the Eligible Green 
Project (each as defined in Chapter 13 (“Use of Proceeds”)) will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or 
all investor expectations regarding investment in “green bond”, “green” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled 
projects. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer and/or Caruna may request a sustainability 
rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (the “Green Finance Second Opinion”) 
confirming that the Green Bonds and Eligible Green Projects (as defined under Chapter 13 (“Use of Proceeds”) below) 
are in compliance with the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles. The ICMA 
Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote 
integrity in the development of the green bond market. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any confirmation of whether or not the Green Bonds or Eligible Green Projects are in compliance with 
the ICMA Green Bond Principles.  
The Green Finance Second Opinion is not incorporated into and does not form part of this Prospectus. The Green 
Finance Second Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk 
factors discussed here and other factors that may affect the value of the Green Bonds. The Green Finance Second 
Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of the date that the Green Finance 
Second Opinion was initially issued. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
‘green’ or ‘sustainable’, and therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that the Eligible Green Projects will 
meet all investor expectations regarding sustainability performance. Although the Eligible Green Projects have been 
selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the Green Finance Framework, and will be developed in 
accordance with the relevant legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental and/or 
social impacts will not occur during the design, constructions, commissioning and operation of the Eligible Green 
Projects. In addition, where negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the Eligible Green Projects may become 
controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy”) establishes a basis for the determination of the definitions of “green”, “sustainable” and 
“sustainability-linked” in the EU. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of 
the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the 
environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Until the technical screening criteria 
for such objectives have been developed it is not known whether the Issuer’s Green Bonds or Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical 
screening criteria are established, is not certain. 
Further, although the Issuer and the Caruna Group may agree at the time of issue of Green Bonds to certain reporting 
and use of proceeds (including in the case of certain divestments described under Use of Proceeds) it would not have

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
been an event of default under the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations and/or (ii) 
the Green Finance Second Opinion were to be withdrawn. The examples of Eligible Green Projects in Use of Proceeds 
are for illustrative purposes only and no assurance can be provided that disbursements for projects with these specific 
characteristics will be made by the Issuer during the terms of the Green Bonds. Any failure to use the net proceeds from 
the Green Bonds on Eligible Green Projects and/or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focussed investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the 
Green Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Green Bonds issued. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Bonds to fulfil social 
and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors.  
The Issuer and the Caruna Group make no representation as to the suitability of the Green Finance Second Opinion or 
of the Green Bonds to fulfil such environmental and sustainability criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to 
the factors described in Chapter 13 (“Use of Proceeds”). Each potential purchaser of the Green Bonds should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of 
the Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Investors should refer to Caruna 
Network’s website, the Green Finance Framework and the Green Finance Second Opinion for further information. The 
External Review Provider has been appointed by the Issuer. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are 
they responsible for, any assessment of the Green Finance Framework, any verification of whether or not the Green 
Bonds or Eligible Green Projects will satisfy such environmental and sustainability criteria as may be relevant and 
makes no representation as to the suitability of the Green Finance Second Opinion. For the avoidance of doubt the 
Green Finance Framework and the Compliance are not incorporated into and do not form part of this Prospectus.  
Rating Agency assessments, downgrades and changes to Rating Agency criteria may result in ratings volatility in 
respect of the Bonds 
The ratings to be assigned by the Rating Agencies to the Bonds reflect only the views of the particular Rating Agency 
and, in assigning the ratings, each Rating Agency takes into consideration the credit quality of the Borrower Obligors 
and structural features and other aspects of the transaction of which the Bonds form part. There can be no assurance 
that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information in relation to the 
Borrower Obligors’ underlying business and performance or if, in the Rating Agencies’ judgement, other circumstances 
so warrant. If any rating assigned to the Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Bonds may be reduced. 
Future events, including events affecting the Borrower Obligors and/or circumstances relating to the industry in which 
the Borrower Obligors operate, could have an adverse impact on the ratings of the Bonds. 
A confirmation from a Rating Agency that any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer will not have an adverse effect 
on the then current rating of the Bonds does not, for example, confirm that such action: (a) is permitted by the terms of 
the Issuer Finance Documents; or (b) is in the best interests of, or not prejudicial to, the Bondholders. While each of the 
Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders), the Issuer Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee (as applicable) 
are entitled to have regard to the fact that a Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current rating of the Bonds would 
not be adversely affected by such action, the above does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on that 
Rating Agency to the Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee) or the Issuer or any 
other person or create any legal relationship between the Rating Agencies and the Issuer Secured Creditors (including 
the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee) or any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
Any such confirmation from a Rating Agency may or may not be given at the sole discretion of that Rating Agency. It 
should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information required to be provided as 
part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a confirmation in the time available or 
at all. A confirmation from a Rating Agency, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing 
at the relevant time and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the Bonds form a part since 
the Establishment Date. A confirmation from a Rating Agency represents only a restatement of the then current rating

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
of the Bonds and cannot be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction of which the Bonds form 
a part. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning 
rating agency at any time. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks relating to the Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign an unsolicited credit rating to the Bonds. These ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and below 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Bonds. Such a rating may be lower than the rating assigned to the 
Bonds by the Rating Agencies and may impact the market value of the Bonds. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to the transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Similarly, UK-regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and the FCA maintains on its website, www.fca.org.uk, a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. These lists are updated after the adoption by ESMA or 
the FCA, respectively, of any decisions to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively. However, such lists are not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated list. 
Changes to covenants are subject to Ratings Confirmation 
Changes can be made to certain covenants provided that the Issuer obtains a Ratings Confirmation in respect of the 
particular change. The Rating Agencies may not provide their confirmation in the time available or at all, and they will 
not be responsible for the consequences thereof. A Ratings Confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts 
and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time. A Ratings Confirmation cannot be construed as advice for the benefit 
of any party to the transaction. No assurance can be given that, although a Ratings Confirmation in respect of any 
particular change has been provided, such change will not have an adverse impact upon the Issuer. 
Changes to relevant indexes may lead to volatility and other adverse effects to Index-Linked Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Bonds with principal or interest determined by reference to the Finnish Consumer Price Index. 
Potential investors of all Bonds, but particularly of Index-Linked Bonds, should be aware that: 
 
the market price of such Bonds may be volatile; 
 
they may receive no interest; 
 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected; 
 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
the Finnish Consumer Price Index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates or other indices; 
 
if the Finnish Consumer Price Index is applied to Bonds in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Finnish Consumer Price Index on principal or 
interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
 
the timing of changes in the Finnish Consumer Price Index may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Finnish Consumer 
Price Index, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical performance of the Finnish Consumer Price Index should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Index during the term of any Index-Linked Bonds. 
Certain risks related to Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain risks related to Fixed Rate Bonds  
Investment in the Bonds which bear a fixed rate of interest, involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Bonds. While the nominal interest 
rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a certain period of time, 
market interest rates typically change on a daily basis. As market interest rates change, the price of such security changes 
in the opposite direction. If market interest rates increase, the price of such security typically falls, until the yield of 
such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market interest rate. Conversely, if market interest rates fall, the 
price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such security is approximately equal 
to the prevailing market interest rate. Bondholders should be aware that the market price of the Bonds may fall as a 
result of movements in market interest rates. 
Denominations and trading of the Bonds may be subject to changes 
The Bonds will either be Bearer Bonds or Registered Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as the case may be) and serially numbered in the Specified Denomination(s) provided that in the case of 
any Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in a member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be £100,000, €100,000, 
U.S.$200,000 or not less than the equivalent of €100,000 in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Bonds. However, it should be noted that there is no restriction in the Terms and Conditions on issuing Bonds with a 
Specified Denomination of less than £100,000 (or equivalent). 
Bonds may be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples of a number that is smaller 
than the Specified Denomination. It is possible that the Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination: (a) may not be able to trade such holding; and (b) may not receive a definitive bond in respect of such 
holding (should Definitive Bonds (as defined in the Forms of Bonds) be printed) unless such Bondholder purchases a 
principal amount of Bonds such that its holding amounts to at least the minimum Specified Denomination. 
The Bonds could be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange control risks 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. The 
Issuer has no control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events 
and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. Moreover, if payments on certain Bonds are determined by 
reference to a formula containing a multiplier or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates between 
the applicable currencies will be magnified. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been highly 
volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future. Fluctuations 
between currencies in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur in the future. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Bonds, the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Bonds 
and the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal. 
Regulatory initiatives may result in increased regulatory capital requirements and/or decreased liquidity in 
respect of the Bonds 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the asset-backed securities 
industry. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are currently at various stages of 
implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the regulatory capital charge to certain investors in 
securitisation exposures and/or the incentives for certain investors to hold asset-backed securities, and may thereby 
affect the liquidity of such securities. Investors in the Bonds are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position 
and none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Bond Trustee or any other party named 
in this Prospectus makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Bonds regarding the 
regulatory capital treatment of their investment on the date of this Prospectus or at any time in the future. 
In particular, investors should be aware of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation which 
impose requirements on various types of EU and UK institutional investors (as applicable) including credit institutions, 
alternative investment fund managers, investment firms, insurance and reinsurance undertakings and UCITS 
management companies. Among other things, such requirements restrict EU and UK institutional investors (as 
applicable) from investing in a “securitisation” unless that investor is able to demonstrate that it has undertaken certain 
due diligence in respect of various matters including (i) an assessment of its bond position, the underlying assets and 
all the structural features that could materially impact performance; and (ii) verification that the originator, sponsor or 
original lender retains, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. in accordance 
with Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation (as applicable). 
Failure to comply with one or more of these requirements may result in penalties for EU and UK institutional investors 
(as applicable) and/or have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of bonds in the secondary market. 
The Issuer is of the opinion that the Bonds do not constitute an exposure to a “securitisation” as defined in the EU 
Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, and as such, the requirements referred to above should 
not apply to investments in the Bonds. Therefore, the Issuer has not committed to retain a material net economic interest 
in relation to the issuance of any Bonds. 
Prospective investors in the Bonds should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements which may apply to 
their investment in the Bonds (including any applicable retention and/or due diligence requirements) in addition to any 
other applicable regulatory requirements. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or any of the other parties 
named in this Prospectus is responsible for informing Bondholders of the sanctions which may result for investors from 
a determination by their own regulator that the Bonds represent an exposure to a “securitisation” as defined in the EU 
Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation. Bondholders are responsible for analysing their own

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
regulatory position. Potential investors should consult their regulator should they require guidance in relation to the 
regulatory treatment that their regulator would apply to an investment in the Bonds. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR and/or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value or 
payment of interest under the Bonds  
EURIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Bonds linked to such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU BMR”) was published in the official journal on 29 June 2016 and has applied 
from 1 January 2018 (with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that 
applied from 30 June 2016). The EU BMR and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”, and together with the EU BMR, the “BMRs”) could have a material impact on 
any Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another “benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the terms of the BMRs, and such changes could (amongst 
other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of, the published rate 
or level, of the benchmark. Under the BMRs in general, certain requirements apply with respect to the provision of a 
wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the BMRs, among other things, (i) require benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration 
of benchmarks and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK -supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
There is a risk that administrators of certain “benchmarks” will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from 
continuing to provide such “benchmarks”. Other administrators may cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because 
of the additional costs of compliance with the BMRs and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. 
Whilst no changes to the EURIBOR methodology are expected in the short term, the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”) which sets and administers EURIBOR has stated that it remains committed to reforming the EURIBOR 
quote-based methodology to anchor it in transactions and adapt it to the evolving market circumstances. Actions by the 
EMMI, regulators or law enforcement agencies may therefore affect EURIBOR (and/or the determination or availability 
thereof) in unknown ways which could adversely affect the determination of the rate of interest on the Bonds and/or the 
liquidity of the Bonds and their market value. 
Other interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) suffer similar weaknesses and although work continues on reforming their 
respective methodologies to make them more grounded in actual transactions, they may be discontinued or be subject 
to changes in their administration. 
Changes to the administration of an IBOR or the emergence of alternatives to an IBOR, may cause such IBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The 
discontinuation of an IBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate of 
Interest is calculated in respect of any Bonds referencing or linked to such IBOR. The development of alternatives to 
an IBOR may result in Bonds linked to or referencing such IBOR performing differently than would otherwise have 
been the case if the alternatives to such IBOR had not developed. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of, and return on, any such Bonds linked to or referencing such IBOR. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market are being developed, outstanding Bonds linked to or 
referencing an IBOR may transition away from such IBOR in accordance with the particular fallback arrangements set 
out in their terms and conditions. The operation of these fallback arrangements could result in a different return for 
Bondholders (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they might receive under other similar 
securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including those which they may otherwise receive in the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given IBOR to an 
alternative rate). Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any such 
Bonds linked to or referencing such IBOR. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system.   
Implementation of and/or changes to the Basel III/ Basel IV framework may affect the capital requirements and/or 
the liquidity associated with a holding of the Bonds for certain investors 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) approved significant changes to the Basel II 
regulatory capital and liquidity framework in 2011 (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel III”). In 
particular, Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential rules, including new requirements 
intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to 
establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as 
the “Liquidity Coverage Ratio” and the “Net Stable Funding Ratio”). Basel III has been implemented in the EEA 
through the CRD IV Directive. As CRD IV allows certain national discretions, the final rules and the timetable for their 
implementation in each jurisdiction may be subject to some level of national variation. 
Therefore, it can be expected that laws and regulations relating to capital requirements and related prudential regulatory 
matters will continue to develop. 
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic: (a) the implementation date of standards finalised by the Basel Committee in 
December 2017 (commonly referred to as “Basel IV”) was postponed to 1 January 2023 and (b) the completion date 
for the accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor was also extended by one year to 1 January 2028.   
There is a risk that changes under CRD IV, Basel III and Basel IV, as described above, may have an impact on the 
capital requirements in respect of the Bonds and/or on incentives to hold the Bonds, therefore impacting investors that 
are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may adversely affect the liquidity and/or 
value of the Bonds. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Bonds 
and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel framework (including the changes 
described above) and the relevant implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such 
matters on any investor or otherwise.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
CHAPTER 3  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 120 to 158 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 
29 
January 
2016 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_51ce12f5-e7ab-49a8-949b-ddb2c0e42c67.PDF), which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 114 to 152 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 
13 
June 
2017 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_53badb62-a3af-4def-8e08-326bd8115f08.PDF), which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 122 to 160 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 7 
June 
2018 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_96321716-0ea2-400c-846a-61ccc87eb04e.PDF), which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 123 to 161 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 
31 
May 
2019 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_19ec8c6f-ae19-436f-910d-f9a93e5b10f9.PDF), which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 123 to 161 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 
29 
May 
2020 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3dcc3577-92cd-4115-b0c7-0ead1cdf1bd2.PDF), which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 139 to 179 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 
28 
May 
2021 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_19ec8c6f-ae19-436f-910d-f9a93e5b10f9.PDF), which have been 
filed with the Central Bank; 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds contained at pages 134 to 189 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 
25 May 2022 (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202205/59230664-
6fc6-4188-8f17-52fc412c387d.PDF), which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(j) 
the audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2017 of Caruna Networks Oy 
in respect of the Caruna Group 3  prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Annual+Financial+Statement_b20cec6d-9734-4eb0-82d3-
9e2cf1e9440d.pdf) together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously published or 
are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(k) 
the audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2018 of Caruna Networks Oy 
in respect of the Caruna Group prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/caruna_group_financial_statements_2018_auditor_report_f744748c-aa7e-409e-
 
3 
For the 12 months ended 31 December 2017, the Caruna Group included Caruna Networks, Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy, Caruna Networks Espoo 
Oy, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
9793-c0f9f9e7fd2a.PDF) together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously 
published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(l) 
the audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2019 of Caruna Networks Oy 
in respect of the Caruna Group prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Caruna+Networks+Oy+-
+Audited+Financial+Statements+2019_89177134-5a54-44d2-8250-3e04958227a8.PDF) together with the 
auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(m) 
the audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 of Caruna Networks Oy 
in respect of the Caruna Group prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/f6bcd4a5-21c9-4e46-b635-266db624ed27.pdf) together with 
the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with 
this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank; 
(n) 
the audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 of Caruna Networks Oy 
in respect of the Caruna Group prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/79d6813b-5ada-478e-9ff3-66ace95a61e6.PDF) together with 
the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with 
this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank; 
(o) 
the audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 of Caruna Networks Oy 
in respect of the Caruna Group prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/22315/documents) together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously 
published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank; 
(p) 
the audited financial statements for the period from 21 September 2015 to 31 December 2016 of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Transmission+Finance+DAC+-+2016+Accounts_4f012350-4bea-441e-a3c2-
7125570ba099.PDF), together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously published 
or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(q) 
the audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2017 of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with IFRS (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/YE31.12.2017+-+Transmission+Finance+DAC+-+Final+FS_3249ffc5-bd86-4940-
b1f8-c32f5c34322e.PDF), together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously 
published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central 
Bank;  
(r) 
the audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2018 of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with 
IFRS 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Audited+Financial+Statement+31+December+2018_da423a01-f1e1-4d13-a783-
56635eb51650.PDF), together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been previously published 
or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(s) 
the audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2019 of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with 
IFRS 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/8aec7418-
4271-4618-9539-a9a04597a436.pdf), together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the 
Central Bank;  
(t) 
the audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with 
IFRS 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/0dea1f6d-

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
30a1-4fe2-8884-94758efef9f2.PDF), together with the auditor’s report thereon, each of which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the 
Central Bank; 
(u) 
the audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with IFRS (https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents), together with the auditor’s 
report thereon, each of which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and which have been filed with the Central Bank;  
(v) 
pages 12 to 15 of the investor report dated 31 December 2021 of Caruna Networks Oy in respect of the Caruna 
Group (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/ 202205/35c4bf74-82b0-
4837-8b5b-f41f4d1a7a2f.pdf); and 
(w) 
pages 17 to 29 (section entitled “Sustainable electricity distribution”) and pages 30 to 41 (section entitled 
“Combatting climate change”) of the annual report for 2021 of Caruna Networks Oy in respect of the Caruna 
Group 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202205/0f9fbc79-b558-
406e-b138-4b8065faa8cc.pdf). 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall 
be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in 
any such subsequent document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not 
be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus. Any information or documents 
which are themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not 
form part of this Prospectus. Where only certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, 
the non-incorporated parts are either not relevant to the investor or are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the website 
of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents. 
The hyperlinks included in this Prospectus, other than those set out above, or included in any documents incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus, and the websites and their content are not incorporated into, and do not form part of, 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
CHAPTER 4 
THE PARTIES 
Issuer 
Transmission Finance DAC, a designated activity company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland limited by shares with 
registered number 568526, is a special purpose vehicle established 
for raising funds and will lend the proceeds to the Caruna Group. 
The Issuer is an orphan special purpose vehicle, whose shares are 
held on trust for charitable purposes. 
Administrator 
Maples Fiduciary Services (Ireland) Limited. 
Caruna Networks or Borrower 
Caruna Networks Oy, a limited liability company incorporated in 
Finland (registration number 2584904-3), having its registered 
office at Upseerinkatu 2, FI-02600 Espoo, Finland. 
Caruna Oy 
Caruna Oy, a company incorporated in Finland (registered number 
1618314-7) and a 100 per cent. Subsidiary of Caruna Networks. 
Caruna Espoo 
Caruna Espoo Oy, a company incorporated in Finland (registered 
number 2059588-1) and a 100 per cent. Subsidiary of Caruna 
Networks. 
Parent 
Caruna Networks B.V., a company incorporated with limited 
liability in Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands (registered number 64477428). 
DutchCo 
Suomi Power B.V., a company incorporated with limited liability in 
the Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands (registered number 59235853). 
Dutch TopCo 
Suomi Power Networks B.V., a company incorporated in the 
Netherlands, with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
(registered number 59230959) and the immediate holding company 
of the Parent. 
Bondholders 
Holders of the Bonds issued by the Issuer from time to time, as 
further described in the definition of “Bondholder” in the Glossary 
of Defined Terms. 
Borrower Obligors 
Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo, the Parent, DutchCo 
and any other person who accedes to, inter alia, the Common Terms 
Agreement and the Borrower STID or in accordance with the terms 
of the Borrower Finance Documents. 
Financing Group 
The Financing Group comprises the Parent, DutchCo, Caruna 
Networks, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo. 
Caruna Group 
Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo and their subsidiaries 
from time to time. 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V. and Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ). 
Bond Trustee 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any other or additional trustee 
appointed pursuant to the Trust Deed, for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Issuer Security Trustee 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any successor appointed as 
security trustee pursuant to the Issuer STID. 
Borrower Security Trustee 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any successor appointed as 
security trustee pursuant to the Borrower STID. 
Borrower Secured Creditors 
The Issuer, the Initial ACF Lenders, the Initial ACF Agent, the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agent, the Borrower Standstill Cash 
Manager, the Authorised Credit Providers, the Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties, the Borrower Liquidity Facility Providers, the 
Borrower Account Bank, the Borrower Security Trustee, any 
appointee of the Borrower Security Trustee, the Facility Agents, the 
Borrower Secured Creditor Representatives and any bank, financial 
institution, trust, fund or other entity which has become a party to 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement as lender. 
Issuer Secured Creditors 
The Bondholders, the Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer 
Security Trustee, the Bond Trustee, any appointee of the Issuer 
Security Trustee or Bond Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any 
other Paying Agents, the Issuer Account Bank, the Transfer Agent, 
the Issuer Cash Manager, the Registrar, any Calculation Agent, the 
PP Noteholders the Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Provider(s) 
and any other entity which becomes a creditor of or provides funding 
to the Issuer and accedes to the Issuer Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed from time to time. 
Revolving Credit Facility Providers 
The Initial ACF Lenders in their capacity as Revolving Credit 
Facility Providers, together with any party which provides Caruna 
Networks with a Revolving Credit Facility and accedes to the 
Common Terms Agreement and the Borrower STID. 
Facility Agent 
Any or all of the Initial ACF Agent, the Liquidity Facility Agent and 
any agent appointed in respect of any Authorised Credit Facility. 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider(s) 
The initial Borrower Liquidity Facility Providers and any bank or 
financial institution which has become a party to the Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the terms of the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement which, in each case, has not 
ceased to be a party in accordance with the terms of the Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider(s) 
The providers of any Issuer Liquidity Facility and any bank or 
financial institution which provides an Issuer Liquidity Facility and 
has become a party to the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement in 
accordance with the terms of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement 
which, in each case, has not ceased to be a party in accordance with 
the terms of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Paying Agents 
The several institutions (including, where the context permits, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) at their respective specified offices 
initially appointed as paying agents in relation to such Bonds by the 
Issuer pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement and/or, if 
applicable, any successor paying agents at their respective specified 
offices in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds as well as 
additional paying agents appointed under supplemental agency

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
agreements as may be required in any jurisdiction in which Bonds 
may be issued or sold from time to time. 
Borrower Account Bank  
Pohjola Bank plc or any successor account bank appointed pursuant 
to the Borrower Account Bank Agreement (the “Borrower Account 
Bank”). 
Issuer Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, London Branch or any successor account bank 
appointed pursuant to the Issuer Account Bank Agreement (the 
“Issuer Account Bank”). 
Cash Manager 
Prior to a Standstill Period, the respective holder of each Operating 
Account (the “Cash Manager”), or during and after a Standstill 
Period, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V. (the “Borrower Standstill 
Cash Manager”). 
Issuer Cash Manager 
The holder of the relevant Operating Account (the “Issuer Cash 
Manager”). 
Registrar 
In relation to any Tranche of Registered Bonds, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch or, if applicable, any successor registrar in relation 
to all or any Tranche of Bonds. 
Transfer Agent(s) 
In relation to all or any Tranche of the Registered Bonds, the several 
institutions at their respective specified offices initially appointed as 
transfer agents in relation to such Bonds by the Issuer pursuant to 
the relative Agency Agreement and/or, if applicable, any successor 
transfer agents at their respective specified offices in relation to all 
or any Tranche of the Bonds.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
CHAPTER 5 
OVERVIEW OF THE FINANCING STRUCTURE 
Issuer Financing Structure 
The following does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this 
Prospectus, and in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche of Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer has authorised the establishment of the Programme in order to raise finance in the capital markets through 
the issuance of the Bonds. Under the Programme, the Issuer will, from time to time, issue Bonds the proceeds of which 
will be lent by the Issuer to Caruna Networks pursuant to the IBLA. 
The Issuer will have the benefit of the Issuer Liquidity Facility to support debt service in respect of the Bonds. 
From and including the Signing Date, the Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors), the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Bondholders), any appointee of the Issuer Security Trustee 
or the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers, the Issuer Account Bank, the Paying 
Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Administrator 
(together the “Issuer Secured Creditors”) have had the benefit of security granted by the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer 
Security Agreement. For a more detailed description of the security arrangements in respect of the obligations of the 
Issuer see Chapter 14 (“Summary of the Issuer Finance Documents – Issuer Security Agreement”). 
Caruna Group Financing, Ownership and Debt Structure 
Caruna Networks owns Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo, two licensed electricity distribution companies operating in 
Finland. Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo were acquired by Caruna Networks (at the time, Suomi Power Networks Oy) in 
March 2014 (the “Acquisition”).  
Caruna Networks borrowed money under a senior facilities agreement (the “Senior Facilities Agreement”) entered 
into with certain lenders on or about the Signing Date. Under the Senior Facilities Agreement, the following facilities 
were made available to Caruna Networks: 
(a) 
Term Facility; 
(b) 
Capex Facility; 
(c) 
Working Capital Facility; 
(d) 
Overdraft Facility; and 
(e) 
the Borrower Liquidity Facility. 
Caruna Networks used the proceeds of the Senior Facilities Agreement and amounts lent to Caruna Networks by the 
Issuer under the IBLA: 
(a) 
to enable the Caruna Group to refinance indebtedness owed under the facilities used to finance the Acquisition 
(including any related hedging) (the “Existing Indebtedness”); 
(b) 
towards fees, commissions, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the refinancing described above; and 
(c) 
for the general corporate purposes of the Caruna Group. 
Caruna Networks may on-lend the proceeds of the IBLA to, inter alios, the Caruna OpCos pursuant to the Caruna 
Networks Loan Agreements. 
On or about the Signing Date, Caruna Networks entered into hedging agreements (the “Borrower Hedging 
Agreements”) with certain hedge counterparties (the “Borrower Hedge Counterparties”) with respect to the debt 
incurred under the Senior Facilities Agreement and the IBLA.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Caruna Networks has the benefit of the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement which supports scheduled debt service 
obligations under the external bank debt, the IBLA and the hedging relating to the Senior Facilities Agreement. 
Subsequently, a number of amendments have been made to the Senior Facilities Agreement, including that the Capex 
Facility and Working Capital Facility have been combined into a Revolving Credit Facility. 
Guarantee, Security and Intercreditor Voting Arrangements 
On the Signing Date, the Parent provided a Guarantee (which is contained in the Borrower STID) of the obligations of 
the Borrower Security Group under the Borrower Finance Documents. For a more detailed description of the Guarantee, 
see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – 
Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”). On the Closing Date, the Parent provided a pledge over the shares it 
holds in its wholly owned Subsidiary, DutchCo. The Parent Share Pledge secures the Parent’s obligations under its 
Guarantee of the obligations of the Borrower and each member of the Borrower Security Group (the “Parent Share 
Pledge”). 
On the Signing Date, DutchCo provided a Guarantee (which is contained in the Borrower STID) of the obligations of 
the Borrower Security Group under the Borrower Finance Documents. For a more detailed description of the Guarantee, 
see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – 
Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”). On the Closing Date, DutchCo provided a pledge over the shares it 
holds in its wholly owned Subsidiary, the Borrower. The DutchCo share pledge secures DutchCo’s obligations under 
its Guarantee of the obligations of the Borrower and each member of the Borrower Security Group. 
On the Signing Date, each member of the Caruna Group provided a Guarantee (which is contained in the Borrower 
STID) of the obligations of each other member of the Caruna Group under the Borrower Finance Documents. For a 
more detailed description of the Guarantee, see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents 
and the Borrower Finance Documents – Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”). 
On the Signing Date, each of DutchCo, Caruna Networks, Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy, Caruna Networks Espoo 
Oy, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo entered into one Finnish law governed security agreement with the Borrower Security 
Trustee. Pursuant to these security agreements, the obligations set forth thereunder became effective on the Signing 
Date. Under these security agreements, each respective security provider granted security over its assets for the 
obligations and liabilities of each Borrower Obligor to any Borrower Secured Creditor with the exception of the security 
over intercompany and third-party receivables (i.e. bank accounts, intercompany loans and insurance receivables) which 
secures only the security provider’s own borrowed, as opposed to guaranteed, debt. The restricted scope of secured 
obligations in respect of security over receivables is due to current Finnish rules on interest deductibility. 
Following the mergers of Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy and Caruna Networks Espoo Oy into Caruna Networks, 
effective from 1 January 2018, Caruna Networks assumed liability for the obligations set forth under the security 
agreements originally entered into by Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy and Caruna Networks Espoo Oy as if it had 
been an original party thereto. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the following Borrower Secured Creditors 
are entitled to vote (in the case of paragraphs (a) to (d) below, represented by their respective agent or, in the case of the 
Issuer, the Bond Trustee): 
(a) 
the Revolving Credit Facility Providers; 
(b) 
the Overdraft Facility providers; 
(c) 
the Liquidity Facility providers; 
(d) 
the Issuer; 
(e) 
in relation to any vote on whether to take Enforcement Action or following Enforcement Action, the Borrower 
Hedge Counterparties; and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(f) 
any representative in respect of Authorised Credit Facilities, 
(together, the “Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors” and each a “Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor”). 
For a more detailed description of the voting mechanics see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance 
Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”). 
FINANCING STRUCTURE 
The diagram below is a simplified representation of the Caruna Group and the financing structure as at the date of this 
Prospectus. Certain subsidiaries are not represented below.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
CHAPTER 6 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer was incorporated under the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland on 21 September 2015 as a designated activity 
company with number 568526. The Issuer’s registered office is at 32 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland and its 
telephone number is +353 1 6973200. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer’s issued share capital is one share of 
€1.00 and authorised share capital of 100,000 shares of €1.00 per share. The Issuer is an Irish tax resident company and 
is wholly owned by MaplesFS Trustees Ireland Limited, who hold the shares on trust for the benefit of any body, 
organisation, trust or association that is exclusively for public or charitable purposes in Ireland subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of such trust. 
The current directors of the Issuer, their business address and their principal activities are set out below. 
 
Name  
Business Address 
Principal Activities 
Samuel Maguire 
32 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
Director 
Jarlath Canning 
32 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
Director 
 
 Audited financial statements are prepared by the Issuer on an annual basis. The Issuer does not prepare interim financial 
statements. The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December in each year. 
Each year, a copy of the audited profit and loss account and balance sheet of the Issuer, together with the report of the 
directors and the Issuer Auditors thereon, is required to be filed in the Irish Companies Registration Office within 28 
days of the annual return date of the Issuer and is available for inspection. The profit and loss account and the balance 
sheet of the Issuer can be obtained free of charge from the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents. The Issuer must hold an annual general meeting 
in each calendar year (except that its first annual general meeting may be held at any time within 18 months of its 
incorporation) and the interval between its annual general meetings must not exceed 15 months. 
None of the directors of the Issuer has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to the Issuer and their private 
interests or other duties as listed above.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
CHAPTER 7 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CARUNA GROUP 
The Caruna Group is subject to economic regulation as further described in this Prospectus and, as such, the Caruna 
Group’s operational performance can impact its financial performance. In the view of the Caruna Group, such 
operational performance figures are not financial measures and as such not APMs unless specifically disclosed as such. 
Caruna Group Overview 
The Caruna Group comprises an electricity distribution business held by Caruna Networks Oy (“Caruna Networks”) 
as the parent company and its wholly owned operating subsidiaries Caruna Oy (“Caruna Oy”) and Caruna Espoo Oy 
(“Caruna Espoo”) (together, the “Caruna Group”). The Caruna Group is headquartered in Espoo, Finland. See below 
for a full Caruna Group diagram. 
Caruna Networks was incorporated under the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended (FI: Osakeyhtiölaki)) on 
28 November 2013 as a limited liability company with number 2584904-3. Caruna Networks’ registered office is at 
Upseerinkatu 2, FI 02600 Espoo, Finland and its telephone number is +358 20 520 20. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
Caruna Networks’ authorised share capital is €2,500.00 and it has 2,500 issued and outstanding shares. 
The LEI number of Caruna Networks is 743700N5B3VVHBB6XD63 and the website of Caruna Networks is 
www.caruna.fi/. 
The current members of the Board of Directors of Caruna Networks and their respective business address and principal 
activities are set out below. For further details on the CVs of the Board of Directors, see “Board of Directors – Caruna 
Networks” on page 101. 
Name  
Business Address 
Principal Activities 
Matti Ruotsala 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
James Adam 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Andrew Furze  
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Jouni Grönroos 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Shankar Krishnamoorthy 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Fredrik Lundeborg 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Laura Tarkka 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Charles Thomazi 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Julia Giese  
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Deputy Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Filip Szopa 
Upseerinkatu 2  
FI-02600 Espoo, Finland 
Deputy Member of the Board of 
Directors

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
None of the directors of Caruna Networks has any actual or potential conflict between their duties to the company and 
their private interests or other duties as listed above. 
It is a term of the Borrower Finance Documents that at least one independent director is appointed to the Board of 
Directors of the Borrower. There are currently three independent directors, Matti Ruotsala, Jouni Grönroos and Laura 
Tarkka, on the Borrower’s Board of Directors. 
Although the Finnish Corporate Governance Code does not as such apply to Caruna Networks, pursuant to the Finnish 
Securities Market Act (746/2012), as amended, issuers of other securities traded on a regulated market, such as issuers 
of bonds, shall include a corporate governance statement in the management report or in a separate report. 
The Caruna Group’s history started with the foundation of Fortum Distribution Finland (“FDF”). FDF was originally 
founded in south-west Finland in 1912 as Karunan-Sauvon Sähkö Oy. Karunan-Sauvon Sähkö Oy changed its name to 
Lounais-Suomen Sähkö Oy. Lounais-Suomen Sähkö Oy later changed its name to Länsivoima Oyj. Länsivoima Oyj 
ceased to be an independent company in 2000, with parts of its business being incorporated into Fortum Sähkönsiirto 
Oy, which was established in 2000 and was merged together with several other distribution networks. Following 
Fortum’s acquisition of E.ON Finland, Fortum Espoo Distribution Oy was established in 2006. 
The current Caruna Group (which came into its current existence on 1 January 2018) comprises Caruna Networks as 
the parent and its 100 per cent. owned operating subsidiaries Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo (the “Caruna OpCos”). 
Caruna Networks is dependent on the financial performance of the Caruna OpCos. This is because the Caruna OpCos 
are the revenue generating entities in the Caruna Group. The Caruna Group, as it stands today, is the result of a corporate 
reorganisation of the existing businesses, primarily as a result of the Acquisition of what was previously FDF by Suomi 
Power Networks on 24 March 2014. On 19 August 2015, Lapin Sahköverkko Oy was acquired by the Caruna Group, 
on 30 December 2015, Lapin Sahköverkko Oy was merged into Caruna Oy and on 1 January 2018, Caruna Networks 
Espoo Oy and Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy were merged into Caruna Networks.4 
Simplified Control Structure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finnish Economy 
Finland has long-term ratings of AA+ (stable outlook) (Standard & Poor’s), Aa1 (stable outlook) (Moody’s) and AA+ 
(stable outlook) (Fitch). Finland’s budget has had a surplus in 27 out of the 46 previous years and its general debt level 
as at 31 December 2021 was 51.65 per cent. of GDP. 
 
 
4 
Please note, prior to the merger of Lapin Sahköverkko Oy into Caruna Oy, Lapin Sahköverkko Oy accounted for 0.8 per cent. of the Caruna Group’s 
consolidated total sales. As such, information about Lapin Sahköverkko Oy has not been included in this Prospectus.  
5 
General government deficit and debt [online publication]. ISSN=1799-5914. 2021. Helsinki: Statistics Finland [Referenced: 25.4.2022]. Access method: 
https://www.stat.fi/en/publication/ckfpcuqo8024701533bvqro59 
7.5%
12.5%
40%
100%
100%
40%
KKR
Elo
AMF
OTPP
Caruna Networks Oy
Caruna Oy
Caruna Espoo Oy

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
Since 1980, GDP has (on average) grown faster than each of Germany, the Netherlands, the UK, France and Sweden. 
Finnish GDP growth was 3.2 per cent. in 2010, 2.5 per cent. in 2011, -1.4 per cent. in 2012, -0.9 per cent. in 2013, -0.4 
per cent. in 2014, 0.5 per cent. in 2015, 2.8 per cent. in 2016, 3.2 per cent. in 2017, 1.1 per cent. in 2018, 1.2 per cent. 
in 2019 and -2.3 per cent in 2020 and 3.5 per cent. in 20216. As at the end of February 2023, the population of Finland 
 
6 
Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Annual national accounts [e-publication]. ISSN=1798-0623. 2021. Helsinki: 
Statistics Finland [referred: 29.4.2022]. 
 
Access method: http://www.stat.fi/til/vtp/2021/vtp_2021_2022-03-15_tie_001_en.html  
The provider of the statistics, Statistics Finland, publishes revisions of the annual volume change figures on its website from time to time. The latest 
revisions table is available at:  
 
Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Annual national accounts [e-publication].

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
was 5,567,868 an increase from 5.2 million in 20007.  
 
 
 
Industry Overview – Electricity Sector 
Finland was one of the first countries in Europe to liberalise its electricity market. Beginning in 1995 and since 1998, 
transmission and distribution of electricity have been independently regulated by the EA under a regulatory framework 
established in 1995 by the EM Act. 
The EM Act liberalised the Finnish electricity market by reducing or, in some cases, completely removing regulation 
that prevented competition in electricity generation, sales and cross-border trade. In addition, the EM Act separated the 
electricity industry into two distinct operations: (i) the electricity transmission and distribution operations that are 
 
 
ISSN=1798-0623. 2021, Revision of annual volume change, % . Helsinki: Statistics Finland [referred: 29.4.2022]. 
Access method: http://www.stat.fi/til/vtp/2021/vtp_2021_2022-03-15_tau_002_en.html 
 
7 
Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Preliminary population statistics [online publication]. 
 
2023, February. Helsinki: Statistics Finland [Referenced: 27.3.2023]. 
 
Access method: https://www.stat.fi/en/publication/cl7rlpvxqfuie0cw3tz01vpz0

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
natural monopolies; and (ii) the marketplace for buying and selling electricity which enabled all electricity users, 
including private households, to choose their preferred electricity supplier. 
Finland has a stable, supportive and independent regulatory regime for electricity distribution. The Caruna Group is of 
the opinion that the regime is underpinned by broad-based governmental and customer support for continued investment 
in the electricity distribution sector to ensure stability of supply. This has cultivated a longstanding regulatory 
framework and ethos, free from political interference and enshrined in law. With this in mind, the Finnish regulatory 
regime has historically sought to enhance the security of electricity supply, in addition to allowing companies to earn a 
reasonable rate of return for investing in the network. 
See Chapter 8  (“Selected Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which the Caruna Group is Subject”) below. 
Transmission and distribution of electricity from production to end users in Finland 
 
Production of electricity 
Electricity is primarily generated in Finland from nuclear, hydroelectric, biomass, wind and coal. There are 
approximately 400 power plants generating electricity in Finland.8 
Transmission and distribution of electricity 
The Finnish electricity distribution grid was largely developed by the end of the 1960s and by the 1980s the grid covered 
the entire country. 
Electricity is delivered to industrial, commercial and domestic end users initially through the national transmission 
network, then through high-voltage regional distribution networks and finally through the local distribution network 
such as the Caruna OpCos. The image below illustrates who the key participants are in electricity transmission and 
distribution in Finland: 
 
8 
Source: Energiateollisuus ry, www.energia.fi.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
1. 
Transmission grid – Owned by the transmission system operator (the “TSO”). This is part of the network which 
operates at voltages ranging from 110 - 400 kilovolts (kV). 
2. 
Regional network (high voltage) – Either owned by the TSO, or one of 10 regional grid operators, or under 
DSO licence (e.g. including the Caruna Group). This part of the network operates at 110 kilovolts (kV) and 
typically comprises overhead lines. Some of the Caruna Group connections are connected directly to small-scale 
to hydroelectric plants and onshore wind farms. 
3. 
Local network (medium voltage) – This forms part of the Caruna Group asset base with voltages ranging from 
1 - 20 kilovolts (kV). This medium-voltage network may either feed the low-voltage local network or have direct 
connections with industrial customers. 
4. 
Local network (low voltage) – This forms part of the Caruna Group asset base with voltages of 0.4 kilovolts 
(kV) and feeds industrial and household customers. 
The general components of a distribution network are illustrated in the image below: 
 
A. 
Connection to HV Network – High-voltage networks are typically connected to primary substations through 110 
kilovolts (kV) connections. 
B. 
Network Transformer/Substation (primary) – A primary substation steps down the voltages to match the 
medium-voltage networks’ requirements. Substations are usually ground (pad) mounted in an enclosed building. 
C. 
Distribution Transformers/Substations (secondary) – Distribution substations are required throughout the 
distribution network in order to step the voltages down to those required for different applications, such as industry 
or local towns. Protection and control systems are used to ensure continued monitoring and control. Substations 
can be pole or pad mounted. 
D. 
Metering – Metering is used throughout the distribution network, from generators to users. In particular, meters 
are used at connections between different operators. Meters are located at the generators, transmission network

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
operators, distribution network operators and end users. Smart metering is typically used for hourly balance 
settlement and for customer billing purposes. They also have technical capability with the supporting information 
technology to understand the national and local electricity supply and demand. Time-based load control is widely 
used in Finland, primarily to switch on and off heating loads, and smart meters supplied by Caruna fully support 
this. 
Generated electricity is delivered to end users initially through the national transmission network, then through high-
voltage regional distribution networks and finally through the local distribution networks, such as the Caruna OpCos. 
The TSO in Finland is Fingrid Oyj (“Fingrid”), which is regulated on a similar basis to the DSOs. Fingrid is responsible 
for high-voltage power transmission across the national transmission network. To minimise transmission losses, the 
voltage of the national transmission network is high, between 110 and 400 kilovolts (kV).9 The total length of the 
transmission network is over 15,000 kilometres, and the total length of the high-voltage distribution networks is 
approximately 22,500 kilometres.10 
The distribution networks are approximately 402,500 kilometres in length.11  High-voltage networks are built as 
overhead lines whilst approximately 39 per cent. of the low-voltage (distribution) networks and approximately 13 per 
cent. of the medium-voltage (distribution) networks consist of underground and underwater cables. In recent years, the 
proportion of underground cables has started to rise rapidly, consistent with the regulatory focus on security of supply. 
DSOs and market structure 
Electricity distribution is a regulated, regional monopoly business in Finland. The network licence granted by the EA 
under the EM Act or EM Act 2013 to a DSO specifies the licensee’s geographical area of responsibility. Within this 
area, that DSO has an exclusive right to carry out the business of electricity distribution. Pursuant to the official position 
of the Council of European Energy Regulators, DSOs should act as neutral energy market facilitators, providing core 
activities to all energy market participants. The core activities include: (a) planning, developing, operating, maintaining 
and developing its distribution network; (b) ensuring that the sufficient grid capacity is available; (c) connecting and 
disconnecting users to/from the grid; and (d) distributing electricity. DSOs must run their businesses in a way which 
reflects the reasonable expectations of network users and other energy market stakeholders, enabling new business 
models where possible. DSOs must act in the public interest, taking account of the costs and benefits of different 
activities. The Caruna Group recognises that new opportunities may appear that will eventually help DSOs deliver 
benefits to energy consumers and other energy market participants. Disruptive technology, energy storage and 
distributed electricity generation will continue to change the role and core business models of DSOs in the future.  
Currently, there are approximately 80 DSOs in Finland, most of them owned, either directly or indirectly, by 
municipalities. Market participants are varied and the smallest electricity networks operate within the area of a single 
municipality serving only a few thousand customers. Each of the two Caruna OpCos is a separate DSO with different 
geographical coverage. The Caruna OpCos together have the largest market share in Finland (by volume of electricity 
delivered).12 The figure below shows the market share of DSOs across Finland: 
 
9 
Source: Energiateollisuus ry, www.energia.fi. 
10 Source: Energiateollisuus ry, www.energia.fi. 
11 Source: Energiateollisuus ry, www.energia.fi. 
12 Source: EA, 31 December 2020 (www.energiavirasto.fi).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
DSOs by market share (measured as a percentage of electricity delivered, as at 31 December 2020)13  
   
The cost to a DSO of distributing electricity is affected by the standard of the network infrastructure and the geographical 
location and density of the customer base. The EM Act 2013 requires that the price of network services (connection to 
the network, transmission, distribution and metering) is made publicly available, with prices being reasonable to end 
users and regionally equitable. See further Chapter 8 (“Selected Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which the Caruna 
Group is Subject – Pricing and Reasonable Return Methodology for Electricity Distribution Services”). The regulatory 
regime requires that the relevant DSO provides each customer located within its region with all of the electricity 
distribution services required by that customer. The provision of services must be non-discriminatory and it cannot limit 
competition. 
End users 
In Finland, there were more than 3 million (household and industrial) electricity users as at 31 December 2022. DSOs 
invoice end users for distribution charges directly or in some cases, an electricity vendor may invoice end users for 
distribution charges on behalf of the DSO. For further detail on vendors, see “Electricity marketplace in Finland” below. 
Electricity marketplace in Finland 
Electricity exchange 
Electricity producers and vendors buy and sell electricity through the Nord Pool Spot AS (“Nord Pool”). Nord Pool is 
the largest market for electricity in the world, operating in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania. 
Electricity suppliers 
The supply of electricity to end users is a competitive industry. Vendors buy electricity from power plants or Nord Pool 
or generate it using their own plants and then sell to end users. There are currently around 70 electricity vendors in 
Finland. 
Caruna Group 
Business Overview 
The Caruna Group’s electricity distribution business is the largest in Finland by share of electricity distributed.14 Caruna 
Oy operates in Southern Finland, South Western Finland, Northern Finland (Koillismaa), and in the Satakunta and 
Ostrobothnia areas while Caruna Espoo operates in the Espoo and Joensuu areas covering also Kirkkonummi and 
Kauniainen, as indicated in the following map. The business has operations in more than 8015 cities and municipalities 
 
13 Source: EA, 31 December 2020 (www.energiavirasto.fi). 
14 Source: EA, 31 December 2020 (www.energiavirasto.fi). 
15 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
with over 88,000 km16 of distribution network.17 Of the 88,350 km of distribution network, 2,050km18 represents the 
Caruna Group’s regional grid, whilst the remainder of the network represents the business’s local grid. The Caruna 
OpCos have delivered between 12.1 and 14.8 TWh of electricity annually since 2007.19 The fluctuation in the electricity 
delivered is driven by two factors: the outside temperature and general economic activity. 
 
 
 
16 Source: Caruna Group.  
17 Source: Caruna Group  
18 Source: Caruna Group.  
19 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
The Caruna Group Operational Area20 
 
Strategy 
In accordance with its company strategy (updated in 2021), the Caruna Group is there for its customers, and their 
customer promise is to make their customers' lives run smoothly, every day. 
Vision: A million satisfied customers. 
Mission: The Caruna Group help customers and the society in the energy transition. 
Strategic focus areas: Efficiency and productivity of operations, Competence of system management and utilisation of 
data, Proactive contact with decision-makers and authorities, Growth in regulated electricity distribution and other 
opportunities that support the competitiveness of regulated operations. 
Enablers: A safe and reliable network, Customer-orientation and trust and Committed, expert personnel and partners. 
The Caruna Group’s vision, a million satisfied customers, seeks to achieve customer satisfaction and growth. The 
Caruna Group’s strategic choices are satisfied customers and the ability to evolve along with the changes in the Caruna 
Group’s operating environment. To achieve this, the Caruna Group focuses on developing a customer-oriented and 
efficient core business, showing good corporate citizenship and enabling growth and new services. 
Customers 
As regional monopolies, the Caruna OpCos serve all electricity customers within their respective licensed distribution 
areas. As at the end of December 2022, there were approximately 726,000 customers in the two licensed distribution 
areas.21 Caruna’s customers by segment are: 91% Residential, 2% Agriculture, 6% Services and 1% Industry. If 
percentages are calculated by consumption, the shares are as follows: 40% Residential, 4% Agriculture, 25% Services, 
 
20 Source: Caruna Group. 
21 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
16% Industries and 15% Others. Others include, for example, distribution to other network operators. As part of their 
respective licences, the EA specifies the geographical area within which a DSO may operate and the EM Act specifically 
states that the relevant licence holder has the exclusive right to build and operate a distribution network in its area of 
responsibility. Finland is a relatively sparsely populated country with an average population density of 18 people per 
square kilometre. The Caruna Group’s network areas of Pohjanmaa, Northern Finland (Koillismaa) in the west and the 
north respectively are rural and have a low population density. Espoo, Joensuu, South West Finland and Uusimaa, the 
areas with the strongest growth, represented approximately 70 per cent. of the Caruna Group’s delivered energy in 2022. 
The Caruna Group’s growth is dependent on both macroeconomic growth and the development of the population 
demographic. The chart below provides an overview of Caruna Group’s customers by type. 
Delivered volume per customer segment in 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Caruna Oy (100% 
12.3TWh)
Households
Industry
Agriculture
Service&Constructions
Other Networks
Caruna Espoo Oy 
(100% 3.2TWh)
Households
Industry
Agriculture
Service&Constructions
Other Networks

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Development of customer base: 2008 to 202222 (Number of customers)  
The Caruna Group’s customer base has grown steadily since 2008 as demonstrated below:  
  
Customer focus  
To ensure a strong focus on customers, customer satisfaction is measured on a regular basis. Customer satisfaction is 
measured on a monthly basis through the Net Promoter Score index. In 2022, the Caruna Group’s Net Promoter Score 
was 27.9 (on a scale of -100 to +100), which was much better than in 2021 (19.1)23. In 2017, the Net Promoter Score 
became one of the Caruna Group’s key performance indicators. The Caruna Group regularly monitors customer service 
availability, service levels, waiting times, total number of contacts, fault service availability, turnaround time of 
customer-initiated jobs and accuracy of metering data in invoicing. Operations are continually developed on the basis 
of this data. 
Caruna Customer Services (“CS”) is part of the Customer Relations (“CR”) department within the Caruna Group. CR 
back-office teams focus on more complex grid service errands, key account management, hourly value measurement, 
invoicing, contract management and act as the market-place provider. CS is the first point of contact for Caruna Group’s 
customers and handles grid related customer enquiries and connection contract contacts. CS has customer service 
outsourcing partners for 24/7 fault service, handling large-volume network contracts, invoicing and consumption 
clarification contacts. Fortum Markets is the dominant energy supplier (set by regulation) in Caruna Group’s area and 
provides combined contract and invoicing service for end customers. Fortum Group’s Customer Services acts as the 
service provider, with Intrum as the debt collection partner. 
Major customers of Caruna are connected to the Caruna regional grid. The top five most significant industrial customers 
of Caruna (measured by invoiced consumption excluding DSOs and municipalities) are (1) Kemijoki Oy; (2) Kesko 
Oyj; (3) Fortum Power and Heat Oy; (4) Genencor International Oy; and (5) Suur-Seudun Osuuskauppa SSO. These 
top five largest customers account for 2 per cent. of the Caruna Group’s total revenue.  
The Caruna Group has only a marginal amount of receivables written off as bad debt. In 2022, the amount of receivables 
written off as bad debt was €280,000 (cumulative January-December 2022). The amount of receivables written off as 
bad debt represents 0.1 per cent. of the Caruna Group’s revenue in 2022. The Caruna Group maintains a register of 
outstanding bad debts which is managed in accordance with the service provider’s instructions. The service provider is 
Ropo Capital Oy. 
 
22 Source: Caruna Group. 
23  Source: Caruna Group. 
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
200820092010 2011 20122013 201420152016 20172018 2019 20202021 2022
Number of customers, '000s
Caruna Espoo Oy
Caruna Oy

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Tariff flexibility 
DSOs are permitted to change electricity distribution prices at any time, subject to a 30-day notice period and the 
constraints of the regulatory regime. Tariff prices follow the development of permitted income during each four-year 
regulation period. Revenues are matched with allowed income at the end of each regulatory period. Pricing is not based 
on customer segment, but is based on consumption. Typically, industrial customers use more electricity and have “power 
tariffs”24 whereas households have general25 or day/night26 tariffs. Regional customers have separate tariffs because 
they use more electricity. For further detail on pricing, see Chapter 8  (“Selected Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which 
the Caruna Group is Subject – Pricing and Reasonable Return Methodology for Electricity Distribution Services”) 
where pricing for electricity distribution services in Finland is outlined in detail. 
The Caruna OpCos have adjusted tariff prices in the past as shown below (on an aggregated annual basis): 
Caruna Oy27  
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 A “power tariff” is used where the customers’ main fuse size is over 63A. As such, in addition to the distribution fees, there is also a power fee and a 
reactive power fee.  
25 A “general tariff” means that the tariff remains the same day and night during the course of the year.  
26 A “day/night tariff” means that the tariff is lower during the night time.  
27 Negative annual tariff changes stems from periods of discounted or disapplied fees intended to balance revenues with allowed income at the end of each 
regulatory period. Source: Caruna Group. 
8.0% 9.5%
0.0%
6.0%
0.0%
-12.0%
0.0%
22.0%
13.5%
9.0%
5.0%
0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
5.0%
-15.0%
-10.0%
-5.0%
0.0%
5.0%
10.0%
15.0%
20.0%
25.0%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Annual Tariff Increases
Caruna Oy, excl. taxes

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Caruna Espoo Oy28  
 
The significant discount in prices in 2014 for both Caruna Oy (at 12 per cent.29) and Caruna Espoo (at 15 per cent.30) as 
well as the discount for Caruna Espoo in 2015 (at 16 per cent.31) originated from a strategic shift in pricing by the 
Caruna Group in accordance with regulatory requirements. Whereas 5 per cent. of regulatory surplus is permissible at 
the end of each regulatory period, two consecutive regulatory periods where the Caruna OpCos have achieved a surplus 
are not in accordance with the regulatory requirements. By way of strategic and targeted price increases and decreases, 
each Caruna OpCo ensures that it does not exceed its targeted income level for the regulatory period. This means that 
if one of the Caruna OpCos exceeds its permitted regulatory surplus (which is 5 per cent. of the allowed return), a 
penalty fee is imposed which equals the average cost of equity for that period. This fee is then used to reduce tariffs 
paid by customers for the following four-year periods. To ensure compliance with these regulatory requirements, 
discounts were given to customers in 2014. 
In order to finance the cost of the EUR 200 million annual investment for the improvement in the reliability of the 
Caruna Group’s electricity network and in accordance with the regulatory methodology applicable in the sector, the 
Caruna Group announced in January 2016 that it would be raising electricity distribution fees with effect from 1 March 
2016, with total prices increasing by an average of 27 per cent. (including tax) within Caruna Oy’s network area and 22 
per cent. (including tax) within Caruna Espoo’s network area. Subsequently, in February 2016, the Caruna Group 
announced, after negotiations with the Consumer Ombudsman, that the price increases would come into effect in phases 
for both its corporate and retail customers. It was also announced that the amount of fixed fee prices would be discounted 
by 25 per cent. until the end of February 201732.  
On 24 May 2018, the Caruna Group announced that Caruna Oy’s electricity distribution prices including taxes would 
increase by 6.5 per cent. from 1 July 2018 and excluding taxes the increase rose by 9 per cent. In 2019, the increase in 
Caruna Oy’s distribution prices including taxes was 3.9 per cent., which amounts to an increase of 5.0 per cent. when 
taxes are excluded. This increase came into effect on 1 November 2019. In 2020, electricity distribution prices remained 
 
28 Negative annual tariff changes stems from periods of discounted or disapplied fees intended to balance revenues with allowed income at the end of each 
regulatory period. Source: Caruna Group. 
29 Source: Caruna Group.  
30 Source: Caruna Group.  
31 Source: Caruna Group.  
32 Source: http://www.caruna.fi/en/news/caruna-and-consumer-ombudsman-find-solution-caruna-divide-price-increases-step-step  
0.0 %
11.9 %
0.0 %0.0 %0.0 %
-15.0 %-16.0 %
17.0 %
11.0 %
0.0 %0.0 %0.0 %
-5.0 %
0.0 %
4.0 %
-20%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Annual Tariff Increases
Caruna Espoo Oy, excl. taxes

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
the same in the Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo Oy areas. In 2021, Caruna Espoo decreased prices excluding taxes by 
5.0% while Caruna Oy did not make any price changes. In 2022, Caruna Espoo and Caruna Oy did not make any tariff 
increases. On 1 January 2023, Caruna Oy increased prices by 5% and Caruna Espoo Oy by 4%.   
Key Strengths 
The Caruna Group believes it has a number of key operational and credit strengths. These are outlined below. 
Strong macro environment and supportive regulatory landscape 
The Finnish electricity distribution sector is one of Europe’s longest-established independently regulated utility sectors. 
The first ex ante regulatory framework was established in 2005 and the sector is currently in its fifth regulatory period 
(2020-2024). The Caruna Group is of the opinion that it benefits from a stable, supportive and incentive-led regulatory 
regime in one of Europe’s most highly rated countries. The Caruna Group has a collaborative relationship with the EA, 
partly due to the Caruna Group’s technological and operational innovations in the industry which are often ahead of 
regulatory requirements. 
See Chapter 8 (“Selected Aspects of Finnish Regulation to which the Caruna Group is Subject”) below. 
Market position and influence 
The Caruna Group is the provider of an essential infrastructure service. It is a regional monopoly with no competition 
for customers and currently has the largest market share of DSOs in Finland by volume.33 The other Finnish DSOs 
(except for one) are either members of energy groups (and therefore involved in other electricity businesses, such as 
generation and sales) or are smaller-scale DSOs owned by municipalities. Unlike the many small municipality-owned 
DSOs, the Caruna Group is of significant size which enables scale benefits, especially in terms of cost management and 
investment efficiency. 
The Caruna Group is well represented in several influential industry bodies, enabling close contact with the regulators 
and other key stakeholders in Finland and Europe. For example, Head of Public Affairs, Riikka Hirvisalo-Oja is a 
member of the Network Council in Finnish Energy; Head of Customer Relations, Katriina Kalavainen is a member of 
the Customer Committee in Finnish Energy; and Development Manager, Bengt Söderlund is a member of the Regulation 
Committee in Finnish Energy. 
Innovation and business development 
The Caruna Group aims to provide progressive electricity network services to its customers. It aims to prioritise 
improvements in distribution reliability by increasing the use of underground power lines, network automation and 
improving customer service by implementing smart services which take advantage of automation such as automatic 
meter management (“AMM”). All of the Caruna Group’s customers use smart electricity meters, which were installed 
primarily from 2010 to 2013. 
Over the past few years, Caruna has strongly digitalised both project management and on-field tasks. Caruna has also 
started to use artificial intelligence (“AI”) to analyse security of supply and manage investment projects, and has 
employed such AI to provide comprehensive and high-quality network planning to increase process efficiency. 
In recent years, the Caruna Group has executed its strategy through numerous strategic development projects. Selected 
examples of recent and ongoing development projects include: 
 
Capex ramp-up: Programme for ramping up Capex volume to meet coming years’ investment levels driven by 
accelerated reliability investments (2014-2016); 
 
Zone model and strategic asset management process: Advanced analysis to prioritise and plan network 
investments and maintenance to enable Capex ramp-up and meet reliability requirements (2014-2015); 
 
33  Source: EA, 2021 (www.energiavirasto.fi).

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Side Forest Treatment: New concept for accelerated cutting of overhead line side forests (4,000 km in 20kV 
overhead lines and 620 km in 110kV overhead lines) (2014-2015); 
 
Project Network Information Management: Implementation of market-leading network information management 
processes and systems (2014-2015); 
 
Project New HQ: Procurement and complete renovation of new office premises and operations centre (2014-
2015); 
 
Project Smart Metering: Rollout of smart meters and development of IT systems to utilise smart metering data 
for 620,000 customers (2008-2013); 
 
Project Network Operations Systems Renewal: New Distribution Management System that allows monitoring of 
all voltage levels and helps reduce the number of customers affected by planned outages (2012-2016); 
 
VahvaVerkko network reliability improvement programme: Network reliability improvement programme focused 
on urban and city areas by utilising a new sourcing concept (2012-2014); 
 
Project Mobile Messaging Services: Messaging platform for sending outage information via SMS to customers 
(2011-2013);  
 
Project Billing and Debt Collection Services: Implementation of a new customer information and billing IT 
system (2016-2017); 
 
From Idea to Innovation – programme: Playbook and methods to seize new ideas to new businesses, further 
development of ‘From Idea to Innovation’ concept (2019-);  
 
Intelligent EV charging concept – programme: Service concept design and piloting for home and office charging. 
Implemented charging field “Lataustaivas” available to everyone. Also supporting and piloted flexibility 
services for congestion management (2019-);  
 
Energy communities and industrial networks – programme: Service concept design and piloting in energy 
communities. Established a commercial service to provide energy communities to customers. Currently 
developing virtual energy communities to provide more advanced community services to customers (2019-);  
 
Asset Eye – programme: Novel capabilities to provide information about the state of network assets by 
crowdsourcing and machine learning (2019-); 
 
Iron Man - programme: Technical R&D, Holistic solutions to utilize new grid technologies etc. smart metering, 
fault recovery and storages (2019-);  
 
Business benefits from data –programme: Data monetisation through analytics and AI (2019-);  
 
Virtane – an online service that enables customers to compare the prices of solar panels, electric vehicle charging 
services and electricity contracts. The Virtane service is aimed at customers in Caruna's network area. (2020-
2021);  
 
Data-analytic platform development: To support next generation AI and data & analytics (2022-);  
 
Short-term energy consumption forecasting: Concept for advanced and proactive network operation (2022-);   
 
Dynamic line rating: Concept for HV network capacity tracking and active network management (2022-)  
 
AI based tool: For automatic customer feedback analysis ready for deployment (2022-);

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Analytics pilot: For piloting next generation smart meter functionalities with current system infrastructure  
(2022-);  
 
Exploration of co-operation possibilities with FYLD: For digitalisation of field operations and safety procedures 
(2022-); and  
 
AI-based visual inspection for network maintenance (2022-).  
Network and process development  
One of the key ongoing development areas for the Caruna Group is network automation and the development of a smart 
grid, which has been driven by parallel technological, economic and regulatory developments. Of the above strategic 
development projects, the Smart Metering (2008-2013), Network Operations Systems Renewal (2012-2016) and Mobile 
Messaging Service (2011-2013) projects all fall within network automation and the development of the Caruna Group’s 
smart grid. In addition, the accelerated reliability investments Capex ramp-up programme (2014-2016) is a key 
contributor to increasing network automation as the new, primarily underground network is fully automation-enabled 
with disconnectors, substations, reclosers and fault-indicators. The majority of the new network, which has been built 
as part of the Caruna Group’s accelerated reliability investment through the Capex ramp-up programmes, is 
underground. This is consistent with the key investment principle of Caruna to build a weatherproof network. Key 
benefits of network automation for the Caruna Group are faster fault location and isolation to reduce the number of 
affected customers in an outage as well as shorter outage times. This in turn improves the Caruna Group’s reliability 
performance indicators which, given the regulatory development of increasingly stricter quality incentive, supports and 
increases the Caruna Group’s incentive to improve performance. 
The Caruna Group’s Smart Metering project (2008-2013) included the introduction of automatic meter reading and 
related IT systems to cover all the Caruna Group customers by the end of 2013. The Caruna Group is one of the 
forerunners in automatic meter reading technology, as recognised with the Utility of the Year Award by European Smart 
Metering Awards in 2013, which was awarded to what was previously Fortum Distribution Finland. 
Furthermore, the completion of the Caruna Group’s Distribution Management System (part of the “Network Operations 
Systems Renewal” project above) means that the Caruna Group is able to further improve the effectiveness of its smart 
metering platform especially in outage events. With these improvements, the Caruna Group is able to monitor all voltage 
levels, including low voltage, in one system. This technology allows for more accurate, consumption-based billing and 
the collection of electricity usage from individual consumption points which can be utilised both for network planning 
and to trace low-voltage network outage situations back to individual consumption points rather than merely identifying 
an affected area. 
The Caruna Group continues to increase the level of network automation, and has formulated a pragmatic smart grid 
strategy to exploit the ongoing technological, economic and regulatory developments. This strategy is based on the 
following key aspirations: 
 
IT & communication technology: The Caruna Group aims to have a modern Distribution Management System 
(“DMS”) for network operation. This should result in improved communication with network assets, creating 
new operational concepts and reducing outage time; 
 
IT & communication technology: The Caruna Group aims to develop further the use of GPRS/3G/LTE standards 
for network automation. This should result in improved medium-voltage/low-voltage network visibility and 
controllability for network operation; 
 
Local small-scale electricity production: The Caruna Group continues to explore ways to connect small-scale 
production to the Caruna Group network. This should result in increased customer satisfaction, new tariffs and 
improved company image; 
 
Preventive tree clearing (helicopter inspections): The Caruna Group will continue cost-effective non-intrusive 
online condition assessment of assets. This should result in a reduction of faults in areas with high forest rates.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
For more detail on helicopter inspections, see “The Caruna Group’s Investment and Cost Management Strategy 
– Network maintenance”; 
 
Maintenance planning: Due to the ongoing extensive underground cabling programme, the Caruna Group has 
established a new approach for balancing maintenance activities in anticipation of underground cabling 
implementation; and 
 
Network topology and planning: The Caruna Group aims to introduce new methods for network planning, 
including network topology and configuration, as well as placement of switching stations and primary 
substations. This should result in improved network reliability and improved capital investment efficiency. 
The Caruna Group has good visibility regarding granularity of information and the condition and age of its network, 
enabling it to accurately and efficiently plan its investment programme. The Caruna OpCos seek to enhance operational 
performance and maximise regulatory return with their focus on network automation. To that end, between the end of 
2020 and the end of 2021, the number of remotely operated secondary substations and switching stations has increased 
by 11 per cent. (and increases by circa 500 stations and substations annually)34 and approximately one-half of the 
primary substation feeders are equipped with protection devices that have fault location capabilities. 
The Caruna Group has improved investment efficiency by 3 percentage points per unit from 2017 (142 per cent.) to 
2020 (145 per cent.) by renewing sourcing strategy, network construction principles and asset management process.35 
This redesigning includes benefits from implementation of new network information system, enhancement of 
procurement team capabilities and renegotiation of contracts. 
In 2018, the Caruna Group continued to make extensive investments into improving the reliability of supply in all its 
network areas. Renovation of medium voltage networks remained the main focus of network improvement projects. In 
total, the Caruna Group constructed 3,800 km of small and medium voltage cable networks. At the end of 2019, the 
cabling level of the entire network was 56 per cent. 
Major power disruption organisation and preparedness plan  
In the past nine years, the Caruna Group has been affected by 14 major storms, but only two of those storms (being the 
Tapani storm in 2011 and the Seija storm in 2013) resulted in repair costs of over €5,000,000. The repair costs and 
outage fees associated with all 14 major storms are outlined below: 
Year of Storm 
Name of Storm 
Repair Costs and Outage Fees 
paid by the Caruna OpCos 
(total) 
2011 
Tapani 
€52,140,000 
2013 
Seija 
€13,910,000 
2020 
Aila 
€3,444,000 
2021 
Paula 
€3,390,000 
2019 
Aapeli 
€1,954,000 
2012 
Antti 
€1,212,000 
2013 
Eino 
€1,060,000 
2020 
Elina 
€952,000 
2017 
Tove 
€949,000 
2022 
Armi 
€913,000 
 
34 Source: Caruna Group.  
35 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
2020 
Liisa 
€902,000 
2020 
Hilma 
€808,000 
2016 
Airi 
€803,000 
2017 
Kiira 
€687,000 
2013 
Oskari 
€653,000 
2015 
Suoma 
€650,000 
2020  
Tuulikki 
€621,000 
2021 
Toini 
€643,000 
2016 
Rauli 
€524,000 
 
Storms can cause significant damage to overhead lines and electricity substations, which could in turn result in the 
Caruna Group being required to pay repair costs to repair the network, and outage fees to customers left without 
electricity. For example, in the Tapani storm in 2011 and the Seija storm in 2013, damage was caused primarily by trees 
falling on overhead lines. In the Tapani storm, over 100,000 customers were without electricity for 30 hours and in the 
Seija storm, over 100,000 customers for eight hours or more. As a result of its reliability and undergrounding 
programme, however, the Caruna Group estimates that if a storm of a similar intensity to that of the Tapani storm were 
to hit the Caruna networks today, only approximately 145,000 customers would be left without electricity for six hours 
or more. In 2018, a similar storm would only affect 105,000 customers for six hours or more.  
The Caruna Group has a detailed plan to deal with major power disruptions to its network and other abnormal events 
which may affect its performance. Network Assets and Operations (“NAO”) is responsible for operating and repairing 
the network to ensure it is fully functional on a day-to-day basis. More specifically, NAO supervises and controls the 
network, manages planned and unplanned outages and optimises the network in the short term. In addition, NAO is 
responsible for storm risk management. 
The Caruna Group is continuously working to improve reliability, minimise the number of outages and manage outages 
efficiently in order to maximise customer satisfaction and profitability. Restoring power quickly and efficiently 
following an outage is essential for ensuring the overall success of the Caruna Group. There are primarily three 
profitability drivers related to outages: the regulatory framework’s quality incentive, the costs of fault repairs and 
customer compensation in connection to outages. One of NAO’s key competences is optimisation of the deployment of 
resources in the event of outages in order to minimise the total cost of an outage. 
Unplanned outages are primarily caused by extreme weather events (e.g. trees falling onto lines due to strong winds or 
heavy snow loads) but can also occur due to cables being cut off during excavation work or due to mechanical failures 
in network components. NAO’s first priority during an unplanned outage is to isolate the fault and minimise the number 
of affected customers, as this will minimise customer inconvenience and the impact from costs caused by outage, 
followed by fault repairing in order to restore power to all affected customers. 
In the Caruna Group, NAO has full operational responsibility for storm management, and has a centralised storm 
management model with different alert levels and responsibility areas.  
Each sub-group of the storm management organisation has a designated leader, and the organisation, including roles, 
responsibilities and reporting, is designed to be similar to the normal operational setup. The operative storm team leaders 
have quarterly meetings and follow an annual schedule for storm preparedness. The storm preparedness actions during 
the year vary depending on the time of the year, driven by the different storm characteristics between the seasons. These 
measures ensure the continuous development of the storm risk management practices. Main activities to manage storm 
risk include guidelines for storm situations, collaboration with partners, taking customers’ needs into account, utilising 
weather forecasts and alerts, and having machinery and employees ready.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
The availability and the number of field workers available during outages has significantly increased in recent years. 
Through its contracts with field service providers, the Caruna Group can deploy nearly 400 field electricians within 12 
hours in case of extreme situations. In addition, given the Caruna Group’s strong relationships with its service providers, 
even more resources can be deployed if necessary. 
The Caruna OpCos have consistently been top performers among their peer DSOs,36 comprising other urban as well as 
rural networks, measured by the duration of yearly interruptions per customer, excluding the exceptional 2011 Tapani 
storm.37 As a result of the Tapani storm, over 200,000 customers were affected, outage fees to customers amounted to 
€30,910,000 and repair costs amounted to €21,230,000. Fortum at the time applied to the EA to pass through these 
exceptional repair costs. Following a court process, the EA reviewed its earlier decision but concluded that the financial 
impact of the repair costs was not significant enough to merit a change in the regulator’s methodology for the next 
regulatory period (2012-2015). The Caruna Group decided not to appeal this decision as the regulatory model in relation 
to the efficiency and quality incentives for the fourth regulatory period (2016-2019) sufficiently allowed for a fair cost 
clawback in respect of repair costs incurred during the Tapani storm.  
The Caruna Group’s Investment and Cost Management Strategy 
The Caruna Group has defined a clear and robust plan for network investments and maintenance, in order to manage 
most efficiently and profitably the investment programme it is facing in the coming years. The key investment drivers 
and the investment strategy are discussed below, followed by the forecast capital expenditure as well as operating 
expenditure. 
Key drivers and their implications 
The main focus of asset management is optimising the lifetime cost of assets. 
Key drivers for asset management are network reliability, network mechanical condition and growth of customers and 
load. In addition, requirements from external parties (i.e. line relocations required by municipalities) must be taken into 
account. Reliability requirements, coupled with ageing networks, drive the Caruna Group’s reinvestment strategy for 
both local and regional networks.  
Reliability requirements 
Reliability of electricity supply has always been a key driver for the Caruna Group’s investment strategy. It is the most 
important source of customer satisfaction and therefore also commands an integral role in regulatory incentives. In 
addition, outages incur costs through standard compensation to customers and, in many cases, additional field repair 
costs.  
The Tapani storm in 2011 facilitated the development of the EM Act 2013, which introduced increased reliability 
requirements for DSOs. In summary, the Act states that an outage must not exceed six hours in city or town plan areas 
and 36 hours in other areas. With certain exceptions, 50 per cent. of customers were required to be subject to and to be 
able to benefit from, the increased reliability requirements by the end of 2019 (target met by Caruna), 75 per cent. by 
the end of 2023 and 100 per cent. by the end of 2028. The recent changes to the EM Act 2013 extended the deadline of 
2028 until 2036.  
The Caruna Group has carefully evaluated the impacts of the requirements on the targeted network structure that fulfils 
the criteria set by the EM Act 2013. As a consequence of its planned reliability investments, the Caruna Group is 
confident that it can fulfil the regulatory targets on time or in advance of the statutory timescale. The weatherproofing 
rate (defined as the network length not vulnerable to falling trees divided by the total network length) has been used as 
a key indicator in the analysis especially in the case of the medium voltage network. Based on the experiences and 
information from the Tapani storm, it is estimated that the weatherproofing rate should be approximately 90 to 95 per 
 
36 Source: Caruna Group. 
37 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
cent. in the medium-voltage network and 85 to 95 per cent. in the low-voltage network in order to reach the 100 per 
cent. requirement as defined in the EM Act 2013. In Northern Finland, such as the Caruna Group’s asset area Koillismaa, 
a smaller weatherproofing rate is estimated to suffice and the focus is more towards preventing outages due to heavy 
snow loads. In January 2018, cleaning snow loads from over-head lines caused a €1.5m cost for Caruna Oy. 
The targeted weatherproofing rates imply that the Caruna Group will also need to replace medium-voltage overhead 
lines located in forests with underground cables before the end of their lifetimes. However, due to the low forest rate in 
the Caruna Group’s network areas, the vast majority of the Caruna Group’s overhead lines are located in open areas (i.e. 
fields). In most of the geographical areas this means that a 30-50 per cent. medium-voltage cabling rate (defined as the 
network length with underground cables divided by the total network length) is sufficient to achieve the targeted 
weatherproofing rates.  
In addition to increasing the weatherproofing rate, the Caruna Group also focuses on improving its reliability of supply 
through other means, such as: 
 
automation of the network through remote controlled stations, driving internal efficiency through fault isolation 
and further reliability measures; 
 
widening of line corridors to reduce the risk of trees falling onto power lines; and 
 
building parallel power lines for critical parts of the network in order to avoid high-impact outages. 
Ageing network 
Much of the Caruna Group’s network was built during the 1970s and 1980s and many components are nearing the end 
of their technical as well as regulatory lifetimes. The main implication of an ageing network is that, in general, the 
mechanical condition of the components decreases with time and the network needs to be renewed to maintain its overall 
efficiency and reliability. 
The main component groups that are currently under evaluation are both medium-voltage (1-70kV) and low-voltage 
(below 1kV) overhead lines, pole-mounted secondary substations and distribution transformers. Underground cables 
are not expected to be replaced within the planned time frame of 2013-2028. 
Based on the estimated requirements of the ageing network, the Caruna Group has put in place a detailed investment 
plan over the medium- to long-term horizon in order to reach its targets. Investments are defined and prioritised based 
on maintenance inspection results combined with advanced analysis tools for network mechanical condition 
development (i.e. the pole rotting development model). 
Growth 
A third important driver for the investment strategy is connection growth in the Caruna Group’s network areas, which 
has historically been above industry average for the Caruna Group, and is also expected to remain so in the future. 
Modernisation of the network and its adaption to new demands both in urban and rural areas is being completed on an 
ongoing basis in conjunction with the improvements made to the ageing network and reliability improvements. New 
connection investment levels are evaluated combining information from the following sources: 
 
historical information of new connections, average prices and total investments; 
 
short-term estimates using information of recent new connection orders, new building permissions and current 
economic impact; 
 
on a similar basis, estimations for new city plan investments are normally based on the following criteria: 
 
historical information about the municipalities’ activity in starting up new city plans and total city plan 
investments; and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
for short time frames, estimations are based on historical information of city plan investments, short-term 
information about the city plans that municipalities have indicated to start within the next years and 
estimations around the macroeconomic impact on the new city plan requirements. 
Given the long-term European renewable energy targets that have been put in place for 2020, Finland as a whole has 
experienced a material increase in the number of standalone wind farms developed, often in more remote locations than 
the existing network coverage area. A DSO has an obligation to connect all wind farms that comply with the necessary 
technological requirements within the DSO’s network for a reasonable fee. Due to these new wind power investments, 
the Caruna Group’s network output increased by 239 GWh per annum from 2019-2020 and resulted in additional annual 
revenues of €70,000. Cumulative regulatory benefits due to higher volumes based on the StoNED efficiency model 
accrued at €650,000 for the same period. 
Investment in smart grid technology 
The Caruna Group network is supervised and controlled from the control centre in Espoo, Finland. The network is 
supervised 24/7 with real time-data provided through the Caruna Group’s Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition 
system (high- and medium-voltage network) which is connected to the DMS. The control centre is manned by four 
network supervisors during daytime and two supervisors during night-time and at weekends. The team controls, 
analyses and handles network alarms, electricity flows (including voltage level control), grid constraints and outages 
by executing switching. The control centre is critical for operating the network and the Caruna Group has well-
established processes for business continuity including back-up power systems and parallel data connections as well as 
alternative locations from where the network can be operated if needed. 
One of the key responsibilities within the control centre is to be on standby should an outage (large or small) occur. As 
extreme weather is the primary driver for unplanned outages, an integral part of the work includes having accurate 
weather forecasts in order to have the right level of readiness for handling unplanned outages. 
Network maintenance 
Network maintenance is governed on a high level in a similar way to investments, with a detailed budget for two years 
followed by a long-term maintenance plan. Maintenance operating expenses are divided into baseline operating 
expenditure and specific business-need operating expenditure. 
Baseline operating expenditure covers standard yearly network inspections, tree clearing and preventive and corrective 
maintenance actions. It is based on the Caruna Group’s maintenance handbook and driven by network length and 
structure. Baseline operating expenditure represents the volume that maintains the network as it is. 
An innovation within maintenance is the use of helicopter inspections to identify locations vulnerable to storms or heavy 
snow loads, in addition to locating faults in the network. A helicopter flies over the medium-voltage lines taking 210 
images per minute with several cameras. The high-resolution photos can be used to inspect individual components but 
also to create tools such as tree-cutting maps nearly automatically. Helicopter inspections are more efficient and 
economical than the traditional ground-level inspection. 
Further, the Side Forest Treatment project is a new concept for accelerated cutting of overhead line side forests 
developed in 2014 and 2015. The Caruna Group has developed a completely new approach for extensive treatment of 
medium- and high-voltage network side forests with a leading Finnish forestry company. 
Capex summary 
The Caruna Group’s capital expenditure comprises reinvestment in and replacement of existing network infrastructure 
(either due to age, safety or for reliability reasons) because a key concern for the Caruna Group is the reliability of its 
network. Expenditure on other areas (IT, metering and other investments) comprises a relatively small portion of the 
overall capital expenditure. The Caruna Group has developed a long-term capital expenditure plan to reach its goals. 
As part of the Caruna Group’s wider capital expenditure plan, Caruna Networks Oy entered into a finance contract with 
the European Investment Bank on 21 December 2016 in relation to its project aimed at modernising, upgrading and 
extending the electricity distribution network to, amongst other things, increase security of supply in electricity for

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
example by increasing storm resilience, replacing ageing equipment and increasing capacity of the network elements. 
This project is geographically dispersed throughout the area encompassing parts of southern, south-western, western 
and northern Finland, including the city of Espoo. A further finance contract with the European Investment Bank was 
entered into in 2018. For further information on the EIB Facility, see Chapter 15 (“Summary of the Borrower Common 
Finance Documents and the Borrower Finance Documents – EIB Facility”). 
Caruna Networks Oy entered into the NIB Facility with the NIB in connection with the financing of investments in 
electricity distribution grid refurbishment during 2017 and 2018 in order to enhance the reliability of the grid’s supply 
of electricity. The aim of the investments is to meet the higher regulatory requirements on the reliability of supply and 
strengthen the ageing network to meet the future electricity usage patterns. The Caruna Group’s asset management 
process has been created to optimise development actions performed in the network and avoid overlapping actions. 
The main focus is on network reliability, which is improved by implementing the large-scale projects including 
replacing overhead lines with underground cables and increasing the level of network automation. Reliability 
improvement areas are identified and prioritised by utilising a “zone model” concept created by the Caruna Group. The 
main target of the “zone model” is to improve customer experience and the network. 
The plan is built on investment subcategory level, taking into account the characteristics of the geographic location of 
the network. These combine the volume requirements to reach the targeted network structure and component prices to 
estimate the profitability of the investments through the impact from the regulatory incentives and the network value, 
as well as outage and repair and maintenance costs. The plan is further iterated to reach the optimal allocation of capital 
for the different investment categories and geographic areas. 
The different approach to capital allocation for the local and regional networks is due to individual network asset 
characteristics. In the regional network, evaluations are often carried out on an individual investment or project level 
since the amount of network components is significantly smaller than in the local network where investment needs are 
analysed on a more aggregated level based on statistical data and project assumptions. The majority of capital 
investment by the Caruna Group is associated with the local network (low voltage) and the regional network (medium 
voltage). 
On a practical level, the investment planning process for the Caruna Group also considers the availability of resources 
in the contractor market. The Asset Management department of the Caruna Group monitors this market in order to 
ensure the necessary resources are available without flooding contractors with investment projects, in order to uphold 
a high level of efficiency and accurate project completion time, while maintaining a strong level of competition in the 
wider market. 
Operating costs summary 
The Caruna Group’s operating expenses are largely driven by the cost of day-to-day network operations (including 
network losses and the cost of materials and services), transmission costs, asset management, metering, customer 
service, IT, administration, personnel and other expenses. According to the regulation, DSOs can pass through to the 
customers’ transmission costs incurred for purchase of transmission services from the TSO. Caruna’s network losses 
are, as per law, required to be purchased on market-based terms. However, despite appearing upfront as operating costs, 
the network losses are eventually passed through to the customers during regulatory calculations.  
Asset management (maintenance) costs are primarily comprised of preventative maintenance, scheduled maintenance 
and corrective maintenance activities. Network maintenance costs are highly dependent on the network structure, 
location, age and condition. Preventative maintenance activities include maintenance of buildings and facilities, 
inspections and selected maintenance activities that are expected to improve network reliability and resilience. 
Scheduled maintenance activities comprise tree clearing, small repair works and asset maintenance project management 
activities. Corrective maintenance activities primarily comprise corrective works arising from inspections. Network 
operations costs are those associated with the day-to-day operation of the network such as 24/7 network supervision 
and control, standby service and fault repairing. Other operating expenses comprise customer services, IT and 
administration. For further information, please see Chapter 9 (“Selected Financial Overview of the Caruna Group”).

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
All figures have been rounded and consequently the sum of individual figures may deviate from the sum presented. The 
figures have been calculated using exact figures. 
Operating costs summary – Caruna Oy (€, millions) 
 
 
FAS 
FAS 
 
2021 
2022 
Transmission costs 
54.0 
44.5 
Network Losses 
19.4 
27.6 
Total Non-Controllable 
Operating Costs (pass-through) 
73.4 
72.2 
Personnel Expenses 
17.8 
16.1 
External services and maintenance 
fees 
27.2 
25.7 
Other Operating Expenses 
19.9 
19.2 
Total Controllable Operating 
Costs 
64.9 
61.0 
Total Operating Costs 
138.3 
133.2 
 
Operating costs summary – Caruna Espoo (€, millions)  
 
 
FAS 
FAS 
 
2021 
2022 
Transmission Costs 
15.3 
13.2 
Network Losses 
5.1 
5.2 
Total Non-Controllable 
Operating Costs (pass- through) 
20.3 
18.4 
Personnel Expenses 
0.6 
0.6 
External services and maintenance 
fees  
4.1 
4.3 
Other Operating Expenses 
18.0 
18.0 
Total Controllable Operating 
Costs 
22.7 
22.9 
Total Operating Costs 
43 
41.2 
 
Further Details on the Caruna Group 
Transitional Service Agreements (“TSAs”) 
As a part of Fortum’s divestment of its Finnish electricity distribution business, Fortum and the Caruna Group entered 
into certain TSAs. The purpose of the TSAs has been to enable the Caruna Group to build up capabilities formerly

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
provided by Fortum to the Finnish distribution business within Fortum. The Caruna Group entered into a TSA for 
financial transaction handling, financial information systems and HR systems, which was terminated during 2016 
following the implementation by the Caruna Group of its own finance and HR IT systems. The Caruna Group also 
entered into a TSA in relation to billing and debt collection services, customer information and billing IT system 
services. This TSA was valid until September 2017. The Caruna Group implemented a new customer information and 
billing IT system which, following its implementation in September 2017, enabled the termination of this TSA.  
Employees and employee relations 
As at 31 December 2022, the Caruna Group had 259 full-time employee equivalents (“FTEs”) divided among the 
Caruna Group in the following way:  
Entity 
Employees (active full-time 
employees)38 
Caruna Networks Oy 
69 
Caruna Oy 
185 
Caruna Espoo Oy 
5 
Total 
259 
 
This is fewer than on 31 July 2010 when the Caruna Group had 390 FTEs.39 The main driver for the significant reduction 
in the headcount is the outsourcing initiative launched in 2010, in which most of the field service staff were outsourced 
to third-party contractors. The number of full-time employees increased from 2011 to 2013, primarily because of 
temporary medium-term projects (for example, automatic meter management implementation and preparation for 
hourly metering) as well as strengthening and expanding the organisation in preparation for the separation from Fortum. 
In January 2015, negotiations with employees in relation to the reduction of the workforce were initiated. Those 
negotiations ended in February 2015 with a net reduction of 51 positions.40 Further, customer service was brought partly 
in-house and became operational in May 2015, while project supervision was outsourced in September 2015. As at 31 
December 2021, the Caruna Group had 308 (equivalent full-time) employees, more than 80 fewer than in 2010.41 Whilst 
it is estimated that the majority of the Caruna Group’s workforce is unionised, there has been no industrial action in 
recent decades. 
The Caruna Group initiated negotiations on changes concerning its personnel on 11 April 2022, in order to adjust the 
cost level due to the changes made by the authorities to the regulation model with the objective of achieving, by the end 
of 2024, a cost level of around EUR 10 million lower than in 2021. The negotiations will take 6 weeks and are estimated 
to end in the fourth week of May. Potential personnel reductions will amount to a maximum of approximately 55 person-
years, including up to 35 dismissals. 
The Caruna Group is an active member of the Finnish Energy Industries, an organisation which, in addition to other 
tasks, develops the labour market policy for the energy sector and represents all energy companies. This organisation is 
responsible for the management of collective agreements for the employees of its member companies. 
Collective agreements have two primary purposes: (i) to guarantee a minimum level of working conditions (e.g. wages 
and working time); and (ii) to facilitate stability in labour relations. Collective agreements are normally fixed-term 
agreements, and the most common term is two or three years. Even though the collective agreements are in force for a 
fixed-term period, in practice the agreements are continuously in force because they are renegotiated. 
 
38 Source: Caruna Group.  
39 Source: Caruna Group.  
40 Source: Caruna Group.  
41 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Collective agreements that are verified as “generally applicable” also apply to employers who are not members of any 
employer’s union. If such a generally applicable agreement is in place, an employer in the sector covered by such 
agreement shall at a minimum observe the provisions of such generally applicable collective agreement governing the 
terms of employment and working conditions of the relevant types of employees (or nearest comparable employees). 
Any term of an employment contract that is in conflict with an equivalent term in the generally applicable collective 
agreement is void, and the equivalent provision in the generally applicable collective agreement shall be observed 
instead. It should be noted that only the employer is liable to observe the collective agreement on the basis of its general 
applicability. Collective agreements are not applied to senior management. 
For the Caruna Group the applicable collective agreements are the Energy Industry Collective Agreement for Salaried 
Employees and Energy Industry Collective Agreement for Senior Salaried Employees (both valid for the period 1 March 
2022 to 29 February 2024). 
Pensions  
Most of the Caruna Group employees participate in the statutory pension arrangement, which is a defined contribution 
scheme. It is funded through annual payments from both the Caruna Group and the employees. There is no future 
liability for this plan apart from the defined contribution payments. In addition, as at 24 April 2022, 11 employees42 
have additional pension plans, which are closed to new entrants, are of the defined benefit type and are administered by 
pension insurance companies. The net liability of these additional pension plans was estimated to be approximately €2 
million as at 24 April 2022. There is also a policy for service year rewards, with one to three weeks of extra vacation 
and monetary rewards after defined years of service. Since the total liability is considered to be immaterial, no liability 
has been recorded. 
Occupational health and safety  
The Caruna Group’s health and safety policy stipulates that its employees and business partners must be provided the 
opportunity to work in a safe, healthy and motivating work environment. In addition to complying with laws, 
regulations, codes of practice and industry standards, the Caruna Group promotes a culture of occupational health, 
wellbeing and safety in all of its activities by setting goals, targets and action programmes in accordance with the spirit 
of continuous improvement. Since December 2016, the Caruna Group has been certified as having an OHSAS 18001 
Occupational Health and Safety Management System (which is annually audited by Det Norske Veritas, an international 
certification body with expertise in risk management), and the Caruna Group continues to monitor and ensure 
compliance with such certification as at the date of this Prospectus. 
The Caruna Group has two e-learning training courses focusing on safety and also organises classroom training courses 
for specific target groups. In 2018, the Caruna Group introduced a new “Caruna Card” training concept for its 
subcontractors. The Caruna Group consistently follows up on safety events and near-misses together with its field work 
partners. As a result, the lost workday injury frequency has improved over the last few years. However, increasing field 
work volumes and use of various subcontractors increase risks of injuries. In 2017 the Caruna Group started an extensive 
action program to improve contractor and subcontractor safety. “Safety Walks” are an important part of monitoring 
workplace health and safety and on-site safety, as well as developing the overall safety culture. Safety Walks consist of 
managers from the Caruna Group conducting on-site visits (technical and non-technical sites) to discuss safety with site 
personnel and to ensure that the condition of the workplace is stable, work practices are satisfactory and employees are 
well engaged. Safety Walks also provide an opportunity to managers of the Caruna Group to identify areas that could 
be improved. All managers of the Caruna Group, including top management, have a target to conduct four to six Safety 
Walks per year (depending on their role). 
The Caruna Group is subject to the Finnish sickness insurance system. The Caruna Group belongs to the Enerkemi 
sickness insurance fund (“Sairausvakuutuskassa”). All employees whose main income comes from the employers 
mentioned in the rules of the fund can apply to become members, but the membership is voluntary. Under the Finnish 
 
42 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
sickness insurance system, the employers’ responsibility for sickness insurance costs end at termination of the work 
contract or at retirement. 
Occupational safety issues are monitored by Regional State Administrative Agencies of Finland. Electrical safety issues 
are monitored by the Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency. The authorities and industry participants have jointly 
defined safety standards, according to which the Caruna Group operates. 
The Caruna Group monitors the fulfilment of its safety objectives – monitoring accidents, close-call incidents and safety 
risks with the aim of learning from those within the partner network and to take steps to mitigate future incidents. All 
employees receive regular safety training and attendance is recorded. During the period between 2017 and 2022, Caruna 
Networks’ own personnel has had no recorded occupational injuries. Whilst third-party contractors recorded 4.1 
incidents of injury for each million working hours in 202243, four serious injuries causing more than 30 days disability 
were recorded. 
Environment 
The most significant environmental aspects of Caruna Networks’ operations are land-use, the protection of soil and 
water areas, waste handling, protection of biodiversity, the control of greenhouse emissions and material and energy 
efficiency. Since 18 December 2000, the Caruna Group (and previously FDF) has been certified as having an ISO 14001 
Environmental Management System (which is annually audited by Det Norske Veritas, an international certification 
body with expertise in risk management), and the Caruna Group continues to monitor and ensure compliance with such 
certification as at the date of this Prospectus. 
The Caruna Group’s environmental efforts have included the following:  
 
auditing and reducing the energy used by its electrical equipment and business premises; 
 
implementing electronic invoicing and contracts, and use of electronic signatures for connection agreements; 
 
promoting biodiversity in power line zones in co-operation with municipalities and agricultural entrepreneurs; 
 
replacing pole-mounted transformers and pod-mounted transformers with oil basins to mitigate the oil hazards 
of oil insulated transformers and power grid components; 
 
including environmental assessments in grid investment projects in the form of project-specific environmental 
surveys; 
 
developing an efficient recycling system for materials demolished from the grid (particularly impregnated 
wooden poles, transformer oils and metals) and a gapless recycling process; and 
 
installing more power line bird markers to reduce bird strikes. 
The Caruna Group has a total of six known pole impregnation sites which have been used at various times during the 
20th century, and where soil remediation has taken place. All of these sites were cleaned between 2000 and 2007, 
involving remediation costs of approximately €1 million,44 and have since been approved by the relevant environmental 
authorities. The use of asbestos containing materials (“ACM”) has been very limited in distribution grids, and all 
network demolition work on constructions which were built before 1994 include inspections for ACM. The Caruna 
Group has an active policy for preventing oil leakages. All primary substation transformers have oil basins, as do all 
new secondary substation transformers on groundwater areas. Oil leakages, typically caused by lightning damage to 
transformers, are continuously monitored. From 2015 to the end of 2018, a total of 167 oil spills were recorded and 
 
43  Source: Caruna Group 
44 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
remedied (of which 26 were over 100 litres), resulting in remediation costs of approximately €1million.45 There are no 
oil-filled underground cables in the Caruna Group’s grid.  
For further information as to the steps taken by Caruna on sustainable electricity distribution and combatting climate 
change, please see pages 34 to 42 (section entitled “Environmental responsibility”) of the annual report for 2022 of 
Caruna Networks Oy in respect of the Caruna Group incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
Risk management 
Within the Caruna Group, the Finance department is responsible for co-ordinating risk management. This includes the 
identification, prioritisation and mitigation of risks in co-operation with business units and other corporate functions of 
the Caruna Group. Company Development is also responsible for the insurance policies of the Caruna Group and for 
handling claims made under such insurance policies through the services of an insurance broker. The Caruna Group’s 
Audit Committee has an overall supervisory role in respect of risk management and it reports to the Board of Directors 
of the Caruna Group. 
Insurance 
The Caruna Group has an insurance programme which is supported by an internationally recognised and appropriately 
qualified insurance broker. The insurance programme is renewed on an annual basis, with individual insurance policies 
having varied due dates. The current programme includes the following insurance policies for the Caruna Group (all 
subject to relevant limits and deductibles): property and business interruption, real estate, operation and products 
liability, directors’ and officers’ liability, crime, statutory accident, remote working, personal accident and sports, 
business travel, road traffic and car insurance, group life insurance, Employees Pensions Act insurance and workers’ 
compensation insurance.  
Ownership 
The Caruna Group is indirectly owned by a consortium consisting of KKR (40 per cent., “KKR”), OTPP (40 per cent., 
“OTPP”), AMF (12.5 per cent., “AMF”) and Elo (7.5 per cent., “Elo”). KKR and OTPP acquired their stake in the 
Caruna Group from First Sentier Investors on 1 March 2021, and again from OMERS Infrastructure on 11 May 2021. 
AMF acquired its stake in the Caruna Group from Keva on 1 March 2021. Each of the transactions have received all 
necessary regulatory approvals. 
KKR 
KKR is a global investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, including private equity, credit and 
real assets, with strategic partners that manage hedge funds. As of December 31, 2020, KKR was managing assets in 
total worth of USD 252 billion and employed 818,000 people worldwide by KKR’s private equity, TMT growth equity, 
infrastructure, real estate, global impact, core, balance sheet/stakes, and special situations portfolio companies.  
OTPP 
Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (“OTPP”) is Canada's largest single-profession pension plan with $221.2 billion in net 
assets. OTPP pays pensions and invest plan assets on behalf of 331,000 working and retired teachers. Since our 
establishment as an independent organization in 1990, we have built an international reputation for innovation and 
leadership in investment management and member services. OTPP employs roughly 1,200 employees at their head 
office in Toronto, Canada and investment offices in London, Singapore and Hong Kong. Roughly 1,500 people work at 
their real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview.  
AMF 
AMF is a limited liability life insurance company that is owned equally by the Swedish Trade Union Confederation 
(LO) and the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. The company is run according to mutual principles, entailing that 
AMF's profits accrue in their entirety to the customers. With SEK 715 billion (2020-12-31) in assets managed for 
 
45 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
approximately 4 million customers, AMF is one of Sweden's leading pension companies and one of the largest owners 
on Nasdaq OMX Nordic Stockholm. AMF has approximately 350 employees.  
Elo 
Elo is a large Finnish pension insurance company. One third of all Finnish companies and about 40% of self-employed 
people in Finland have chosen Elo to manage their pension insurance needs. Elo has been entrusted with the provision 
of future pensions of around 520,000 employees and self-employed persons, the payment of pensions for around 
240,000 pensioners and the management of EUR 25 billion in investment assets. Elo was born on 1 January 2014 with 
the merger of LocalTapiola Pension and Pension Fennia. 
Management Team 
In 2021, until the organisational change implemented on 1 October 2021, the Management Team consisted of CEO 
Tomi Yli-Kyyny, CFO and Deputy CEO Jyrki Tammivuori, Head of Electrical Network Kosti Rautiainen, Head of 
Regulation and Strategy Noora Neilimo-Kontio, Head of Customer Relations Katriina Kalavainen, Head of People and 
Culture Tommi Saikkonen, Head of Communications and Public Affairs Anne Pirilä, and Head of Development and 
Innovation Elina Lehtomäki. The Caruna Group’s organisation and the composition of its Management Team were 
changed on 1 October 2021 to align with the company's updated strategy. After the change, the company's Management 
Team consists of CEO Tomi Yli-Kyyny, SVP, Network Management and Operations Elina Lehtomäki, SVP, Customer 
Value and New Ventures Relations Kosti Rautiainen, CFO and Deputy CEO Jyrki Tammivuori, and SVP, People, Public 
Affairs and Regulation Noora Neilimo-Kontio. In November, CEO Tomi Yli-Kyyny announced his resignation from 
the Caruna Group.  
The Management Team of Caruna Networks are: 
 
Jyrki Tammivuori, Chief Executive Officer 
 
Noora Neilimo-Kontio, Chief Financial Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
 
Elina Lehtomäki, SVP, Network Management and Operations 
 
Kosti Rautiainen, SVP, Customer Value and New Ventures

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Changes in the Board of Directors at Caruna Networks Oy 
 
Caruna Networks Oy held an Annual General Meeting] on 15 March 2023 to decide on a change to the 
composition of the Board of Directors:  
 
James Adam, Jouni Grönroos, Andew Furze, Shankar Khrishnamoorthy, Fredrik Lundeborg, Laura Tarkka and 
Matti Ruotsala (as Chairperson) will remain on the Board of Directors.  
 
Charles Thomazi (former deputy member of the Board) will join the Board as new director and Julia Giese 
will join the Board as new deputy member of the Board. 
 
Filip Szopa will remain as deputy member of the Board. 
 
The CVs of the Management of Caruna Networks are as follows: 
Jyrki Tammivuori 
CEO, Head of Company 
Services  
Jyrki previously worked at Stora Enso Oyj (a listed Finnish pulp and paper 
manufacturer) where he acted as Acting Chief Financial Officer (2013-
2014), Group Treasurer (2008-2012) and held several other finance 
positions (1999-2008) in Brussels, London and Helsinki. He was a deputy 
member of the board of directors (2010-2012) and a member of the board 
of directors (2012-2015) of Tornator Oyj. He was also a non-executive 
member of the board of directors of Thiele Kaolin Company, GA USA 
(2009-2014). Jyrki holds an M.Sc. (Econ.) from the Helsinki School of 
Economics. 
Noora Neilimo-Kontio 
Deputy CEO and CFO, 
Head of CFO Office 
 
Noora has over 8 years of experience in the electricity distribution business. 
As a consultant, she also has experience from various industries including 
retail, banking, heavy manufacturing and energy. Noora joined Caruna in 
February 2014. She had previously worked at Accenture (2008-2014) 
where she was responsible for strategy, operating model and business 
process outsourcing related assignments. She has also worked for EY 
(2003-2007) with internal audit, finance outsourcing and corporate finance 
engagements and for Loreal (2001-2003) as Division Business Controller. 
Noora holds a M.Sc. (Econ.) from Turku School of Economics at the 
University of Turku. 
Elina Lehtomäki 
SVP, Network Management 
and Operations 
 
Elina Lehtomäki has over 20 years of experience in electricity distribution. 
She previously worked as a Business Development Manager (2016-2018) 
and the Head of Growth Investments and Maintenance (2013-2015) at 
Caruna. Before moving to Caruna, she worked as the Head of Network 
Services at Fortum Distribution (2010-2013) and an Electricity Network 
Advisor at Finnish Energy (1999-2010) where she was responsible for DSO 
interest promotion and participated in several regulation works. Elina holds 
an M.Sc. (Tech.) from Helsinki University of Technology. 
 
 
 
Kosti Rautiainen 
SVP, Customer Value and 
New Ventures 
 
Kosti previously headed Maintpartner Oy’s (industrial operation and 
maintenance company) energy segment. He has also held positions at 
Ekokem (2015-2017) and Fortum (2008-2015) where he, among other 
things, participated in launching solar energy operations in India. Kosti 
holds an M.Sc. (Tech.) from the Lappeenranta University of Technology.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Board of Directors – Caruna Networks 
Matti Ruotsala is Chairman of the Board of Caruna Networks. CVs for the Board of Directors are as follows: 
Matti Ruotsala 
Chairman of the Board 
Matti has served as the Chairman of the Board since March 2019. He is 
also a member of the Board of Samvardhana Motherson International Ltd 
(SAMIL), a member of the Board of MSSL GB Ltd, a member of the 
Board of Oy Halton Group Ltd and the Chairman of the Board of Aurora 
Networks Oy. He has served, among others, as the Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer and the Chief Operating Officer of Fortum Corporation, the Vice 
President of AGCO Corporation, Managing Director of Oy Valtra Ab, and 
Deputy to Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of 
Konecranes Plc. He has an M.Sc. in Industrial Engineering from Aalto 
University. 
James “Jamie” Adam 
Board Member 
Director, Ontario Teachers’ 
Pension Plan 
Jamie Adam joined Ontario Teachers' in 2006. He is a member of the 
Europe, Middle East and Africa Infrastructure team. He has been involved 
in numerous transactions including the acquisitions of Essbio, Brussels 
Airport, Copenhagen Airports, Sydney Desalination Plant, London City 
Airport, Westerleigh Group and Caruna. In addition to Caruna, Jamie 
currently sits on the boards of London City Airport, Westerleigh Group 
and Ontario Airports Investments Limited. Before joining Ontario 
Teachers' he worked in private equity in Toronto. Jamie earned a BA 
(Honours) in Political Science from Western University and an MBA from 
the Richard Ivey School of Business at Western University. He is a CFA 
charterholder and a graduate of the Institute of Corporate Directors. 
Andrew Furze 
Board Member 
Director, Infrastructure, KKR 
Andrew Furze (London) joined KKR in 2021 and is a member of the 
Infrastructure team. Prior to joining KKR, Andrew spent fourteen years at 
Macquarie, where he was a managing director focused on the European 
infrastructure sector. He holds a BSc. in Economics from the London 
School of Economics and Political Science and an MSc. in Finance from 
INSEAD. 
Jouni Grönroos 
Board Member 
CFO and Deputy CEO, Fazer 
Group 
Jouni has worked for the Fazer Group as the Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Group Management Team 
since November 2010. He is also a board member of several subsidiaries 
of Fazer Group, a board member and the chairman of the Audit Committee 
of Boreo Oyj and Caruna Networks, a board member of the Finnish Coast 
Artillery Foundation, a deputy member of the board of East Office Oy and 
a member of Nordea’s Large Corporation Advisory Board. Before Fazer, 
he held managerial positions in Rapala VMC Corporation, AvestaPolarit 
Oyj Abp and Outokumpu Oyj. He has an M.Sc. in Economics. 
Shankar Krishnamoorthy 
Board Member 
EVP, Chief Development, Ynsect 
Shankar Krishnamoorthy has nearly four decades of proven track record 
as a global executive in the energy sector. Shankar led multiple business 
entities across the globe, rising to the position of a member of the 
Executive Committee of Engie SA, a global leader in the electricity and 
gas business. As the Head of Asian Business Development and CEO of 
Middle East and Africa, Shankar led the opening of new markets, leading 
the development, construction, and operation of several multi-billion euro 
energy infrastructure projects for the international growth of Engie as well 
as portfolio management including the IPO of the company’s Thai assets. 
Since 2014, he has worked in London and Paris in several leadership roles

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
at the corporate level including strategy, research, engineering, 
construction, risk management and venture capital. He was also part of 
Engie’s Executive Committee from 2017 to 2021. 
Fredrik Lundeborg 
Board Member 
Head of Infrastructure 
Investments, AMF 
Mr. Lundeborg is responsible for the infrastructure investment portfolio at 
AMF Pensionsförsäkring AB, the Swedish 75 bnEUR AuM pension 
manager. He is a member of the board of directors of Ormonde Energy Ltd 
and Bergvik Skog Öst AB alongside Caruna. Prior to joining AMF, Mr. 
Lundeborg has held senior positions within M&A and Strategy at large 
corporates such as Ramboll Group A/S, Stora Enso Oyj and Vattenfall AB. 
Mr. Lundeborg holds a Master of Science in Business administration from 
the University of Lund, Sweden. 
Laura Tarkka 
Board Member 
CEO, Gigantti Oy 
 
Laura joined Gigantti in 2020. She had previously worked at Kämp Group 
since 2014. Earlier, she has worked for Diacor, Fazer, Icecapital, 
Mandatum and SITRA. She is also a board member of Lassila & Tikanoja 
and Fazer. She holds an Msc (Industrial Econ.) from Lappeenranta 
Technical University and a CEFA certificate from the Hanken School of 
Economics. 
Charles Thomazi 
Board Member 
Managing Director, EMEA 
Infrastructure and Natural 
Resources, Ontario Teachers’ 
Pension Plan 
Charles Thomazi has more than 25 years of experience in the financial 
services sector and has been actively involved in the infrastructure sector 
since 2001. He joined Ontario Teachers' Finance Group in 1995, then 
moved to the Research and Economics Group before becoming a founding 
member of Ontario Teachers' Infrastructure Group in 2001. He leads 
Ontario Teachers' Europe, Middle East and Africa Infrastructure team, 
with the responsibility of identifying, executing and managing 
infrastructure assets. He currently serves on the boards of Brussels Airport, 
Copenhagen Airports and MapleCo. He has worked across many sectors, 
including leading the acquisition of Ontario Teachers' airport assets, High 
Speed 1 and Koole Terminals and Westerleigh. Prior to joining Ontario 
Teachers', he worked as an Actuarial Specialist at Towers Perrin (now 
Towers Watson). He holds a B.Sc. (Honours) in Actuarial Science from 
Western University. He is also a CFA charterholder and a graduate of the 
Institute of Corporate Directors. 
Julia Giese 
Deputy Board Member 
Julia Giese (London) joined KKR in 2019 and is a Principal on the 
European Infrastructure team. She has been involved in KKR’s 
investments in FiberCop, Calvin Capital (Calisen), European Locomotive 
Leasing (ELL) and Caruna. Prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Giese spent 
three years with Macquarie’s asset management division MIRA, working 
on transactions and asset management in the infrastructure space with a 
focus on German-speaking regions. Ms. Giese holds a Bachelor of Science 
with Honors in Business Studies (Finance) from Cass Business School.  
 
Filip Szopa 
Deputy Board Member 
Investment Manager, AMF 
Filip Szopa joined AMF in 2021 as an Investment Manager in the 
Infrastructure team. He is a member of the Board of Directors at Ormonde 
Energy Ltd. Prior to joining AMF< Filip held positions within M&A and 
project development at E.ON. He holds an MSc from Imperial College 
London and a BEng from University College London.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
CHAPTER 8 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF FINNISH REGULATION TO WHICH 
THE CARUNA GROUP IS SUBJECT 
Background 
Finland’s current regulatory regime for electricity markets was developed mainly during the 1990s, and the regulatory 
framework for the electricity sector in mainly included in the current Electricity Market Act (588/2013, as amended) 
(“EM Act 2013”) and related decrees. The Finnish electricity market legislation is based on EU’s Third Energy 
Package, including Directive 2009/72/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 concerning 
common rules for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 2003/54/EC. The EM Act 2013 entered into 
force on 1 September 2013 implementing the aforementioned Third Energy Package. During the years after its entry into 
force, the EM Act has been subject to various rounds of amendments. The latest and ongoing amendment is assessed further 
in Section Regulation applicable to the Caruna Group. 
Conforming the EM Act to the EU legislation did three principal things. First, it liberalised the Finnish electricity 
market through reducing or completely removing regulations that prevented competition in electricity generation, 
electricity sales and foreign trade. Secondly, it regulated, and made subject to licence, the electricity transmission and 
distribution operations that are natural monopolies. Thirdly, the EM Act integrated the Finnish electricity markets into 
Nordic electricity markets (and subsequently, into Baltic markets). As a result of the approval of the EM Act, and since 
late 1998, all electricity users, including private households, have been able to choose their preferred electricity 
supplier. 
The liberalisation of the energy market has had a substantial impact on the electricity business in Finland. Today, a major 
part of the electricity trade takes place on the Nord Pool Spot electricity exchange, one of the world’s largest power 
markets. This exchange was established originally in 1991 and is currently owned by the Nordic and Baltic TSOs. The 
electricity prices are determined in Nord Pool Spot in day-ahead (Elspot) and intraday (Elbas) auctions. Physically, the 
generated electricity is delivered through transmission networks (such as those operated by Fingrid) and then to 
customers through the regional and distribution networks (such as those operated by the Caruna Group). 
Caruna Oy applied for and received a conditional four-year extension to collect the accumulated deficit in collected 
revenues from the fourth control period (years 2016-2019). In its decision of 7 May 2019, the Energy Authority 
estimated that the electricity distribution system operator Caruna Oy may have the opportunity to obtain additional 
time to offset the pricing deficits accumulated during 2016-2019. 
The Energy Authority recognises this possibility if the deficit of Caruna Oy’s fourth monitoring period 2016-2019 
proves to be significant when the confirmation decision is made at the end of 2020. A significant deficit means an 
amount that exceeds 10 per cent of the company's reasonable return and 5 per cent of the company's turnover during 
the monitoring period. Any extension of the equalisation period would entitle Caruna Oy to offset the deficit of the 
fourth control period until the end of the sixth monitoring period in 2027. 
Regulation applicable to the Caruna Group 
The Caruna Group’s electricity distribution operations are currently primarily governed by the EM Act 2013, the Act 
on the Supervision of the Electricity and Natural Gas Market (590/2013, as amended) and several Decrees and orders 
enacted on the basis of those Acts. In addition to the above-mentioned statutes, the operations of the Caruna Group 
are subject to, among other applicable legislation, the Competition Act (948/2011, as amended), the Consumer 
Protection Act (38/1978, as amended) and certain environmental regulations such as the Nature Conservation Act 
(1096/1996, as amended, and to be repealed and replaced by the new Nature Conservation Act (9/2023) as of 1 June 
2023) and the respective Nature Conservation Decree (160/1997, as amended, and to be repealed as of 1 June 2023). 
Main Objectives of the EM Act 2013 
On 1 September 2013, the EM Act 2013 and related regulations and amendments came into force. The EM Act 2013 
was designed to: (a) generally modernise and clarify the partially outdated energy market legislation to codify into law

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
certain practices already adopted and applied by the EA; (b) transpose into national law the European Union Third 
Energy Package; (c) improve the security of electricity supply and overall customer service, including quality of 
service during major weather-related and other disturbances, particularly in rural communities and scarcely populated 
areas; and (d) meet the increased demands of DSO customers. 
The EM Act 2013 is applied to operations that include electricity generation, import, export, transmission, distribution 
and supply. Some of the main aspects of the EM Act 2013 applicable to the DSOs, such as the Caruna OpCos, are 
discussed below. 
Enhanced Quality and Security of Supply 
The EM Act 2013 includes several elements that are intended to enhance the security of supply of distribution networks 
and to improve the efficiency of contingency planning, including by setting out specific requirements to the DSOs 
regarding the quality and security of supply. The network must be designed, constructed, and maintained in a way that 
ensures the applicable technical requirements set by the TSO are met. Fingrid as TSO is responsible for the electricity 
system in Finland as a whole. Therefore, setting some of the detailed technical requirements is delegated to Fingrid in 
the legislation. Accordingly, technical demands Caruna has to meet, for example, when connecting substations and 
large producers are set by Fingrid whereas the EA sets more high-level principles to be met. In addition, the EM Act 
2013 includes specific time limits for ensuring and restoring uninterrupted supply of electricity in the event of storms 
or significant snowfall. In order to allow system operators to use the most cost-efficient methods to meet the new 
requirements, the technical implementation of such requirement is generally at the discretion of the system operator. 
As a specific new standard relating to security of supply, the Act provides that storms or snowfall may not disrupt 
electricity distribution for more than six hours in urban zoning areas and for more than 36 hours in other areas. This 
standard can be adjusted in e.g., certain coastal areas to take into account local conditions, requirements and electricity 
consumption. 
The DSO has to fulfil these requirements within its respective geographic area of responsibility within set deadlines 
required by law. The requirements become effective gradually as provided for in EM Act 2013, Part II on electricity 
networks, Chapter 6, Section 51, Subsection 1, Paragraphs 2 and 3. The requirements shall be met by at least 50 per 
cent of all users of the distribution network, excluding leisure homes, by 31 December 2019 (a target met by Caruna) 
and by at least 75 per cent of all users of the distribution network, excluding leisure homes, by 31 December 2023 at 
the latest. The implementation period of the security of supply obligations of the distribution network is extended until 
end of 2036 for those distribution network operators whose degree of underground cabling of the medium voltage 
network was not more than 60 per cent at the end of 2018. In this case, at least 75 per cent of all users of the distribution 
network, excluding leisure homes, shall meet the requirements by 31 December 2028 at the latest (Part VII on 
miscellaneous provisions, Chapter 17, Section 119). In practical terms, this means that network operators have eight 
years more time to complete the security of supply requirements fully and five years more time to meet the 75 per cent 
requirement. Based on the previous provision, some network operators have already been granted an extension before 
the amendments entered into force in August 2021. 
A DSO must also prepare a network development plan to systematically and on a long-term basis improve its network 
to meet the requirements regarding the security of supply, such plan describing the intended investments and 
maintenance of the network for the purpose of fulfilling the quality and security of supply- related requirements. The 
development plan shall include detailed measures, divided into periods of two calendar years, which systematically 
and in the long-term improve the reliability and security of the distribution network. Trough the implementation of 
these measures, the distribution network will meet the requirements provided for in Sections 51 and 119 of the EM 
Act 2013. The plan is subject to comments and possible amendments imposed by the EA. According to the transitional 
provisions of the EM Act 2013, the first plan had to be submitted to the EA by 30 June 2014.  Pertaining to the latest 
amendments to the EM Act 2013, that entered into force on 1 August 2021, further requirements were set for the 
obligation to develop the network. In this regard, the network operator should design, build, and maintain the electricity 
network in such a way, that the network operator provides the transmission and distribution service to its network 
users in a cost-effective manner. Furthermore, the provisions of the EM Act 2013 concerning the distribution network

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
development plan was supplemented so that the plan can be used to monitor the cost-effectiveness of the development 
of the distribution network in the future. The future development plan for the distribution network should also include 
a plan for consumption flexibility, electricity storage, network operator energy efficiency measures and the possible 
use of other resources as an alternative to expanding the distribution network transmission capacity. The aim of these 
amendments is for the DSOs to, in addition to underground cabling, take into account more comprehensively all 
possible measures to renew the network, expand the capacity and increase the level of security of supply. Each Caruna 
OpCo has submitted its development plan to the EA within the set time limit. The submitted development plans are 
consistent with the long-term investment plan and maintenance strategy of the Caruna Group. The latest update of the 
network was delivered to the EA by 30 June 2020. The submitted development plans are consistent with the long-term 
investment plan and maintenance strategy of the Caruna Group. The development plan was updated as per legislation 
by 30 June 2022. The main new aspect was a mandatory stakeholder hearing about the plan. 
The EM Act 2013 includes a general obligation on all operators to prepare contingency plans for ordinary 
disturbances as well as for extraordinary events. Through sufficient contingency planning, operators seek to ensure 
that in the event of such disturbances, electricity distribution is restored with the minimum amount of disruption, 
while also taking into consideration the most vulnerable and critical functions of society. As part of this obligation, 
DSOs must have plans in place to ensure continued communications with emergency personnel and other network 
operators and the deployment of repair personnel. Each Caruna OpCo has an up-to-date contingency plan in place. 
The plan is prepared on the basis of well-tested preparedness plans of the Caruna OpCos and various years of 
experience in storm situations and other disturbances. 
Improved Customer Service 
Another key objective of the EM Act 2013 is improving the level of customer service. The EM Act 2013 specifies the 
general obligation of DSOs to provide their services to customers in an equal and non- discriminatory manner and 
includes several provisions that are aimed at improving customer service and the level of customer protection. These 
include, among other things, increasing the amount of information that DSOs must communicate to customers as part 
of invoicing and otherwise, adding optionality to the methods of invoicing and payment, and raising the standard 
compensations payable to them for interruptions and delays in the supply of electricity or connection to the network. 
As part of its service offer, the DSO must also provide customers with information on the level of the supply security 
of its network and any plans that may affect the reliability of its system services. In addition, the DSO must give 
customers instructions on how to prepare for possible interruptions in electricity supply. It may also be obliged to 
provide customer-specific guidance on such preparations as may be necessary to address delivery to locations where 
the security of supply is of particular importance. In case of a disturbance in supply, the DSO must inform its customers 
of such disruptions without delay and provide an estimate of the length and extent of the interruption or malfunction. 
Recent changes 
On 28 January 2021, the Finnish Government put forward a government proposal (HE 265/2020 vp) regarding various 
changes to the EM Act 2013 and the Electricity and Natural Gas Market Supervision Act. The Finnish Parliament 
approved the government proposal in June 2021, the amendments of which took effect  as of 1 August 2021 (except 
for some specific provisions concerning standard compensation which are taking effect as of 1 January 2024). 
The changes arising from the updated legislation include: 
(a) 
Introduction of a right for the customer to construct a special power line (with a maximum capacity of 2 MVA) 
between the production facility and site of consumption without the permission of the DSO. 
(b) 
Extension of the deadline for security of supply investments until 2036 for all companies that had a cabling rate of 
less than 60 per cent at the end of 2018. This includes Caruna Oy but not Caruna Espoo Oy. 
(c) 
Amendment to the standard compensation to end-users for disruption in the electricity distribution so that end users 
would get a discount of 50 per cent of the annual distribution fee in case of a disruption of 48-72 hours instead of 72-
120 hours.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(d) 
Besides keeping prices under control, the Government seeks to ensure good security of supply of electricity networks 
and the development of an energy system that serves the needs of the future. Network operators must plan, build, 
and maintain their grids in a way which ensures that the company delivers its service cost-effectively and to consider 
possibilities of using flexibility services instead of grid investments. Operators must compare alternative investments 
and consult customers during planning. The EA may order an operator to adjust its plans if the measures are not cost-
effective.  
(e) 
The legislative amendment sought to ensure that, in addition to underground cabling, operators take all existing 
measures for upgrading networks, expanding capacity, and improving security of supply into consideration more 
comprehensively. 
(f) 
According to the EM Act 2013, all DSOs shall submit updated network development plans (“NDP”) to the EA 
biennially. The NDPs should include actions which demonstrate that each DSO will improve and maintain quality 
of supply requirements set in the legislation. The NDPs were scheduled to be collected first time in summer 2022. 
The Energy Authority has powers to request DSOs to make amendments to their NDPs if deemed necessary. 
According to the submitted NDPs, DSOs have planned to make replacement investments to the electricity 
distribution grids during period of 2014 - 2036 worth approximately EUR 9.7 billion of which one-third will be used 
to increase quality of supply.46 
(g) 
The period for implementing the requirements on security of supply in electricity distribution was extended by eight 
years until the end of 2036, mainly for network operators in sparsely populated areas that are required to make major 
changes to their network structure in the 2020s. The change effectively curbs the need for price increases among 75 
per cent of all network companies with a total of 1.8 million customers. In exchange for delays in the service level, 
network customers receive better compensation for long blackouts. On 4 October 2021, the EA published a 
memorandum regarding the effects that the amendments in the EM Act 2013 have on the security of supply 
incentives.47  
(h) 
The legislative amendment gives consumers and energy communities the right to build direct lines across property 
borders to connect small-scale electricity generation to consumption point or the property’s network, without 
requiring the permission of the distribution network operator. 
(i) 
Under-income from the previous regulatory periods can be rolled over across the subsequent two regulatory periods, 
if certain conditions are met. 
(j) 
Changes to the tariff calculation processes of the electricity distribution network operators already during the current 
period of 2020 to 2023. Distribution companies’ reasonable rate of return on capital was lowered to 3.97 per cent in 
2022 and 6.08% in 2023 (increase due to higher risk-free rate), from 5.35 per cent in 2021. The amendment cut the 
maximum permitted profit of distribution companies and limited the scale of price increases. The EA issued the new 
decisions taking into account the adjustments to the methodology for calculating network operators’ tariffs in early 
2022. The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment estimated that distribution companies’ permitted profits 
will decrease by approximately 40 per cent from 2020 levels in 2022 to their lowest level ever. For the Caruna Group 
this is calculated to amount to EUR 55 million.  From as early as the beginning of 2022, companies have been able 
to charge customers approximately EUR 350 million less in tariffs than the previous year, of which the Caruna 
Group’s share is calculated to be EUR 70 million. The annual ceiling for increases to tariffs is nearly halved from 
15 per cent to 8 per cent within a twelve-month rolling period, which limits the scale of one-off price increases for 
customers. 
 
46 https://energiavirasto.fi/documents/11120570/13026619/National+Report+2021+Finland+2490-480-2021.pdf/76654dd9-d77f-afbf-529e-
01a1db278e92/National+Report+2021+Finland+2490-480-2021.pdf?t=1626089398976. 
47 https://energiavirasto.fi/documents/11120570/12766832/Perustelumuistio+toimitusvarmuuskannustin+2021.pdf/0c40b2b8-37a3-950a-7798-
8409fde3931f/Perustelumuistio+toimitusvarmuuskannustin+2021.pdf?t=1633345077551.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
The amendments provide the EA with new tools that can be used to influence the development of transmission prices 
without compromising the development of security of supply and smart electricity grids required by modern society. 
The renewed regulatory methodology decisions have been appealed by the majority of DSO's in Finland. The basis for 
the appeal is that the legislative changes do not form sufficient reason to change the methods and the independence of 
the regulator (as described in the EU directive) has been endangered.  
In its decisions issued on 17 December 2021, the EA made the following changes: 
1. Updated to the unit prices used in the revenue base. This takes into account the significant reduction 
in investment costs since 2016 and allows for an assessment of the cost-effectiveness of investments; 
2. The level of reasonable rate of return (WACC-percentage) was set to 3.97 per cent for 2022. This takes 
into account the extending of the transmission period for the implementation of security of supply 
requirements, and the fact that the risk-free interest rate should reflect changes in market interest rates, 
and the experience gained in recent years as to the EA's supervision and performance; and 
3. Removed the security of supply incentive.  
The EA’s decision has been appealed to the Market Court. The current status is that the Market Court has requested a 
preliminary decision on the EA’s independence in this case from the European Court of Justice.  
As of February 2023, it is known that the EA is preparing the methodology for the upcoming next two (2) regulatory 
period, 2024-2027 and 2028-2031. Draft guidelines are being prepared and are expected to be sent to DSOs for 
comments during the first half of 2023. Final guidelines including updated regulatory unit prices are to be issued before 
the end of 2023. 
The Finnish interest deductibility rules have recently been updated to prevent the transfer of taxable income outside of 
Finland more effectively. These latest rules are applicable as of tax year 2023. 
Currently, the retail market data is decentralised, meaning that the data is stored in systems belonging to various 
companies. The amendment to the EM Act 2013, which entered into force on 1 February 2019, regarding the 
establishment of a centralised information exchange system (“Datahub”) for the electricity retail market, obliges 
electricity retailers and DSOs to use Datahub services for data management in their business processes related to 
information exchange and electricity trading on retail markets. The Datahub stores data from electricity metering points 
and synchronise electricity-contract processes, making it easier and more efficient to process data. Electricity suppliers 
and DSOs are obligated to use the Datahub for all exchange of metering and end-user data as part of electricity trade.  
The legislative amendments required for the introduction of centralised information exchange services for the retail 
electricity market entered into force on 27 October 2021 (pursuant to government proposal HE 116/2021 vp). These 
included the Act on amending the EM Act 2013 and the Act on temporary measures related to the introduction of 
centralised information exchange services in retail electricity market. The government proposal was prepared in the 
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment on the basis of Fingrid Oyj's initiative. The draft proposal was subject 
to comments between 17 June to 8 July 2021.The Datahub was introduced in February 2022 in accordance with the go-
live decree, but a five-month introductory period begun already on 1 November 2021. The introduction of the Datahub 
required that all distribution network operators and retailers launch the new centralised information exchange system 
simultaneously. The introduction of the Datahub caused changes in the settlement of electricity supply in distribution 
networks and the retail market processes in electricity trade. The Datahub operates under Fingrid, who also prepares 
the implementation of it. The Datahub stores data from 3.8 million electricity accounting points in Finland and is used 
by approximately 100 electricity retailers and 80 DSOs serving their customers.   
The new legislation contains more flexible and more detailed procedures for addressing possible problems related to 
the Datahub’s introduction. In case of problems affecting customers, electricity suppliers and distribution network 
operators will provide customers with necessary instructions. In these situations, the Ministry of Economic Affairs and 
Employment, the EA and Fingrid will also provide customers with instructions through various communication 
channels.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
In the event of significant problems related to the Datahub’s introduction, the introductory period could be postponed 
by a Government Decree for a maximum of one year. 
Legislative proposals 
Proposals related to the new Electricity Market Directive 
The legislative project that commenced in late 2019 will transpose the changes required by the new Directive 
(EU) 2019/944 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on common rules for the internal 
market for electricity and amending directive 2012/27/EU (“new Electricity Market Directive”) into national 
law. These latest proposed changes to the EM Act 2013 were approved by the Parliament on 27 February 2023. 
Changes for DSOs are seen as minor as the bill mainly concerns rights of electricity consumers and obligations 
of electricity retailers. The relevant changes for DSOs are mainly that DSOs are prohibited from engaging in 
energy storage business activities without permission by the EA. Furthermore, DSOs would also be prohibited 
from engaging in the electric vehicle charging business, except for maintaining electric vehicle charging points 
reserved for its own use. The amendments will enter into force on 1 June 2023, except for the parts of the bill 
concerning the content of electricity invoices and the new energy market dispute board (handling disputes 
between energy companies and businesses), which will enter into force on 1 June 2024 and 1 September 2023, 
respectively. 
The updates to the EM Act 2013 required by the new Energy Market Directive include the following new tasks 
for the distribution network owners: acquisition of the additional services not affecting the system frequency; 
use of market-based flexibility in the network operations; network development plans; ownership criteria of 
electric vehicles charging infrastructure for distribution network owners; independent aggregators, market entry 
for market participants; compensation model for independent aggregation; different energy company models; 
metering and exchange of information; regulation gaps related to smart meters and exchange of information 
and legislation blocks; cost effective realization of market-based flexibility and alternatives for the 
harmonization of the structure of transfer prices. The main impacts on DSOs are: 
1. Obligation of the DSO to acquire flexibility services: The DSO shall secure the use and development of 
the distribution network and the market-based flexibility it needs to manage transmission restrictions in the 
DSO's territory. The changes are not expected to have significant short-term financial or technical 
implications for DSOs. The EA may grant an exemption from the obligation to procure flexible services on 
a market basis when it is not economically efficient. Due to the low demand for flexible services so far, no 
rapid changes are expected in current operating models. However, under the amendment to the development 
obligation, which entered into force in August 2021, network operators will have to draw up a plan for the 
possible use of electricity flexibility, energy storage, energy efficiency measures and other resources as an 
alternative to expanding transmission network transmission capacity. This is also likely to increase demand 
for flexible services. In the future, it is estimated that DSOs will be able to use their networks more 
efficiently when they no longer need to be scaled according to rare disruptions or consumption peaks. 
According to a presentation at the Smart Grid Forum set by the EA,48 the change would reduce the 
network's investment needs in the future and improve the network's security of supply. The market-based 
acquisition of flexible services is, thus, expected to generate long-term financial savings, although it is still 
difficult to assess their magnitude. 
2. Obligation to procure additional services that do not affect system frequency on market terms: Additional 
services of distribution network companies within the meaning of the new Electricity Market Directive 
include voltage control, short-circuit current management, reactive power supply and isolated operation. 
Potential flexibility targets for the DSO would be, above all, voltage control, short-circuit current 
management and management of reactive power. The amendment is not expected to have short-term effects 
 
48
https://energiavirasto.fi/documents/11120570/15657793/%C3%84lyverkkoforum_02_20191104+Kalvot.pdf/032f0073-1090-366d-1a9c-
f6d20ada52f1/%C3%84lyverkkoforum_02_20191104+Kalvot.pdf.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
on voltage control or short-circuit current management in distribution networks.  
3. Other business activities of the DSO/Charging of electric vehicles: According to the amendment, and as 
under the current unbundling policy, DSO should not engage in the business of charging services for electric 
vehicles. The charging business must be unbundled from the distribution/network business. There are some 
proposed exemptions to this. However, the DSO can maintain charging points for electric vehicles reserved 
for its own use. The electric vehicle charging service business is expected to develop in Finland sufficiently 
well by operators other than electricity network operators and, therefore, the legislator has viewed that it is 
not necessary to enforce a complex exemption procedure in Finland. Consequently, the amendment does 
not significantly change the current legal situation in this respect and is not expected to have a significant 
financial impact on the business of DSOs.  
Impact on regulation from outside Finland  
As a part of the European Union, Finland is obliged to implement EU directives and regulations. Since the adoption 
of the EM Act 2013, Finland has transposed into national law provisions related to energy efficiency, demand response 
and demand side management in system operation pricing and an additional provision which sets a ceiling on 
transmission and distribution tariff increases. 
In addition to EU level regulation, Nordic energy market authorities have a common objective to increase competition, 
improve the efficiency of business operations in the market and make it easier for consumers to operate in the 
electricity market.  
On 15 December 2021, the European Commission adopted a set of legislative proposals to decarbonise the EU gas 
market by facilitating the uptake of renewable and low carbon gases, including hydrogen, and to ensure energy security 
for all citizens in Europe. In line with EU’s goals set forth in the Green Deal and related climate legislation, the 
European Union needs to decarbonise the energy it consumes to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55 per 
cent by 2030 and become climate-neutral by 2050, and these proposals will help to deliver that goal. The present 
initiative builds upon a comprehensive set of legislative acts that have been adopted and updated during the past two 
decades. With the objective of creating an internal energy market in the EU. Concerning network planning, the 
increasing penetration of intermittent energy sources requires the whole energy system to be better integrated and the 
infrastructure to become more interconnected, based on a more holistic and inclusive approach to further increment 
interlinkages between electricity and gases systems including hydrogen. 
Implementation of the Directive on Energy Efficiency  
In connection with the implementation of Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency, a whole new Act on Energy 
Efficiency (1429/2014, as amended) (the “new Energy Efficiency Act”) was approved by the Parliament of Finland 
in December 2014 along with certain necessary amendments to the EM Act 2013, the Natural Gas Market Act 2000 
and the Act on Supervision of Electricity and Natural Gas Markets. The majority of the provisions of the new Energy 
Efficiency Act and the amendments to existing legislation entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The new Energy Efficiency Act introduced a statutory obligation for large entities to conduct an energy audit every 
four years and to appoint a person responsible for such audits. Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo conducted the first energy 
audit required by the new Energy Efficiency Act on 4 of December 2015. 
The changes to the EM Act 2013 concerned, among others, restrictions to the terms and conditions of distribution 
services and their invoicing, such as a general prohibition to include conditions that hinder the fulfilment of efficiency 
improvement targets (such as tariff structures that indirectly encourage consumers to increase consumption). Certain 
similar provisions were included in the new Energy Efficiency Act and Natural Gas Market Act. Although the contents 
of the amendments require further guidance of the EA, the Caruna Group is of the view that the changes should not 
require significant changes to its current practices. 
Finland has transposed the Energy Efficiency Directive into national law, through i.e., the new Energy Efficiency Act. 
Paragraph (c) of Annex XII to the Directive has been transposed into national law by the Act Amending the Electricity

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Market Act (1430/2014). The Directive no longer requires national implementing measures in this regard. 
Regulatory Authorities 
The main regulatory authorities relevant to the Caruna Group’s operations are the EA and the Finnish Competition 
and Consumer Agency (the “FCCA”). The role and functions of these authorities are discussed below. 
Ministry of Employment and the Economy 
Ministry of Employment and the Economy (the “Ministry”) is responsible for preparing legislation affecting the 
electricity sector.  
Energy Authority 
The EA is an independent regulator and acts as the national regulatory authority referred to in the Third Energy Package. 
It is tasked with the monitoring of electricity and natural gas markets, promoting their functionality, implementing 
energy policies and supervising emissions trading. The EA is governed by the Act on the Energy Authority. 
The EA reports to the Ministry and carries out its tasks in co-operation with the Ministry, the FCCA and certain other 
authorities. The EA’s operations are funded largely through the licence and permit fees collected from the various licence 
holders. In addition, a considerable part of the EA’s financing is derived from the government budget. 
The operations of the EA are divided into the following six units: 
Market 
Regulation Unit 
 
Network 
Regulation Unit 
 
Renewable Energy 
Unit 
 
Emissions 
Trade Unit 
 
Energy Efficiency 
Unit 
 
Administrative 
Services Unit 
 responsible for 
matters 
pertaining to 
the distribution 
and supply of 
electricity and 
natural gas, as 
well as their 
production and 
retail. 
 responsible for 
the financial and 
technical 
supervision of the 
electricity and 
natural gas 
network 
operations and 
for the 
supervision of the 
system 
operations. 
 responsible for 
the planning, use 
and management 
of the subsidies 
for electricity 
produced by 
renewable 
energy sources. 
 responsible for 
the processing 
and supervision 
of emissions 
trading licences 
and the 
management of 
the emissions 
trading register. 
 responsible for 
measures 
promoting 
energy 
efficiency, 
such as energy 
audits and 
energy 
labelling, and 
for energy 
efficiency- 
related 
monitoring and 
reporting at a 
national level. 
 responsible for 
fiscal, personnel 
and data 
administration and 
other services that 
support the 
functions of the 
other units of the 
EA. 
 
With respect to the electricity (and natural gas) markets, the duties and powers of the EA have been defined 
in detail in a separate supervision regime, the Act on Supervision of Electricity and Natural Gas Markets, 
enacted in connection with the EM Act 2013. Under that Act and the EM Act 2013, the EA has, among others, 
the following duties: 
 
a general duty to supervise compliance with the EM Act 2013, the Natural Gas Market Act (587/2017, as 
amended) and the relevant EC legislation governing the common electricity and natural gas market in 
the European Union; 
 
confirming the pricing methods applicable to the operations of DSOs during each regulatory period, and 
to supervise compliance with these methods;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
granting the relevant DSO network licences and building permits for the construction of power lines with 
voltages of 110 kilovolts and higher; 
 
monitoring, including the duty to monitor: (a) the use of contractual practices within the energy markets; 
(b) the investments in the electricity generation capacity and their effects on the reliability of the 
electricity distribution; (c) the level of transparency of the electricity and natural gas markets and 
compliance by the different actors in these markets with their obligations relating to transparent markets; 
and (d) the development of supply and demand of electricity and natural gas and the quality and 
maintenance of the networks to enhance the security of electricity supply; and 
 
co-operation with other authorities acting within the energy markets, such as the Agency for the Co- 
operation of Energy Regulators (the “ACER”), the European Commission and other regulatory 
authorities of the European Economic Area. 
The EA is further obliged to annually report to the Ministry, the ACER and to the European Commission on 
its activity and the fulfilment of its duties as a national regulatory authority, covering the steps taken and 
results obtained as regards its duties. 
Finnish Competition and Consumer Agency 
The FCCA is a general supervisory authority which, under the Act on Competition and Consumer Agency, 
oversees: (a) competition and consumer policies; (b) the general functionality of the markets; (c) the 
implementation of the European Union competition laws; and (d) the economic and legal protection of 
consumers. The FCCA reports to the Ministry. 
The Act on Supervision of Electricity and Natural Gas Markets explicitly allows the EA to transfer a matter 
concerning restrictive practices to the FCCA, the FCCA being correspondingly allowed to transfer matters 
concerning the EM Act 2013 and the Natural Gas Market Act to the EA. The FCCA supervises the fulfilment 
of consumer rights in all energy sectors under the general provisions of the Consumer Protection Act. 
The FCCA carries out inspections either on its own initiative or based on complaints received. The FCCA’s 
investigations can cover the operations of a single company or the business activities of a whole industry. The 
FCCA is also entitled to request information and materials from a company for determining whether it is 
involved in restrictive practices as set out in the Competition Act. Under the Competition Act, the FCCA may 
impose a conditional fine on the company in order to ensure compliance with its information requests. 
If a company is found to be unlawfully involved in restrictive practices as set out in the Competition Act, the 
Finnish Market Court may, upon the proposal of the FCCA, impose a penalty payment on such company. The 
fine can amount to up to 10 per cent. of the company’s turnover during the year in which it was last involved 
in the infringement. In addition, the FCCA may order the company to discontinue the unlawful activities and 
to deliver a product to another company on similar conditions as offered to others in an equivalent position. 
Also, the company may become liable for damages that the unlawful activities may have caused. 
In 2018, Caruna Oy increased prices 9.0% and Caruna Espoo Oy’s prices stayed the same. In 2019, Caruna Oy’s 
increase in prices was 3.9% and Caruna Espoo’s pricing did not increase. No price changes were made during 
2020. In 2021, Caruna Espoo Oy decreased prices 2.5% in average. Caruna Oy did not change prices during 
2021. Distribution prices are determined by the network structure, investment needs and the number of 
customers, and pricing and other operations of electricity distributors are monitored by the EA. Caruna 
includes two network companies operating under very different circumstances: Caruna Espoo Oy in urban 
areas and Caruna Oy in rural areas. Most of Caruna Espoo Oy’s electricity network, spanning 8,100 
kilometres, has already been taken underground, which is why investments per customer are moderate 
(approximately EUR 95 in 2020). In the EM Act amendments that came into force in 2021, when certain 
conditions are met, DSOs can extend the deadline to meet the requirement for a weatherproof network from 
2028 to 2036. Caruna Oy meets the criteria and will use the option to extend the deadline from the end of 
2028 that was originally set out in the EM Act 2013. At the end of 2021, the length of Caruna Oy’s electricity

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
network was 80,000 kilometres and investments per customer were EUR 254 (2020). 
 
Principles of Electricity Distribution Regulation 
General Obligations of DSOs 
The EM Act 2013 provides certain general obligations applicable to DSOs, including obligations to: (a) develop the 
network; (b) connect consumption sites and power installations; and (c) provide electricity distribution services. 
Obligation to Develop 
The DSO is obliged to maintain, use and develop its network and the connections to other networks based on the 
requirements governing the operation of the electricity network and the reasonable needs of system users. The 
electricity system must be designed and constructed in such a way that: 
 
the network fulfils the requirements that the security of supply and the technical quality of both the 
electricity transmission and distribution is good; 
 
the network and network services function reliably and securely in case of customary and expected 
weather-related, mechanical or other external disturbances; 
 
the network and network services function as reliably as possible where there are disturbances in normal 
conditions and the conditions specified in the Finnish Emergency Powers Act (1552/2011, as amended); 
 
the network functions compatibly with the electricity system as a whole and, where needed, may be 
connected to another network; 
 
electricity consumption sites and power-generating installations that meet the set requirements may be 
connected to the network; and 
 
the DSO is otherwise able to fulfil its obligations set forth in the EM Act 2013. 
 
Network Development Plans 
Pursuant to the latest amendment to the EM Act 2013, further requirements were set for the obligation to 
develop the network. In this regard, the network operator should design, build, and maintain the electricity 
network in such a way, that the network operator provides the transmission and distribution service to its 
network users in a cost-effective manner. Furthermore, the provisions of the EM Act 2013 concerning the 
distribution network development plan was supplemented so that the plan can be used to monitor the cost-
effectiveness of the development of the distribution network in the future. The future development plan for 
the distribution network should include a plan for consumption flexibility, electricity storage, network 
operator energy efficiency measures and the possible use of other resources as an alternative to expanding the 
distribution network transmission capacity. The aim of these amendments is for the DSOs to, in addition to 
underground cabling, take into account more comprehensively all possible measures to renew the network, 
expand the capacity and increase the level of security of supply. The network development plan must be 
drawn up at least every two years. The DSO shall consult the relevant network users and the transmission and 
high-voltage DSOs on the development plan. The DSO shall publish the development plan together with the 
results of the consultation.   
Obligation to Connect 
Upon request and in exchange for a reasonable compensation, the DSO has the obligation to connect to the 
network electricity consumption sites and power-generating installations located within its area of operation. 
The terms and technical requirements for connecting must be equal and non-discriminatory and take into 
account the reliability and efficiency of the electricity system. Pursuant to an amendment introduced to the 
EM Act 2013 in connection with the implementation of the new Energy Efficiency Act, a DSO must connect

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
the customer to the network within 24 months from the entry into of the connection contract unless such 
connection leads to unreasonable costs due to the investments required to be made by the DSO for such 
connection (e.g. when connecting larger power-generating installations) or is discriminatory towards other 
network users. 
Obligation to Distribute 
The DSO is obliged to sell electricity distribution services in exchange for reasonable compensation and within 
the limits of its system capacity. 
Licences required from a DSO 
Operating an electricity distribution network requires a licence issued by the EA. The conditions for granting 
a licence include that the operator has the technical, economic and organisational resources necessary for 
conducting the DSO operations. These conditions are considered fulfilled if: 
 
the operator is either a private company or a public utility; 
 
the operator’s organisation corresponds to the nature and scope of its DSO operations; 
 
the operator has sufficient staff in its service that correspond to the nature and scope of its DSO 
operations; 
 
the operator has an operating manager and, if the operator conducts electrical works, also a manager of 
electrical works who meet the eligibility requirements set out in the Finnish Electrical Safety Act 
(410/1996, as amended, and repealed and replaced by the new Finnish Electrical Safety Act (1135/2016, 
as amended) as of 1 January 2017); 
 
the operator meets the economic prerequisites for conducting profitable DSO operations; 
 
the operator has the right to decide on the resources required for the operation, maintenance and 
development of the network and has the power to enter into connection and electricity agreements with 
the users of the network; and 
 
the operator conducts other operations in addition to the DSO operations and the operator has presented 
an account on the unbundling of these operations as set out in the EM Act 2013. 
The licence is in force for an indefinite period unless, in specific situations, the EA orders the licence to be 
valid for a fixed term. The DSO must comply with the above conditions during the period that the licence 
remains in force. As part of the licence, the EA may impose further requirements that support the fulfilment 
of the conditions. 
The licence specifies the geographic area of responsibility of the DSO. The licence itself is not transferable. 
Pursuant to the latest amendments to EM Act 2013, the provision regarding activities that are not subject to 
license was supplemented. Accordingly, distribution of electricity via a separate line would also be excluded 
from the electricity network activities subject to a licence if the distributed electricity is produced in small-
scale electricity generation. 
 
Key Aspects of Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo’s Licences 
Caruna Oy’s distribution network licence was originally granted by the EA to Fortum Sähkönsiirto Oy on 30 
December 2004 and Caruna Espoo’s distribution network licence was originally granted to Fortum Espoo 
Distribution Oy on 27 March 2007. The licences are still valid for the Caruna OpCos as they are still regarded 
as the same legal persons in spite of changes in the ownership of the companies and the companies’ names. 
Each licence is valid until further notice. Caruna Oy’s licence specifies that its geographic area of responsibility 
covers several municipalities in southern, western and north-western Finland, in addition to which Caruna

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Oy is permitted to operate in Koillismaa, Southern Ostrobothnia, Satakunta, South Western Finland and 
Uusimaa. Caruna Espoo’s licence specifies that its geographic area of responsibility covers the areas of Espoo, 
Kirkkonummi and Joensuu. The licence conditions require each Caruna OpCo to inform the EA: (a) in the event 
of changes in the area of responsibility; (b) in case the distribution operations grow; or (c) in the event of 
changes in circumstances that have constituted a prerequisite for obtaining the licence. 
As part of the implementation provisions of the EM Act 2013, there is a technical requirement for each DSO 
to renew its licence. Each Caruna OpCo was required to submit a new licence application to the EA by 2 
December 2013. The EA has communicated to each Caruna OpCo that the process to grant licences for DSOs 
has been delayed because of resource issues at the EA. The delays are not caused by DSOs. The Caruna 
OpCos’ current licences continue in force until the EA has made a legally binding decision on their licence 
applications. The Caruna Group is of the view that this renewal process is a technical one and has no reason 
to believe that the Caruna OpCos will not be issued with new licences. The licences are valid until further 
notice. 
Modification and Revocation of Licence 
The conditions for the licence may generally be modified by the EA only with the consent of the relevant DSO. 
However, where a modification is necessary due to a decision of an appellate court or significant changes in 
the relevant legislation or in the DSO’s operating conditions, the EA may modify the licence conditions 
without such consent. Furthermore, the EA may modify the operator’s geographical area of responsibility 
defined in the licence if substantial grounds (including substantial changes in circumstances associated with 
the geographic area of responsibility) for such modification exist. Subject also to a notice to the EA and to 
the users that have been connected to the relevant network, the DSO may agree with another network operator 
to amend the geographic area of responsibility. 
The EA may revoke the licence upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
the DSO discontinues its system operations; 
 
the DSO no longer meets the conditions for the granting of the licence; or 
 
the DSO repeatedly and substantially breaches its licence conditions, the provisions of the EM Act 2013 
or any rules or orders enacted under it, or the relevant EC legislation, and provided that the licence holder 
has not rectified its breach regardless of an advance notice on the revocation of the licence. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Caruna Group is not aware of any DSO’s network licence having been 
revoked or any condition of any DSO network licence having been modified by the EA without the consent 
of the relevant DSO. Should the EA revoke the licence, the EA shall determine the measures that may be 
necessary in order to ensure that the DSO operations in the relevant geographic area are continued. If there is no 
agreement regarding the transfer of the network to a new operator, the EA may decide upon the transfer of the 
licence and the remuneration and the grounds related to the redemption of the network shall be determined in 
accordance with the Act on Redemption of Real Estates and Special Rights (603/1977, as amended). As a rule, 
the original DSO is entitled to full compensation for the economic loss resulting from such redemption. 
Sanctions for Non-compliance 
The Act on Supervision of Electricity and Natural Gas Markets and the EM Act 2013 impose certain sanctions 
with respect to non-compliance with applicable electricity regulation. If a DSO conducts operations without 
a licence or against the terms of its licence, a fine may be imposed on the DSO. If a DSO breaches its relevant 
statutory obligations, the EA can require the operator to correct such breaching activities or other non-
compliance. The EA may impose a conditional fine to ensure compliance with its supervisory decisions. In 
addition, the EA has the right to perform inspections in operators’ premises in order to carry out its supervisory 
duties.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
In addition, the Market Court may, upon the recommendation of the EA, impose a penalty payment on a party 
that either intentionally or negligently violates certain key provisions of the Finnish electricity and gas 
legislation. These provisions include regulations regarding pricing and the general obligation to develop 
network quality and security of supply set out in the EM Act 2013. The penalty payment can amount to up to 
10 per cent. of the DSO’s revenue for the last financial year during which the violation has continued. The 
sanction can also be imposed on an entity to which the relevant DSO operations have been transferred as a 
result of a corporate transaction. 
Pricing and Reasonable Return Methodology for Electricity Distribution Services 
General 
The EA sets ex ante the methodology and principles to be used in determining distribution network rates of 
return. These methodologies and principles are then administered ex post by the EA over four-year 
regulatory periods. The confirmed methodology and principles for the ongoing regulatory period 
commencing in 2016 will be in force for two consecutive four-year regulatory periods, until the end of 
2023. English translations of the new methodology and principles are available at the regulator’s webpage: 
https://energiavirasto.fi/documents/11120570/13078331/Appendix_2_Regulation_methods_DSOs_2016-
%202023.pdf/0c4db75e-826a-8ca6-c749-1e69fa37a5e3/Appendix_2_Regulation_methods_DSOs_2016-
%202023.pdf.pdf 
The methodology is based on the principle that the DSO should earn a reasonable return on capital that over 
the long term is equal to its WACC in addition to certain incentives and allowances as determined based on 
the guidelines issued by the EA. 
During the regulatory period, the EA calculates and notifies each DSO by the end of October each year of the 
reasonable rate of return and the realised adjusted profit from network operations for the previous year. As a 
condition for this timetable, the DSO shall furnish to the EA the information necessary for such determinations. 
Although these annual calculations may not be separately appealed, when advising DSOs of such calculations, 
the EA requests the DSO to inspect and comment on any mistakes it has observed. If necessary, the EA submits 
a new calculation to the DSO on the basis of this feedback. Failure to submit comments on the annual 
calculations does not prevent the DSO from appealing the final regulatory decision. 
After the end of the full regulatory period, the EA officially confirms the absolute amount by which a DSO’s 
realised adjusted profit for the entire regulatory period exceeds or falls below the level of return that is 
considered reasonable. In calculating the reasonable return, the EA makes several adjustments to earnings 
reflected in the DSO’s unbundled statutory financial statements (prepared according to the Finnish Accounting 
Standards) and to the capital invested in network operations by the DSO. 
To the extent that a DSO has either accumulated a deficit or surplus in its actual return compared to its 
reasonable return over the regulatory period, distribution service charges for the subsequent regulatory period 
are adjusted, as applicable, to compensate either the DSO or its customers. The right for adjustment of a deficit 
in returns accrued during a regulatory period is valid only in the subsequent regulatory period. A potential 
surplus, for example in the third regulatory period, is required to be returned to customers through lower tariffs 
at the latest by the end of the fourth regulatory period in 2016-2019. If the DSO’s realised adjusted profit has 
exceeded the amount of reasonable return by at least 5 per cent. during the regulatory period, an annual interest 
shall be imposed on the full amount of the surplus for the duration of the regulatory period then ended. Such 
interest shall be based on the average cost of equity confirmed by the EA as part of its confirmation for such 
regulatory period. 
 
Regulatory Method for Assessing Reasonableness of Pricing 
The figure below illustrates the methodology used to assess the reasonableness of the pricing of electricity

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
distribution services in the fourth and fifth regulatory periods and how it compares to the actual profit after 
adjustments required by the EA. 
 
 
In the formula, the left-hand side depicts how the reasonable return is derived by applying the regulatory WACC 
on the adjusted capital invested in the network operations. The basis for the valuation of adjusted capital 
invested in network operations, as used in the calculation of a DSO’s reasonable return, is the balance sheet for 
the electricity network operations included as part of the DSO’s unbundled statutory financial statements. 
This balance sheet is adjusted in accordance with the guidelines issued by the EA to derive the regulatory asset 
value (“RAV”) and the regulatory capital (“RC”) of the network operations.53 
The key component in calculating the RAV and the RC of network operations is the network replacement value 
which is derived on an aggregate network component-by-component basis as reported by the DSO. For a 
discussion of the adjustments to capital invested in network operations and the deriving of the regulatory capital, 
see “Adjusting the Capital Invested in Network Operations”. 
The right-hand side of the figure below depicts the methodology used by the EA to adjust the statutory operating 
profit based on the DSO’s unbundled statutory profit and loss account (prepared according to the Finnish 
Accounting Standards) to derive the actual adjusted regulatory profit for the period. This is then compared to 
the reasonable return (i.e. the allowed profit for the period shown on the left-hand side of the figure below) 
to determine the deficit or surplus return for the network operator in the period. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53 RAB is often used both to describe RAV and RC. For clarity, Caruna uses RAV to describe the present value of the grid and RC to describe the 
capital which forms the basis for the allowed return. The difference between RAV and RC lies in the non-interest bearing liabilities and other 
financial adjustments made. 
Figure 1
Methodology of reasonable return
Regulatory Capital 
Multiply 
x 
Regulatory WACC 
Equals 
Reasonable Return

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet and Allowed Profit 
Income Statement and Actual Profit 
Less
Interest-free debt
Add
Other assets relating tonetwork
operations
Less 
Innovation incentive 
Multiply
Regulatory WACC
Less 
Financial costs 
Equals
Regulatory allowed return
Equals
Regulatory-adjusted actual profit
before taxes (1)
Adjustment to tariffs in
f t
l t
i d
Surplus/deficit 
(1) Note that this method is contrary to that used in the years 1995 – 2015, which incorporated theoretical taxes 
into the calculation. 
EA network componentunit
prices (industry wide)
Add/Less
Add/Less
Add/Less
Add/Less
RAV 
Network age 
adjustment 
Network replacement value 
Number of network 
components 
Actual operating profit 
(EBIT) 
Equals
RC
Regulatory adjustments 
Investment incentive 
Quality incentive 
Efficiency incentive 
Regulatory-adjusted actual 
operating profit (EBIT) 
Equals

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
The regulatory adjustments to a DSO’s unbundled statutory profit and loss account are aimed at incentivising 
operational behaviour that improves the quality, reliability and efficiency of an electricity distributor’s 
operations. 
These incentives and allowances can provide a meaningful increase to allowed profits for companies that invest 
in the network, deliver on reliability targets, generate innovative solutions and take steps to enhance security 
of supply. 
Comparing Adjusted Profit to Reasonable Return and Claw-back 
The EA calculates annually, for each DSO, the realised surplus or deficit return by applying the regulatory 
WACC to the company’s RC and compares this to the actual adjusted profit (i.e. including incentives of the 
DSO for the respective year). To the extent that a DSO has either accumulated a deficit or surplus in its actual 
return compared to its reasonable return over the previous regulatory period, distribution service charges for 
the subsequent regulatory period are adjusted, as applicable, to compensate either the DSO or its customers. 
For each year in the period, the EA declares both the reasonable and outturn return earned on the network and 
an aggregated Euro amount of surplus or deficit of the reasonable return for the period as a whole. During the 
subsequent regulatory period, the DSO may then adjust its tariffs so as to target either a corresponding deficit 
or surplus in that period in aggregate. 
This true-up mechanism for past performance against the reasonable return only relates to the regulatory period 
immediately preceding the current period in which the surplus or deficit is recovered. A return deficit is only 
recoverable over the next regulatory period and a surplus must be returned to the customers in the next period. 
Inflation Adjustment 
There are several inflation adjustments in the methodology for the fourth and fifth regulatory periods (2016- 
2019, 2020-2023): 
 
the costs from the efficiency incentive and the prices used to calculate quality incentive are indexed to 
current price levels using the consumer price index average for April-September of the current year; 
 
the component unit price list prices are updated to the 2016 level using the average of the construction 
cost index for April-September 2015. Thereafter, the prices will be fixed for eight years until the end of 
2023; and 
 
the replacement value of the grid used as basis for the Investment Incentive will be updated annually by 
using the average of the consumer price index for April-September of the respective year. 
According to the determinations, in the fourth and fifth regulatory period (2016-2023), the price of network 
components will not be adjusted annually according to the building cost index and the reasonable rate of return 
will be applied on a nominal basis. Therefore, no inflation adjustment will be made to the nominal risk-free 
rate. 
Adjusting the Capital Invested in Network Operations 
The electricity network, consisting of various components, is the largest single element in the fixed assets of 
a DSO. According to the EA, the electricity network consists of interconnected electricity lines, substations 
and other necessary electrical equipment for the purpose of electricity distribution and transmission. 
When determining the value of capital invested in the network operations, the EA does not apply the book value 
of the electricity network because the book value does not necessarily reflect the actual market value of the 
capital invested. The value of the electricity network will instead be determined by its net present value based 
on the replacement value of the network.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Replacement Value 
The replacement value of the electricity network is calculated for each year in the regulatory period to reflect 
the value at the end of the respective year in question. Calculations are generally done on the basis of the 
quantity data of various components in the electricity network using the standard component-specific unit prices 
that are based mainly on recommendation by the Finnish Energy Industries, an industry organisation. The 
replacement value of the electricity network is calculated by multiplying the given quantities of components 
that are in actual use by the DSO with the corresponding component-specific unit prices and by adding up these 
replacement values. 
Regulatory Asset Value 
Similar to replacement value, RAV (the net present value of the electricity network) is calculated annually at 
the end of the year. The RAV is calculated from the replacement value but applying the network component- 
specific average age and irrevocable lifetime selection provided by the DSO which is within the given 
regulatory lifetime range. In order to determine the average age of the various component groups, the actual 
age of the components is used. This generally means the age since commissioning. The RAV is calculated 
separately for each component group. The following equation illustrates the RAV for a specific component 
group in a given year. 
 
RAV = (1 - [Average component Age/Lifetime]) × Network component replacement value 
where the replacement value represents the aggregate replacement value of the whole component group. 
To calculate the total RAV of the electricity network, the RAV of all component groups are aggregated. 
For the fourth regulatory period, in the RAV calculations, the regulatory unit prices have been updated based 
on an inquiry made in 2014-2015 and indexed with the consumer price index to the cost level of April – 
September 2015. These prices were to be fixed for the eight years between 2016 and 2023, however the EA 
made an update for 2022-2023 based on 2020 cost levels.  
In the third regulatory period, the RAV was calculated based on the number of components in operation at the 
beginning of the year. In the fourth and fifth regulatory periods, the RAV will be calculated based on the 
situation at end of each regulatory year. This means, for example, that in determining RAV for 2022, the number 
of components in use at the end of the year will be used to estimate the RAV.  The number of components, and 
therefore RAV, will be updated annually. 
Regulatory Capital 
After calculating the RAV, the adjusted capital invested in network operations (the “RC”) is derived by: 
 
adding other fixed assets related to the network operations at book value; 
 
adding work-in-progress and advance payments; 
 
adding trade receivables and accrued income; 
 
deducting non-interest-bearing liabilities; and 
 
deducting voluntary provisions, 
to or from the RAV of the network. The calculations below illustrate the adjustments made to the statutory 
balance sheet of the network operator. For the current regulatory period, RAV and RC for each year form a basis 
for the reasonable return calculation.  
In the fourth and fifth periods, the reasonable rate of return will be applied on a pre-tax basis (vs. post-tax basis

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
in the third period). Therefore, deferred taxes related to the depreciation difference of grid assets are not 
deducted from RC. 
 
 
 
 
Calculation of Regulatory WACC 
In order to calculate a reasonable ex ante return on the network operations, the EA applies the parameters that 
are presented in the following figure. All parameters of the reasonable rate of return are fixed for the period, 
except for the risk-free rate which is updated annually. The reasonable rate of return is equal to the WACC 
imputed on a notional capital structure. 
Risk-free Rate  
The EA considers the 10-year yield to maturity of the Finnish government’s euro-denominated bonds as the 
best approximation of the market risk-free rate to be used in calculating reasonable returns. To calculate the 
risk-free rate for a given year, the EA uses the average 10-year yield to maturity of the Finnish Government’s 
euro-denominated bonds during the previous year’s period from April to September (e.g. for the year 2022, the 
rate is determined based on the daily averages for the period April to September in 2021). The risk-free rate is 
revised every year. Historically, the Finnish government 10-year bond reached an all-time high of 13.55 per 
cent. in September 1992 and a record low of 0.477 per cent. in March 2020. The development of the yield of 
Finnish government 10-year bond and differential vs. Germany is illustrated below.54 
Yield to Maturity (%) 
 
54 Source–https://www.suomenpankki.fi/en/Statistics/chart-gallery/interest-rates-and-exchange-rates/interest- 
rates/suomen_valtion_10_v_korko/. 
X +Y - Z
Regulatory Asset Value of 
+
electricity distribution assets 
Other assets relating to the
distribution network 
Interest-free debt
RC
Replacement Value 
(RV) of electricity 
distribution network 
components (prices 
supplied by EA) 
Weighted average 
techno-economic 
lifetimes (supplied by 
EA) 
The net present value of 
each component is 
calculated as follows: 
Inventories are included at 
book value 
Trade receivables are 
included at book value 
Assets that are not part of 
the operation of the 
electricity network will 
not be included in the RC 
calculation 
 
Current liabilities such 
as accounts payable, 
accrued charges 
Connection charges 
accrued pre-2005 
The RC represents the total 
capital upon which the 
DSO is allowed to earn a 
reasonable return 
RAV = (1 – [Component 
Age / Lifetime]) * 
Replacement Value

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
https://fi.tradingeconomics.com/finland/government-bond-yield 
 
Equity Risk Premium 
Based on various expert opinions and the Market Court’s decision (MAO: 635-688/10), the EA has decided 
to use an equity market premium of 5 per cent. This is the same equity market premium that was used in the 
first, second and third regulatory periods. 
Credit Spread 
On the basis of expert opinion and the Market Court’s decision (MAO: 635-688/10), the EA adds a 1.40 per 
cent. credit spread margin to the risk-free rate. The credit spread is defined separately in each regulatory period 
as there is no unequivocal method or individual market quote available to determine it as, for example, for 
nominal risk-free rate. 
Debt and Gearing 
The EA applies a notional gearing level of 40 per cent. debt and 60 per cent. equity to all Finnish DSOs when 
calculating the reasonable cost of equity for purposes of determining the reasonable rate of return. The selected 
fixed capital structure corresponds to the average capital structure of the electricity distribution network 
operators when network assets have been adjusted to their present value. 
Asset Beta 
Based on an external expert’s opinion, the EA uses an unlevered beta of 0.54 when calculating the reasonable 
cost of equity for the purposes of determining the reasonable rate of return. 
Illiquidity Premium 
For the fourth and the fifth regulatory periods, the illiquidity premium is set to 0.6 per cent.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Summary of Methodology Changes 
The determinations for the fourth and the fifth regulatory periods (2016-2019 and 2020-2023, respectively) 
stipulate a number of changes applicable to the parameters above. These are summarised in the table below: 
 
The determinations for the fourth and fifth regulatory periods stipulate that the risk-free rate is updated annually, 
the credit spread was updated in 2020, and all other parameters of the WACC are fixed for the eight years 
between 2016 and 2023.
 
2016 WACC 2017 WACC 2018 WACC 2019 WACC 2020 WACC 2021 WACC 2022 WACC 2023 WACC
Tax rate 
(corporate) 
 
20% 
 
20% 
 
20% 
 
20% 
 
20% 
 
20% 
 
20% 
 
20% 
Risk free interest 
rate 
 
2.87% 
 
2.55% 
 
2.18% 
 
1.81% 
 
1.45% 
 
1.12% 
 
-0.08% 
 
1.76% 
Inflation 
adjustment 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Asset beta 
0.54 
0.54 
0.54 
0.54 
0.54 
0.54 
0.54 
0.54 
Equity beta 
0.828 
0.828 
0.828 
0.828 
0.828 
0.828 
0.828 
0.828 
Market risk 
premium 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
 
5.0% 
Illiquidity 
premium 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
 
0.60% 
Share of debt 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
Share of equity 
60% 
60% 
60% 
60% 
60% 
60% 
60% 
60% 
Credit spread 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
Cost of equity 
7.61 % 
7.29% 
6.92% 
6.55% 
6.19% 
5.86% 
4.66% 
6.5% 
Cost of debt 
4.27% 
3.95% 
3.58% 
3.21% 
2.71% 
2.38% 
1.18% 
3.02% 
Post-tax, real 
WACC 
 
5.93% 
 
5.63% 
 
5.30% 
 
4.96% 
 
4.58% 
 
4.28% 
 
3.17% 
 
4.87% 
Pre-tax, real 
WACC 
 
7.41% 
 
7.04% 
 
6.62% 
 
6.20% 
 
5.73% 
 
5.35% 
 
3.97% 
 
6.08% 
Post-tax nominal 
WACC 
 
5.93% 
 
5.63% 
 
5.30% 
 
4.96% 
 
4.58% 
 
4.28% 
 
3.17% 
 
4.87% 
Pre-tax nominal 
WACC 
 
7.41% 
 
7.04% 
 
6.62% 
 
6.20% 
 
5.73% 
 
5.35% 
 
3.97% 
 
6.08%

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
The Incentives and Allowances Regime: Adjusting the Profit and Loss Statement 
To calculate the actual adjusted profit of the DSO, the EA uses the DSO’s unbundled statutory profit and loss 
statement from its statutory financial statements and adjusts it based on the regulatory incentives and allowances 
discussed below. 
Investment Incentive 
The investment incentive is designed to encourage the DSO to maintain and improve the electricity network 
through investments. 
The investment incentive mechanism is based on the adjustment of the allowed depreciations to be taken into 
account in calculating the level of allowed profit. The EA will use depreciation based on the imputed straight- 
line depreciation determined from the network replacement value instead of the accounting depreciation based 
on book value. The purpose of the straight-line depreciation calculated from the replacement value is to 
safeguard a sufficient level of income for the DSO in order to make replacement investments. The adjustment 
in the depreciation basis should guarantee a sufficient level of replacement investment and treats all DSOs 
neutrally despite varying asset book values due to, for example, accounting differences. To secure the 
functioning of the incentive, the replacement value used to derive the straight-line depreciation will be indexed 
annually by using the consumer price index. 
When calculating the DSO’s actual adjusted profit from network operations, the impact of the investment 
incentive is deducted from the operating profit (loss) of the unbundled statutory financial statements. The impact 
of the investment incentive is calculated so that the planned depreciations from the electricity network based 
on the DSO’s accounting are deducted from the straight-line depreciations calculated from the adjusted 
replacement value of the DSO’s electricity network. 
Quality Incentive 
The EA encourages the DSOs to improve the quality of electricity distribution by applying a quality incentive 
to the calculation of actual adjusted profit. The basic underlying principle behind the incentive is to minimise 
the outage costs to the end user which arise from disturbances in the DSO’s operations. 
The quality incentive method is symmetric in that the level of the maximum quality penalty equals the level 
of the maximum quality bonus. The calculation of the quality incentive takes into account the difference 
between actual outage costs and a reference level of outage costs. 
When calculating the DSO’s actual adjusted profit from network operations, the impact of the quality incentive 
is deducted from the operating profit (loss) of the unbundled statutory financial statements. The impact of the 
quality incentive is calculated so that the difference between the reference level of the DSO’s outage costs 
adjusted to the value of money for the year in question and the actual imputed outage costs55 for the year in 
question (subject to elimination of certain abnormal deviations) is deducted from the operating profit (loss). 
The impact of the quality incentive is capped at a maximum of +/-15 per cent. of the reasonable return of the 
DSO in any given year. 
 
 
 
 
55 The actual imputed outage cost (the “KAH”) is calculated by using outage ratios reported to the EA on a yearly basis. The EA has set list prices 
for different categories of outages. The other components used for calculating the KAH are: (i) the volume of energy distributed per year 
relative to consumption in the 0.4kv and 1-70 kv networks; (ii) the number of hours in a year; and (iii) the Finnish Consumer Price Index, which 
is factored into the formula for inflation since 2005 when list prices were set. The calculation is made according to the following formula: the 
sum of the relevant outage ratio(s) multiplied by the applicable list price, adjusted with the volume of distributed energy divided by the number 
of hours in a year and indexed with the Finnish Consumer Price Index factor.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
The reference level for the fourth period is based on the current value of the average inflation-adjusted (based 
on consumer price index) and volume of distributed electricity-adjusted historical outage costs of the particular 
DSO in the period 2008-2015. For the fifth regulatory period, the updated reference years will be  2012-2019. 
Changes compared to third period 
The reference years have been updated and KAH is treated fully in the quality incentive and the cap on impact 
is updated to take into account the change in allowed return. 
Efficiency Incentive 
According to the EM Act, one of the EA’s goals is to improve the efficiency of distribution network operators. 
The efficiency incentive consists of two targets that are set prior to each respective regulatory period. The 
first target is the general efficiency target which is aimed at encouraging DSOs to improve their operations 
alongside general technical developments. For the fourth and fifth periods, the general efficiency requirement 
is set to zero to compensate for costs from new tasks. The second target is the DSO-specific efficiency 
improvement target which is computed by comparing each DSO to its peers by using the Stochastic Non-smooth 
Envelopment of Data method (“StoNED”). The StoNED method assesses the relative efficiency of a DSO in 
comparison to other DSOs based on certain input and output variables. 
In practice, the two aforementioned efficiency improvement targets are combined to set a reference level for 
the reasonable efficiency improvement costs (the sum of controllable operating expenses) for each DSO 
separately. By exceeding these costs, the adjusted actual profit of the company will increase, which in turn will 
raise the surplus (or reduce the deficit) of the regulatory period that needs to be compensated to (or reclaimed 
from) the customers. When applied in the regulatory calculation, the efficiency target is adjusted annually to 
reflect the effect of inflation (based on consumer price index), the growth in the DSO’s network and the number 
of customers. 
When calculating the DSO’s actual adjusted profit, the impact of the DSO’s efficiency incentive is deducted 
from the operating profit (loss) in accordance with the unbundled statutory financial statements. The impact 
of the efficiency incentive is calculated so that the actual annual efficiency costs are deducted from the DSO’s 
reasonable efficiency costs for the same year. 
The efficiency incentive has been updated for the fourth and fifth regulatory periods. The reference years for 
the fourth period were 2008-2014, and the average efficiency score of the period 2011-2014 was used as a 
starting point. The annual efficiency requirement for Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo in the fourth regulatory 
period (2016-2019) was finalised in September 2016 to 8.98 per cent. and 6.39 per cent. respectively. For the 
fifth regulatory period, the efficiency frontier was updated based on the latest available data from the period 
from 2012-2018. Fixed output parameters were also updated based on data from 2015 to 2018. Companies in 
the Caruna Group have outperformed the efficiency model (in respect of allowed OPEX-level) significantly 
during the transition period and it is assumed that this outperformance will continue after the transition period. 
There will be six factors which will be taken into account in determination of the efficiency incentive: (i) the 
general efficiency improvement target; (ii) variables of the DSO-specific efficiency improvement target; (iii) 
the DSO-specific efficiency improvement target; (iv) the reference level for the DSO-specific efficiency 
improvement target; (v) materialised costs of efficiency improvement measures; and (vi) efficiency 
improvement target in calculation of the adjusted income statement. In the final determinations, it has been 
noted that after certain amendments to the EM Act 2013 new responsibilities and new courses of action have 
been and will be introduced to DSOs. Therefore, the value of the general efficiency target for the fourth and 
fifth regulatory periods will be 0 per cent. instead of 2 per cent. that was applied for the third period.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Variables of the DSO-specific efficiency improvement targets used in the StoNED model consist of input 
variables, output variables and operational environment variables. The input variable consists of the sum of 
controllable operating costs and replacement value of the grid, while the output variables include: (a) energy 
transmitted to the network; (b) the total length of the electricity network; (c) the number of customers; and 
(d) outage costs. The operational environment variable is the ratio of connections and customers, which 
redresses higher operating costs of sparsely populated areas. 
The DSO-specific efficiency improvement target is computed by comparing each DSO to its peers by using 
the StoNED method. The computing will be conducted as in the previous regulatory period. As to the 
reference level for the DSO-specific efficiency improvement target and materialised costs of efficiency 
improvement measures, they shall be calculated annually based on reasonable operational costs which can be 
controlled. When calculating the DSO’s actual adjusted profit, the impact of the DSO’s efficiency incentive 
is deducted from the operating profit (loss) in accordance with the unbundled statutory financial statements. 
The impact of the efficiency incentive is calculated so that the actual annual efficiency costs are deducted from 
the applicable reference level. The maximum amount of the efficiency incentive will be made reasonable by 
means of the maximum limiting values – the efficiency incentive shall not exceed 20 per cent. of a DSO’s 
annual reasonable return for the relevant year. 
The annual efficiency requirement for Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo in the fourth regulatory period (2016- 
2019) was finalised on 28 September 2016, calculated at 8.98 per cent. and 6.39 per cent., respectively. 
For the fifth regulatory period (2020-2023), the efficient frontier was recalculated. Caruna Oy received an 
efficiency score of 104.3 per cent. and Caruna Espoo Oy 78.3 per cent. 
Changes compared to the third period 
The StoNED model specification has been updated and new reference years are being used. KAH is no 
longer a direct parameter in the model. A cap on the impact of the incentive has been introduced and is 
set to +-20 per cent. of the allowed return. 
Innovation Incentive 
For the third regulatory period, the EA introduced an innovation incentive to encourage DSOs to further 
promote technical and operational innovations. The innovation incentive consists of two separate 
components: (a) R&D costs up to a maximum of 0.5 per cent. of turnover; and (b) the costs of hourly metering 
at certain remotely read metering points. Both of these are defined by the regulator in detail. 
When calculating the DSO’s actual adjusted profit from network operations, the impact of the innovation 
incentive is deducted from the operating profit (loss) of the unbundled statutory financial statements. The impact 
of the innovation incentive is calculated so that the reasonable costs of the two different sections of the 
innovation incentive are added up. 
For the fourth and fifth regulatory periods, only the R&D-related part of the innovation incentive will remain. 
Hourly metering costs are assumed to be compensated through the update of the reference level for the 
efficiency incentive. R&D costs compensated by the incentive can be a maximum of 1 per cent. of turnover 
with pooling possibility for four years. 
Security of Supply Incentive 
On 29 November 2013, the EA amended the regulatory guidelines for 2014-2015 based on the EM Act 2013, 
which came into force on 1 September 2013. In its decision, the EA introduced a new Security of Supply 
Incentive which consists of the following two parts:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
(a) 
the RAV of prematurely demolished (i.e., if the asset is replaced prior to the end of its regulatory 
asset life) 20kV and 0.4kV overhead lines, pole-mounted transformer stations (excluding 
transformers) and disconnectors is recovered through a reduction of adjusted actual profit in the 
year in which the asset is demolished; and 
(b) 
additional costs relating to tree clearance outside line corridors and the development and 
operational expenses of outage communication systems (e.g. SMS messages) are considered to be 
pass-through costs in the calculation of adjusted actual profit for the respective year. 
The Security of Supply Incentive was applied since 2014-2021. As a result of recent regulator’s decisions, 
the Security of Supply Incentive was removed in 2022.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
CHAPTER 9 
SELECTED FINANCIAL OVERVIEW OF THE CARUNA GROUP 
The commentary in this section should be read in conjunction with the group audited consolidated financial 
statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 and for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021, as 
well as pages 12 to 15 of the investor report of Caruna Networks Oy dated 9 March 202349, each of which is 
incorporated into this Prospectus by reference. Further details can be found in Chapter 3 (“Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”).  
Group 
Item 
Periods 
ending 
Accounting standard 
The Caruna Group 
Consolidated audited 
financial statements 
31 December 
2021; 31 
December 
2022
IFRS 
Basis of Preparation 
Since 2014, the Caruna Group has prepared consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS. Year-
end for the Caruna Group is 31 December. The consolidated financial statements include Caruna Networks, 
Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy, Caruna Networks Espoo Oy (from 1 January 2015 to 31 December 2017) 
and from 1 April 2014, the Caruna OpCos. Previously, financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis 
in accordance with Finnish Accounting Standards (“FAS”). 
Caruna Group 
The Caruna Group uses both revenue and EBITDA50 as performance indicators of its business operations. 
Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated EBITDA margin are APMs. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated in 
line with the definition thereof on pages 278-279. Consolidated EBITDA margin is calculated as Consolidated 
EBITDA as a percentage of consolidated revenues (each as included in the table below and as disclosed in the 
consolidated audited financial statements for the periods ending 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022). 
Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated EBITDA margin are included here because the Caruna Group believes 
that these measures and other similar measures are used by certain investors, analysts and other interested 
parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated 
EBITDA margin may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other entities and each have 
limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the 
Caruna Group’s operating results as reported in the consolidated audited financial statements. 
Pages 13 to 14 of the investor report of Caruna Networks Oy dated H2 2022, as incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus, also includes the Senior Interest Cover Ratio, FFO, Net Debt – Senior and Senior Leverage 
Ratio for H1 and H2 of 2022, each of which are APMs for the purposes of this Prospectus. 
 
 
50  Caruna defines EBITDA as Operating Profit before accounting depreciation.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Summary financials of the group (€ millions) 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
 
2021 
2022 
Consolidated revenues 
499.8 
484.6 
Consolidated EBITDA 
324.7 
313.9 
Consolidated EBITDA 
margin (per cent.) 
65.0% 
64.8% 
 
The financial results of the Caruna Group are predominantly driven by the Caruna OpCos. 
The revenue generated by the Caruna OpCos is fully regulated as explained in Chapter 8 (“Selected Aspects of 
Finnish Regulation to which the Caruna Group is Subject”). 
The majority of the Caruna OpCos’ revenue is generated from the distribution of electricity. This distribution 
income is dependent on both the network tariff and electricity consumption. The tariffs are set in accordance 
with the Caruna Group’s pricing strategy. The Caruna Group has discretion to set prices which are within the 
limits of the regulatory framework. The regulatory framework is broadly “volume neutral” since any over- and 
under-recovery of revenue attributed to volumes can be corrected in subsequent years. 
Electricity consumption can vary depending on customer type. The consumption per connection for both 
households and businesses is heavily dependent on weather conditions and temperature. In addition, the 
electricity consumption growth for households is driven by population growth, whereas for business customers 
operating in the agriculture, construction, industrial and services sectors of the electricity market, economic 
growth is a key driver. 
In addition, the Caruna Group generates regulated revenue through the sale of new network connections and 
contracting works. Connection Fees are payable for new physical connections to the electricity distribution 
network and are broadly correlated with macroeconomic development. The number of customers increased 
from approximately 640,000 in 2013 to approximately 714,000 in 2021 and approximately 726,000 in 2022.51 
The Caruna Group’s contracting works are reflected as “Other Income”. These are separately invoiced services 
for customers who require additional works, for example, relocating parts of the network. 
The information below provides an overview of the selected audited consolidated financial information for each 
12-month period ending 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. All figures have been rounded and 
consequently the sum of individual figures may deviate from the sum presented. The figures have been 
calculated using exact figures. 
Consolidated Financial Information Volumes (GWh) 
 
2021 
2022 
Distribution Volumes 
15,507 
 
 
51 Source: Caruna Group.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Change year-on-year, per 
cent. 
+5.4% 
 
Revenue (€ millions) 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
 
2021 
2022 
Distribution Income 
483.0 
460.8 
Connection Fees 
16.6 
23.6 
Profit for construction of optical 
fibre network 
0.1 
0.2 
Total Revenue 
499.8 
484.6 
Change year-on-year, per cent. 
+5.2% 
-3.0% 
 
Operating Costs (€ millions) 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
 
2021 
2022 
Transmission costs 
69.2 
57.7 
Network Losses 
24.5 
32.8 
Total Non-Controllable 
Operating Costs (pass-through) 
93.8 
90.5 
Personnel Expenses 
27.1 
26.7 
External services and maintenance 
fees  
47.2 
46.8 
Other Operating Expenses 
13.8 
10.8 
Total Controllable Operating 
Costs 
88.1 
84.3 
Total Operating Costs 
181.8 
174.8 
 
Investments (€ millions) 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
 
2021 
2022 
Growth Investments 
40.1 
42.3 
Replacement Investments 
85.8 
80.9

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
IFRS 
IFRS 
 
2021 
2022 
Other Investments 
3.1 
1.8 
Other Additions (net) 
10.2 
8.6 
Total 
140.1 
133.6

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
CHAPTER 10 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS52  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms or 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, shall be applicable to the Bonds in definitive form (if any) issued in 
exchange for the Global Bond(s) representing each Series. Either: (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus; or (ii) 
these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on such Bearer Bonds or on the Certificates 
relating to such Registered Bonds. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. Those 
definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Bonds or Certificates, as the case may be. References in these 
Conditions to “Bonds” are to the Bonds of one Series only, not to all Bonds that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
Transmission Finance DAC (the “Issuer”) has established a bond programme (the “Programme”) for the 
issuance of up to €10,000,000,000 bonds (the “Bonds”). Bonds issued under the Programme on a particular 
Issue Date comprise a Series (a “Series”). 
Bonds may be fixed rate bonds (“Fixed Rate Bonds”), floating rate bonds (“Floating Rate Bonds”) or index-
linked bonds (“Index-Linked Bonds”) depending on the method of calculating interest payable in respect of 
such Bonds and may be denominated in sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or in other currencies subject to compliance 
with applicable law. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Bonds are these terms and conditions 
(“Conditions”) completed by a set of final terms in relation to such Series (a “Final Terms”) or a drawdown 
prospectus (a “Drawdown Prospectus”). In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable) shall prevail. 
Reference to “Final Terms” or “Drawdown Prospectus” is to the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Drawdown 
Prospectus (or the relevant provisions thereof) applicable to the Bonds. 
The Bonds are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Bonds 
(the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 29 January 2016 between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch (the “Bond Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the bond trustee or 
trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Bondholders (as defined below). These Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the 
Bearer Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 29 January 2016 has been 
entered into in relation to the Bonds between the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the other paying 
agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to 
below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include 
the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the 
 
52 [Note: terms and conditions to be aligned with the finalised changes in the supplemental bond trust deed, once agreed amongst parties]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available 
for inspection during usual business hours at the principal office of the Bond Trustee (presently at Citigroup 
Centre, 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents 
and the Transfer Agents. 
The Bondholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Bonds in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Bonds, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) 
relating to Bonds in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the benefit of, 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have 
notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Bonds which are identical in all respects. Any further terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions have the meaning given to them in the Issuer STID. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Bonds are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Bonds”) or in registered form (“Registered Bonds”), in each 
case, in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
This Bond is a Fixed Rate Bond, a Floating Rate Bond or an Index-Linked Bond, depending upon the Interest 
and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Bonds are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) and (if 
applicable) Receipts attached. 
Registered Bonds are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(d) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Bonds), each Certificate shall 
represent the entire holding of Registered Bonds by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Bonds and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Bonds shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Bond, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Bondholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Bond and the Receipts relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Bond is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Bond, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Bond is registered (as the case may be), and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Bonds. 
2 
No Exchange of Bonds and Transfers of Registered Bonds 
(a) 
No Exchange of Bonds from Registered Bonds to Bearer Bonds or from Bearer Bonds to 
Registered Bonds: Registered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Bonds. Bearer Bonds of one

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Bonds. 
(b) 
Exchange of Bearer Bonds: Interests in each Temporary Global Bond are exchangeable on and after 
the date which is 40 calendar days after the Issue Date, upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership by the relevant Bondholder, for interests (recorded in the records of the Clearing Systems) in 
a permanent global Bond (each a “Permanent Global Bond”) representing the same Tranche of Bonds 
(the expressions Global Bonds and Global Bond including respectively: (i) all of the Temporary Global 
Bonds and the Permanent Global Bonds or the Temporary Global Bond and the Permanent Global Bond 
of a particular Tranche; or (ii) Permanent Global Bonds, as the context may require). The Permanent 
Global Bonds have also been deposited with the Common Depositary and/or the Common Safekeeper 
for the Clearing Systems. Interests in each Permanent Global Bond are exchangeable for definitive bonds 
in bearer form (each a “Definitive Bond”) in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Bond, provided that such Definitive Bonds shall not be listed on a stock exchange within the 
European Economic Area or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area. 
(c) 
Transfer of Registered Bonds: One or more Registered Bonds may be transferred upon the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Bonds to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed, and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Bonds represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred, and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Bonds and entries 
on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Bonds scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval 
of the Registrar and the Bond Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Bondholder upon request. 
(d) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Bonds: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or a Bondholder’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered 
Bonds represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Bonds of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Bonds of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Bonds to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Bonds, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2I (Transfer of 
Registered Bonds) or 2(d) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Bonds) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and surrender 
of the Certificate intended to be exchanged. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate has been made or, at the option of the 
holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and 
pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(e), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(f) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Bonds and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an 
option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity and/or security and/or prefunding as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(g) 
Closed Periods: No Bondholder may require the transfer of a Registered Bond to be registered: (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment 
Amount in respect of, that Bond; (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Bonds may 
be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8(f) (Redemption due to receipt 
of Borrower Enforcement Proceeds under the IBLA), after any such Bond has been called for redemption; 
(iii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Bonds may be called for redemption by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to Receipt of Equity Cure Amount under 
the IBLA), after any such Bond has been called for redemption; or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3 
Status 
The Bonds and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (if any) are direct, unconditional and limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, are secured in the manner described in Condition 4 (Security) and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
4 
Security 
(a) 
Security: As continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Issuer Secured Liabilities 
(including all moneys payable in respect of the Bonds, Coupons and Receipts and otherwise under the 
Trust Deed, the Issuer STID, the Issuer Security Documents, the other Issuer Finance Documents and 
any deed or other document executed in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Issuer STID or the Issuer 
Security Documents and expressed to be supplemental to the Trust Deed, the Issuer STID or the Issuer 
Security Documents (as applicable) (the “Trust Documents”) (including the remuneration, expenses 
and other claims of the Issuer Security Trustee and any Receiver appointed under the Issuer STID or the 
Issuer Security Documents)), the Issuer has entered into the Issuer Security Documents to create as far 
as permitted by and subject to compliance with any applicable law, the following security (the “Issuer 
Security”) in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on trust for the other Issuer Secured 
Creditors, including, but not limited to, the Bondholders: 
(i) 
English law assignments of its rights and receivables under the IBLA, the Common Terms 
Agreement, the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Borrower STID, the Issuer STID, the 
Issuer Security Agreement, the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, the Issuer Cash Management

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement and all Issuer Finance Documents (other than the Trust Deed 
and the Issuer Security Documents); and 
(ii) 
an English Law charge over its bank accounts (except the Issuer account to hold the profit amount 
and the issued share capital of the Issuer), 
all as more particularly set out in the Issuer Security Documents. 
All Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme will share in the Issuer Security constituted by the 
Issuer in the Issuer Security Documents, upon and subject to the terms thereof. 
(b) 
Relationship among Bondholders and with other Issuer Secured Creditors: The Bondholders are 
Issuer Secured Creditors. The Bond Trustee is an Issuer Secured Creditor on its own behalf and on behalf 
of the Bondholders. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions detailing the Bond Trustee’s duties to consider the interests of 
Bondholders as regards all discretions of the Bond Trustee (except where expressly provided or 
otherwise referred to in the Trust Deed). In addition, the Issuer STID contains provisions detailing the 
Issuer Security Trustee’s duties to consider the interests of the Issuer Secured Creditors (including the 
Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders) in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the 
Issuer STID. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Security: The Issuer Security shall become enforceable upon the commencement of 
and at any time during an Enforcement Period, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer STID. Such a 
period begins upon the termination of a Standstill (other than where the underlying default is waived in 
accordance with the Issuer STID). It continues until the earlier of the date on which all Issuer Secured 
Liabilities are discharged or the date on which the Issuer Security Trustee (acting according to the 
instructions of the relevant Issuer Secured Creditors pursuant to the Issuer STID) notifies the Issuer that 
the Enforcement Period has ended. Where such Issuer Security becomes enforceable, the Issuer Security 
Trustee shall enforce its rights with respect to the Issuer Security in accordance with the Issuer STID, 
but without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect 
thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any particular Bondholder or other Issuer 
Secured Creditor, provided that the Issuer Security Trustee shall not be obliged to take any action unless 
it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
Bondholders acknowledge and agree that only the Issuer Security Trustee is entitled to: (i) deliver an 
Acceleration Notice in accordance with the Issuer STID; (ii) take Enforcement Action against the Issuer 
save as permitted under the Issuer STID; or (iii) take proceedings or to exercise any rights, discretions 
or powers, or to grant any consents or releases, in respect of the security given under or pursuant to the 
Issuer Security Documents or otherwise have direct recourse to the Issuer Security. 
In the event of the Issuer Security becoming enforceable as provided in the Issuer Security Documents, 
the Issuer Security Trustee shall, if directed by any of the Issuer Secured Creditors, deliver an 
Acceleration Notice and exercise all rights which may be available to it under any Issuer Finance 
Document, and enforce any Issuer Security Document in accordance with the Issuer STID. 
(d) 
Application before Enforcement: Before enforcement of the Issuer Security, the Issuer shall (to the 
extent such funds are available) use funds standing to the credit of the account of the Issuer to make 
payments in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (as set out in the Issuer STID).

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
(e) 
Application after Enforcement: After enforcement of the Issuer Security, the Issuer Security Trustee 
shall (to the extent that such funds are available) use all Available Enforcement Proceeds to make 
payments in accordance with the Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments as set out in the Issuer 
STID. 
(f) 
Issuer Security Trustee and Bond Trustee not Liable for Security: Neither the Bond Trustee nor the 
Issuer Security Trustee will make, or be liable for any failure to make, any investigations in relation to 
the property which is the subject of the Issuer Security, and shall not be bound to enquire into or be liable 
for any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Issuer Security, whether such defect or 
failure was known to the Issuer Security Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or 
enquiry or whether capable of remedy or not, nor will it have any liability for the enforceability of the 
Issuer Security created under the Issuer Security Documents whether as a result of any failure, omission 
or defect in registering or filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting such Issuer Security or otherwise. 
The Issuer Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee shall have no responsibility for the value of any such 
Issuer Security. 
The Bond Trustee is authorised by the Bondholders to execute the Issuer STID (and the Bondholders are 
deemed, by acquiring an interest in the Bonds, to consent to such authorisation). 
The Issuer Security Trustee is authorised by the Bondholders to execute the Issuer Security Documents 
as Issuer Security Trustee for, among others, the Bondholders (and the Bondholders are deemed, by 
acquiring any interest in the Bonds, to consent to such authorisation). 
5 
Issuer Covenants 
So long as any of the Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer has agreed to comply with the covenants as set out 
in the Issuer STID. 
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the Issuer in relation to 
any matter relating to such covenants and to accept without liability any such certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the relevant fact or matter stated in such certificate. 
6 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Bonds: Each Fixed Rate Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Calculations). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Bonds and Index-Linked Bonds: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Bond and Index-Linked Bond bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount and, if it is an Index-Linked Bond, adjusted for indexation in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Indexation) from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(e) (Calculations). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown 
hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event: (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment; (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day; (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Bonds 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Bonds 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Bonds is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Bonds will be determined as provided hereon; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case, as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if sub-paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this sub-paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where linear interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (x) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate; and (y) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Bond on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event, interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
6 (Interest and other Calculations). 
(d) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either: (A) generally; or (B) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (A), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (B), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6(b) (Interest On Floating Rate Bonds and Index-Linked Bonds) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) 
of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified): (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up); (B) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that, if 
the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up); and 
(C) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(e) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Bond for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Bond for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Borrower Enforcement Redemption Amount, Borrower Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Borrower Enforcement Redemption 
Amount, Borrower Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount 
to be notified to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Bondholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Bonds that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Bonds are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than: (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount; or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii) 
(Business Day Conventions), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the prior written consent 
of the Bond Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Bonds become due and payable under Condition 12 (Issuer Events of Default), 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Bonds shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 6(f) (Determination and Publication of 
Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts) but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made unless the Bond Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of 
any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Business Centres” means those places of business specified in the Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Bond for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or 
not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360;

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case, 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2, will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless: (A) that 
day is the last day of February; or (B) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless: (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (B) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period; and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(A) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Bonds, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(B) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified: (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Bond 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case, selected by 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Bonds are denominated.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Bond is outstanding (as defined in 
the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Bonds, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Borrower Enforcement Redemption Amount, Borrower Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with 
the prior approval of the Bond Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
7 
Indexation 
This Condition 7 is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the Bonds as 
Index-Linked Bonds. 
(a) 
Definitions: 
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base)) the base index figure as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base), the 
Finnish Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) (for all items) which is sponsored by Statistics Finland and 
which, along with information on its past and future performance, is available free of charge to view on 
their website at https://www.stat.fi/til/khi/tau_en.html (or any replacement page thereto), or any other 
index (including any comparable index which may replace any of the foregoing), for the purpose of 
calculating the amount payable on repayment of any Finnish Government Index-Linked Bond 
instrument. Any reference to the Index Figure: 
(i) 
applicable to a particular month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index), 
be construed as a reference to the Index Figure published in the third month prior to that particular 
month and relating to the month before that of publication; 
(ii) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) 
(Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes 
to the Index), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure published in the second month prior 
to that particular month and relating to the month before that of publication; or 
(iii) 
applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) (Changes 
in Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Index), be calculated by linear interpolation between: (A) the Index Figure applicable to the first 
calendar day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above; and (B) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the following month, 
calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above, and rounded in accordance with Condition 
6(d) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding). 
If the Index is replaced, the Issuer will describe the replacement Index in a supplementary prospectus. 
“Index Ratio” applicable to any month means the Index Figure applicable to such month divided by the 
Base Index Figure. 
“Limited Index Ratio” means: (a) in respect of any month prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Index 
Ratio for that month; (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Month after the relevant Issue Date, the 
product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month and the Limited Index Ratio as previously 
calculated in respect of the month 12 months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of any other month, the 
Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited Indexation Month. 
“Indexation Adviser” means an internationally recognised investment bank or financial adviser 
recognised as having expertise in indexation matters appointed by the Issuer in such capacity to perform 
certain functions in respect of Index-Linked Bonds as set out in these Conditions. 
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month, the ratio of the Index 
Figure applicable to that month divided by the Index Figure applicable to the month 12 months prior 
thereto, provided that: (i) if such ratio is greater than the maximum indexation factor in relation to the 
Index Ratio specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “Maximum Indexation 
Factor”), it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor; and (ii) if such ratio is 
less than the minimum indexation factor in relation to the Index Ratio specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “Minimum Indexation Factor”), it shall be deemed to be equal to 
such Minimum Indexation Factor. 
“Limited Indexation Month” means any month specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated. 
“Limited Index-Linked Bonds” means Index-Linked Bonds to which a Maximum Indexation Factor 
and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) 
applies.  
(b) 
Application of the Index Ratio: Each payment of interest and principal in respect of the Bonds shall 
be the amount provided in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, multiplied by the Index 
Ratio or Limited Index Ratio in the case of Limited Index-Linked Bonds applicable to the month in 
which such payment falls to be made and rounded in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Application of 
Changes). 
(c) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index: 
(i) 
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by the substitution of 
a new base therefor, then with effect from the calendar month from and including that in which 
such substitution takes effect: (A) the definition of “Index” and “Index Figure” in Condition 7(a) 
(Definitions) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or month; and (B) the new Base Index

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Figure shall be the product of the existing Base Index Figure and the Index Figure immediately 
following such substitution, divided by the Index Figure immediately prior to such substitution. 
(ii) 
Delay in publication of Index: If the Index Figure relating to any month (the “Relevant Month”) 
which is required to be taken account for the purposes of the determination of the Index Figure 
applicable for any date is not published on or before the 14th business day before the date on 
which any payment of interest or principal on the Bonds is due (the “date for payment”), the 
Index Figure relating to the Relevant Month shall be: (A) such substitute index figure (if any) as 
the Indexation Adviser considers to have been published by Statistics Finland or the Government 
of Finland (or such other body designated by the Finnish Government for such purpose) for the 
purposes of indexation of payments by reference to CPI or, failing such publication, on any one 
or more issues of index-linked treasury stock selected by an Indexation Adviser (and approved 
by the Bond Trustee); or (B) if no such determination is made by such Indexation Adviser within 
seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last determined 
pursuant to Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base)) before the date for payment. 
(d) 
Application of Changes: Where the provisions of Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in publication of Index) 
apply, the determination of the Indexation Adviser as to the Index Figure applicable to the month in 
which the date for payment falls shall be conclusive and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied 
pursuant to Condition 7(c)(ii)(B) (Delay in publication of Index), the Index Figure relating to the 
Relevant Month is subsequently published while a Bond is still outstanding, then: 
(i) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Bond other than upon final 
redemption of such Bond, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the date 
of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced by an amount equal to (respectively) 
the shortfall or excess of the amount of the relevant payment made on the basis of the Index 
Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 7(c)(ii)(B) (Delay in publication of Index), below or 
above the amount of the relevant payment that would have been due if the Index Figure 
subsequently published had been published on or before the 14th Business Day before the date 
for payment; and 
(ii) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no subsequent adjustment 
to amounts paid will be made. 
(e) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index: 
(i) 
If: (A) the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the Index has ceased to 
be published; or (B) any change is made to the coverage or the basic calculation of the Index 
which constitutes a fundamental change which would, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee acting 
solely on the advice of an Indexation Adviser, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Bondholders, the Bond Trustee will give written notice of such occurrence to the Issuer, and the 
Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) together shall seek 
to agree for the purpose of the Bonds one or more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index 
(with or without adjustments) with the intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the 
Bondholders in no better and no worse position than they would have been had the Index not 
ceased to be published or the relevant fundamental change not been made. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer and the Bond Trustee fail to reach agreement as mentioned above within 20 Business 
Days following the giving of notice as mentioned in Condition 7(e)(i) above, a bank or other

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
person in London shall be appointed by the Issuer (and approved by the Bond Trustee) or, failing 
agreement on and the making of such appointment within 20 Business Days following the expiry 
of the day period referred to above, by the Indexation Adviser (in each case, such bank or other 
person so appointed being referred to as the “Expert”), to determine for the purpose of the Bonds 
one or more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the 
intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the Bondholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published or the relevant 
fundamental change not been made. Any Expert so appointed shall act as an expert and not as an 
arbitrator and all fees, costs and expenses of the Expert and of any Indexation Adviser and of any 
of the Issuer and the Bond Trustee in connection with such appointment shall be borne by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
If any payment in respect of the Bonds is due to be made after the cessation or changes referred 
to in Condition 7(e)(i) above but before any such adjustment to, or replacement of, the Index 
takes effect, the Issuer shall (if the Index Figure applicable (or deemed applicable) to the Relevant 
Month is not available in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base) 
above) make a provisional payment on the basis that the Index Figure applicable to the month in 
which such payment is due to be made is the Index Figure last published. In that event, or in the 
event of any payment (also referred to below as a provisional payment) on the Bonds having been 
made on the basis of an Index applicable under Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in publication of Index) 
and the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of an Indexation Adviser) subsequently determining 
that the relevant circumstances fall within this Condition 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental 
Changes to the Index), then: 
(A) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Bonds other than upon 
final redemption of such Bond, if the sum which would have been payable if such 
adjustment of substitute index had been in effect on the due date for such payment is 
greater or less than the amount of such provisional payment, the Interest Amount payable 
on the Bonds on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date on which such 
adjustment or substitute index becomes effective shall be increased or reduced to reflect 
the amount by which such provisional payment fell short of, or (as the case may be) 
exceeded, the sum which would have been paid on the Bonds if such adjustment or 
substituted index had been in effect on that date; or 
(B) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(iv) 
The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as agreed by the Issuer and the Bond 
Trustee (acting on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) or as determined by the Expert pursuant 
to the foregoing paragraphs, as the case may be, and references in these Conditions to the Index 
and to any Index Figure shall be deemed amended in such manner as the Bond Trustee (acting on 
the advice of the Indexation Adviser) and the Issuer agree are appropriate to give effect to such 
adjustment or replacement. Such amendments shall be effective from the date of such notification 
and binding upon the Issuer, the other Secured Creditors, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, 
and the Issuer shall give notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of 
such amendments as promptly as practicable following such notification.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
8 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 8, each Bond 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Bond shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Bond, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Bond shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Bond falling within 
Condition 8(a)(i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Bond, upon redemption 
of such Bond pursuant to Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), or upon its becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 12 (Issuer Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Bond, upon redemption of such Bond pursuant to Condition 8(f) (Redemption due to Receipt of Borrower 
Enforcement Proceeds under the IBLA) shall be the Borrower Enforcement Redemption Amount. The 
Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Bond, upon redemption of such Bond pursuant to 
Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to Receipt of Equity Cure Amounts under the IBLA) shall be the Equity 
Cure Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Bond, upon 
redemption of such Bond pursuant to Condition 8(e) (Early Redemption on Prepayment of the IBLA) 
shall be the Borrower Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Bond, upon redemption of such Bond pursuant to Condition 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) 
shall be the Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest. 
(c) 
Redemption for Index Events: Upon the occurrence of any Index Event (as defined below), the Issuer 
may, upon giving not more than 15 nor less than five Business Days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee, 
the Issuer Security Trustee, the other Issuer Secured Creditors and the holders of the Index-Linked Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Index-Linked Bonds 
of all Tranches of Bonds on any Interest Payment Date at the Principal Amount Outstanding (adjusted 
in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Application of the Index Ratio)) plus accrued but unpaid interest. No 
single Tranche of Index-Linked Bonds may be redeemed in these circumstances unless all the other 
Tranches of Index-Linked Bonds linked to the same underlying Index are also redeemed at the same 
time. Before giving any such notice, the Issuer shall provide to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security 
Trustee and the other Issuer Secured Creditors a certificate signed by an Authorised Signatory: (i) stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and (ii) confirming that 
the Issuer will have sufficient funds on such Interest Payment Date to effect such redemption including 
all amounts payable in priority thereto in accordance with the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
“Index Event” means: (i) if the Index Figure for three consecutive months falls to be determined on the 
basis of an Index Figure previously published as provided in Condition 7(ii) (Delay in publication of 
Index) and the Bond Trustee and the Issuer have been notified by the relevant Calculation Agent (to be 
appointed at the time of issuance by the Issuer of an Index-Linked Bond) that publication of the Index 
has ceased; or (ii) notice is published by Statistics Finland, or on its behalf, following a change in relation 
to the Index, and no amendment or substitution of the Index has been advised by the Indexation Adviser 
to the Issuer and such circumstances are continuing. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Bond is either a Floating Rate Bond or an Index-
Linked Bond) or at any time (if this Bond is neither a Floating Rate Bond nor an Index-Linked Bond), 
on giving not less than five Business Days’ nor more than 15 Business Days’ notice to the Bondholders, 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption) above), if: (i) the Issuer certifies to the 
Bond Trustee (upon which certificate the Bond Trustee shall rely absolutely and without enquiry or 
liability) immediately before the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as described under Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Ireland or any political subdivision or, in each case, any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Bonds; and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 8(d) (Redemption of Taxation Reasons) , the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred 
to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and the Bond 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
condition precedent set out in (ii) above, in which event, it shall be conclusive and binding on 
Bondholders and Couponholders.  
(e) 
Early Redemption on Prepayment of the IBLA: If the Borrower gives notice to the Issuer under the 
IBLA that it intends to prepay all or part of any IBLA Loan or the Borrower is required to prepay all or 
part of any IBLA Loan, the Issuer shall, on giving not less than five Business Days’ nor more than 15 
Business Days’ notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all of the Bonds of 
the corresponding Series or Tranche or (where part only of the IBLA Loan is being prepaid) the 
proportion of the relevant Series or Tranche of Bonds which the proposed prepayment amount bears to 
the amount of the relevant IBLA Loan at the Borrower Early Redemption Amount plus accrued but 
unpaid interest. 
In this Condition 8: 
“Borrower Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of Bonds denominated in Euro, the 
“Optional Euro Bond Redemption Amount” (as defined in Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer)) or, in respect of Bonds denominated in U.S. Dollars, the “Optional U.S. Dollar Bond 
Redemption Amount” (as defined in Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption due to Receipt of Borrower Enforcement Proceeds under the IBLA: Upon the receipt 
by the Issuer (as the “IBLA Creditor” under the Borrower STID) of Borrower Enforcement Proceeds 
as a result of enforcement of the Borrower Security by the Borrower Security Trustee and Borrower 
Secured Creditors, the Issuer will, on giving not less than five Business Days’ nor more than 15 Business 
Days’ notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem pro rata all of the Bonds 
then outstanding on any Business Day from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant 
Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Borrower Enforcement Redemption 
Amount.  
In this Condition 8(f): 
“Borrower Enforcement Redemption Amount” means the amount that the Issuer receives from the 
Borrower Enforcement Proceeds under and in accordance with the Borrower Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments in the Borrower STID and that the Calculation Agent calculates will be available to pay to 
Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments or the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
(g) 
Redemption due to Receipt of Equity Cure Amount under the IBLA: Where Equity Cure 
Prepayment is specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms, upon the receipt by the Issuer of any 
Equity Cure Amount as a result of the prepayment of any IBLA Loan arising from the provision of any 
additional equity to cure a breach of any financial ratio set out in the Borrower Common Terms 
Agreement (a “Borrower Equity Cure”), the Issuer will, on giving not less than five Business Days’ 
nor more than 15 Business Days’ notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem 
the proportion of the relevant Series or Tranche of Bonds which the Equity Cure Amount bears to the 
amount of the relevant IBLA Loan at the Equity Cure Redemption Amount plus accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
In this Condition 8(g): 
“Equity Cure Amount” means the amount that the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor) receives from the 
Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower Common Terms Agreement in prepayment 
of the principal balance of the relevant IBLA Loan as a result of a Borrower Equity Cure. 
“Equity Cure Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to the Equity Cure Amount.  
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
(i) 
 Optional Redemption 3-Months Par Call: If 3-Months Par Call is specified as being applicable  
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, having given not less than 
10 days’ nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption (the “3-Months Par Call Redemption Date”) and the applicable 
Record Date), redeem the Bonds in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period 
commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any accrued but unpaid 
interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Residual Call: If Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, at any time, the outstanding  aggregate 
nominal amount of the Bonds is 20 per cent. or less of the  aggregate nominal amount of the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Series issued, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ nor more than 60 days’ written 
notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the 
“Residual Call Redemption Date”) and the applicable Record Date), redeem the Bonds in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Floating Rate Bond Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as not being applicable) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Floating Rate Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable), at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption of Floating Rate Bonds: The Issuer may, having given not less than 10 
days’ nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption (the “Optional Floating Rate Bond Redemption Date”) and the 
applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of the Floating Rate Bonds then outstanding 
on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant 
Floating Rate Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any accrued but 
unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Bonds - Optional Euro Bond Redemption: The Issuer may, having given not less than 
10 days’ nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption (the “Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date”) and the applicable 
Record Date), redeem all or only some of the Euro Bonds then outstanding on any Interest 
Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Euro Bonds 
Maturity Date at the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Amount together with interest accrued on 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro Bonds to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date in respect of such Euro Bonds. Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than €5,000,000 and not more than the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Euro Bonds on such Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date. 
If Make Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable: 
(A) 
any notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all 
such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date, or by the Optional Euro Bond Redemption 
Date so delayed; and 
(B) 
the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Amount per Bond shall be equal to the higher of the 
following, in each case together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Euro 
Bond Redemption Date: 
I. 
the nominal amount of the Bond; and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
II. 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest discounted to the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date 
on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified hereon)   at the 
Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus any applicable Redemption 
Margin  specified hereon , in each case as determined by the Determination 
Agent. 
In this Condition 8(h)(iv):  
“Determination Agent” means the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified hereon or any suitable successor 
Reference Dealers appointed by the Determination Agent. 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Euro 
Bond Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond specified hereon or, if the Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers, at the 
Quotation Time specified hereon on the Determination Date specified hereon quoted in writing 
to the Determination Agent and the Issuer by the Reference Dealers. 
 
(v) 
Fixed Rate Bonds - Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption: The Issuer may, having given not 
less than 10 days’ nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date”) 
and the applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of the U.S. Dollar Bonds then 
outstanding on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including 
the U.S. Dollar Bonds Maturity Date at the Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant U.S. Dollar 
Bonds to (but excluding) the relevant Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date in respect of 
such U.S. Dollar Bonds. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
U.S.$5,000,000 and not more than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant U.S. Dollar 
Bonds on such Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date. 
If Make Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable: 
(A) 
any notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any 
or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or 
all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date, or by the Optional U.S. 
Dollar Bond Redemption Date so delayed; and

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(B) 
the Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Amount per Bond shall be equal to the higher 
of the following, in each case together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional 
U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date: 
I. 
the nominal amount of the Bond; and 
II. 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest discounted to the Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption 
Date on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified hereon)  at 
the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus any applicable Redemption 
Margin  specified hereon , in each case as determined by the Determination 
Agent. 
In this Condition 8(h)(v):  
“Determination Agent” means the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified hereon or any suitable successor 
Reference Dealers appointed by the Determination Agent. 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional U.S. 
Dollar Bond Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Bond specified hereon  or, if the Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers, at the 
Quotation Time specified hereon on the Determination Date specified hereon quoted in writing 
to the Determination Agent and the Issuer by the Reference Dealers. 
(vi) 
Optional Redemption of Index-linked Bonds: The Issuer may, having given not less than 10 days’ 
nor more than 60 days’ written notice to the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption (the “Optional Index-Linked Bond Redemption Date”) and the 
applicable Record Date), redeem all or only some of the Index-Linked Bonds then outstanding 
on any Interest Payment Date from and excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant 
Index-linked Bonds Maturity Date at the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any accrued but 
unpaid interest up to and including the date of redemption (in each case, as adjusted in accordance 
with Condition 7(b) (Application of the Index Ratio). References in this Condition 8(h) to 
Principal Amount Outstanding of any Index-Linked Bonds shall be to the Principal Amount 
Outstanding as adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Application of the Index Ratio). 
In this Condition 8(h): 
“Bund Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
equivalent yield to maturity as at such date of the Comparable German Bund Issue, assuming a 
price for the Comparable German Bund Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Comparable German Bund Price on such date of determination or, if such rate is 
negative then the Bund Rate shall be zero. 
“Comparable German Bund Issue” means the German Bundesanleihe security selected by any 
Reference German Bund Dealer as having a fixed maturity most nearly equal to the Remaining 
Life to Maturity and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities 
in a principal amount approximately equal to the then Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Bonds and of a maturity most nearly equal to the Remaining Life to Maturity provided, 
however, that if the Remaining Life to Maturity is less than one year, a fixed maturity of one year 
shall be used. 
“Comparable German Bund Price” means, with respect to any relevant date, the average of all 
Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations for such date (which, in any event, must include at 
least two such quotations), after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference German Bund 
Dealer Quotations or, if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference German 
Bund Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations. 
“Financial Adviser” means an internationally recognised investment bank in Frankfurt am Main 
acting as a financial adviser (selected by the Issuer and notified in writing to the Bondholders, 
provided that such adviser cannot be any Borrower Obligor). 
“Optional Euro Bond Redemption Amount” means, in respect of the relevant Euro Bonds, an 
amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Euro Bonds; and 
(ii) 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the present value of the Principal Amount Outstanding for the relevant Euro Bonds 
at the Reference Date; and 
(b) 
all required interest payments that would otherwise be due to be paid on the 
relevant Euro Bonds during the period between that Optional Euro Bond 
Redemption Date and the relevant Euro Bonds Maturity Date (excluding accrued 
but unpaid interest to the Optional Euro Bond Redemption Date), 
discounted at a rate equal to the Bund Rate plus 50 basis points as at the Reference Date. 
“Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Amount” means, in respect of the relevant U.S. 
Dollar Bonds, an amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant U.S. Dollar Bonds; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the present values, calculated on the relevant Optional U.S. Dollar Bond 
Redemption Date of all of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of and interest 
on the U.S. Dollar Bonds to be redeemed on such Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption 
Date (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the relevant 
Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date), in each case, from but excluding the 
applicable Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date to and including the U.S. Dollar 
Bonds Maturity Date, computed on a semi-annual basis by discounting such payments, 
assuming a 360-day year consisting of 12 30-day months and using a semi-annual yield 
to maturity equivalent to the then current treasury bond yield corresponding closest to the 
Remaining Life to Maturity on the U.S. Dollar Bonds calculated at the Optional U.S. 
Dollar Bond Redemption Date, plus 50 basis points.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
“Reference Date” means the date which is three Business Days prior to the dispatch of the notice 
of redemption under this Condition 8(h). 
“Reference German Bund Dealer” means any dealer of German Bundesanleihe securities 
appointed by the Financial Adviser. 
“Reference German Bund Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference German 
Bund Dealer and any relevant date, the average as determined by the Financial Adviser of the bid 
and offered prices for the Comparable German Bund Issue (expressed, in each case, as a 
percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference 
German Bund Dealer at or about 3.30 p.m. (Frankfurt am Main, Germany time) on the Reference 
Date. 
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means any primary U.S. government securities dealer appointed 
by the Issuer. 
“Remaining Life to Maturity” means, in respect of the relevant Bonds, the period from the 
relevant Optional U.S. Dollar Bond Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Optional Euro 
Bond Redemption Date to the U.S. Dollar Bonds Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Euro Bonds Maturity Date. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any Borrower Obligor may at any time purchase Bonds (provided that all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any such Bonds held by the Issuer 
or any Borrower Obligor will be excluded from the definition of “Outstanding Principal Amount” for 
the purpose of voting under any Issuer STID Proposal or relevant Borrower STID Proposal or Notice. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Borrower Obligor shall be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Bonds, by surrendering each such Bond together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, 
in the case of Registered Bonds, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Bonds to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Bonds redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith). Any Bonds so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Bonds shall be discharged. 
9 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Bonds shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented 
for payment together with its relative Bond), Bonds (in the case of all other payments of principal and, 
in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 9(f)(vi) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 9(f)(ii), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank. “Bank” means a 
bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks 
have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Bonds:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 9(b) shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Bonds shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer 
Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in Condition 9(b)(ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 9(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts other 
than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Bonds shall be paid to the person shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the 
date of payment (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Bond shall be 
made in the Relevant Currency upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, and shall be made by transfer to an 
account in the Relevant Currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
In this Condition 9(b): 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive, except 25 December and 
1 January of any year. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Bonds are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
10 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Bondholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Bondholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time with the approval of the Bond Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain: (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent; (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Bonds; (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Bonds; (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require; (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities; 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Bonds may be 
listed in each case, as approved by the Bond Trustee.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Bonds denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 9(c) (Payments in the 
United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Bondholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Bonds which comprise Fixed Rate Bonds (other than 
Index-Linked Bonds), such Bonds should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Borrower Enforcement Redemption Amount, Borrower Early Redemption Amount, Equity Cure 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Bond comprising a Floating Rate Bond, or Index-
Linked Bond, unmatured Coupons relating to such Bond (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Bond, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Bond (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Bond that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Bond having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Bond that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Bonds is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Bond is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Bond is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Bond or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Bond that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Bond 
against presentation of the relevant Bond or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Bond, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and, if

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
necessary, another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Bond, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 9(h), “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business 
in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the Relevant Currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the Relevant Currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
10 Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Bonds, the Receipts and 
the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. Where so required (including where it was agreed that the relevant Tranche of Bonds would not be listed 
on the Issue Date of such Bonds and instead would be listed prior to the first Interest Payment Date, but the 
Issuer has not achieved such agreed listing prior to the first Interest Payment Date in respect of such Tranche 
of Bonds), the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Bondholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in 
respect of any Bond, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder which is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Bond, Receipt or Coupon by reason 
of it having some connection with Ireland other than: 
(i) 
the mere holding of the Bond, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of such Bond, Receipt or Coupon;  
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on or before the expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
in respect of any unlisted Bonds issued by the Issuer, if the relevant Bondholder is not a Qualifying 
Holder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (or any regulations or official guidance thereunder) or 
an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any regulations or official guidance implementing such an intergovernmental

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
agreement) shall be treated as a withholding or deduction required by law for purposes of these terms and 
conditions. 
In this Condition 10:  
“Qualifying Holder” means any Bondholder that is beneficially entitled to the interest payable to that 
Bondholder in respect of the relevant Bonds and is: 
(a) 
an authorised credit institution under the terms of the Codified Banking Directive (2000/12/EC) that has 
duly established a branch in Ireland having made all necessary notifications to its home state competent 
authorities required thereunder in relation to its intention to carry on banking business in Ireland and 
such credit institution is carrying on a bona fide banking business in Ireland for the purposes of section 
246(3)(a) TCA and has its registered office located in Ireland; or 
(b) 
a building society, within the meaning of section 256(1) TCA, which is carrying on a bona fide banking 
business in Ireland for the purposes of section 246(3)(a) TCA and whose registered office is located in 
Ireland; or 
(c) 
a bank which is, pursuant to section 9 of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, licensed to carry on 
banking business in Ireland and which is carrying on a bona fide banking business in Ireland for the 
purposes of section 246(3)(a) TCA and whose registered office is located in Ireland; or 
(d) 
a company that is incorporated in the U.S. and subject to tax in the U.S. on its worldwide income except 
where interest is paid under any Bonds to the U.S. company in connection with a trade or business which 
is carried on in Ireland by it through a branch or agency; or 
(e) 
a U.S. limited liability company ("LLC"), where the ultimate recipients of the interest payable under the 
Bonds are Qualifying Holders within paragraphs (d) or (f) of this definition and the business conducted 
through the LLC is so structured for market reasons and not for tax avoidance purposes except where 
interest is paid under any Bonds to the LLC or the ultimate recipients of the interest in connection with 
a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland through a branch or agency; or 
(f) 
a person who is resident for tax purposes in a Relevant Territory under the laws of that territory except 
where such person is a body corporate, such interest is paid to the body corporate in connection with a 
trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by it through a branch or agency; or 
(g) 
a qualifying company within the meaning of section 110 TCA and whose registered office is located in 
Ireland; or 
(h) 
an exempt approved scheme within the meaning of section 774 TCA and whose registered office is 
located in Ireland; or 
(i) 
an investment undertaking within the meaning of section 739B TCA and whose registered office is 
located in Ireland; or 
(j) 
a body corporate:  
(i) 
which advances money in the ordinary course of a trade which includes the lending of money 
and whose registered office is located in Ireland; and 
(ii) 
in whose hands any interest payable in respect of moneys so advanced is taken into account in 
computing the trading income of such body corporate; and

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
(iii) 
which has made the appropriate notifications under section 246(5)(a) TCA to the Office of the 
Revenue Commissioners of Ireland and the Issuer; or 
(k) 
a Treaty Holder. 
“Relevant Territory” means: (a) a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland); or (b) not being 
such a member state, a country with which Ireland has a Treaty in force by virtue of section 826(1) TCA. 
“TCA” means the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland, as amended; 
“Treaty Holder” means a Bondholder of a Series of Bonds which: 
(a) 
is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of the Treaty; 
(b) 
does not carry on a business in Ireland through a permanent establishment with which that Bondholder’s 
participation in that Series of Bonds is effectively connected; and 
(c) 
fulfils all conditions which must be fulfilled under the Treaty for residents of such Treaty State to obtain 
exemption from taxation imposed by Ireland on interest, except that for this purpose it is assumed that 
there are fulfilled: 
(i) 
any condition contained in the Treaty which relates to the amount or terms of that advance or to 
there being a special relationship between the Issuer and such holder or between both of them 
and another person by reason of which the amount of interest paid exceeds the amount which 
would have been paid in the absence of such relationship; and 
(ii) 
any necessary procedural formalities. 
“Treaty State” means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a "Treaty") with Ireland which makes 
provision for full exemption from tax imposed by Ireland on interest. 
11 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Bonds, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
12 Issuer Events of Default 
The following will constitute events of default by the Issuer under the Bonds, as are set out in Schedule 3 (Issuer 
Events of Default) to the Issuer STID: 
(a) 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Issuer Finance Documents 
in the manner required under such documents unless: (a) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or 
technical error or a Disruption Event; and (b) payment is made within three Business Days of the due 
date; or  
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the Authorised 
Issuer Debt Agreement which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Issuer Security 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Issuer Security Trustee remedied within 20 
Business Days after notice of such default has been given to the Issuer by the Issuer Security Trustee; or

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
(c) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any default, event of default or the like 
(howsoever described); or 
(d) 
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace 
period; or 
(e) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future indemnity in 
respect of any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned in 
paragraphs (c) and (d) above have occurred which equals or exceeds EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer Security Trustee); or 
(f) 
the Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay 
its debts, stops or suspends payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, or any analogous proceeding 
in any jurisdiction; or 
(g) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, or the 
Issuer ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, or any analogous 
proceedings in any jurisdiction, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Issuer Secured Creditors; or 
(h) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order to: 
(i) 
enable it to lawfully enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations 
under the Issuer Finance Documents;  
(ii) 
ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and 
(iii) 
make the Issuer Finance Document admissible in evidence in the courts of England, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under any Issuer Finance Document or any obligation under the Issuer Finance Document ceasing to be 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable and any security interest ceasing to be legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable or effective, 
each an “Issuer Event of Default” or together, the “Issuer Events of Default”. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Issuer will immediately 
notify the Issuer Security Trustee of that occurrence and of any steps being taken to remedy the same. 
During an Enforcement Period, the whole of the Issuer Security shall become enforceable by the Issuer Security 
Trustee in accordance with the Issuer STID.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Upon the service of an Acceleration Notice by the Issuer Security Trustee in accordance with the Issuer STID, 
the Bond Trustee at its discretion may or if so requested by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount 
of the Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding or if so directed by Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject 
in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all actions, 
proceedings, claims, liabilities and demands to which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, 
damages and expenses which it may incur by so doing), and without further notice take such proceedings or 
other steps as it may think fit against the Issuer and enforce repayment of the Bonds at their Early Redemption 
Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default will not constitute an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
13 Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meeting and Voting of Bondholders: 
If the procedures of the relevant clearing systems through which the Bonds are cleared and/or relevant 
applicable laws and/or regulations permit the use of direct voting mechanics (as described below), no 
physical meetings will be required in respect of any Voting Matter and a Bondholder may only Vote in 
respect of any Voting Matter by means of a Block Voting Instruction. However, the Bond Trustee may, 
without the consent of the Issuer or the Bondholders, prescribe such further regulations regarding voting 
by the Bondholders in respect of all Voting Matters except STID Proposals (as defined below) as the 
Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion think fit, including the calling of one or more meetings of 
Bondholders in order to approve any resolution to be put to the Bondholders where the Bond Trustee, in 
its sole discretion, considers it to be appropriate to hold a meeting. 
In respect of any Issuer STID Proposal or Borrower STID Proposal or Notice (each, a “STID Proposal”) 
and in accordance with the Trust Deed: 
(i) 
each Bondholder may only vote on such STID Proposal by Electronic Consent or by having its 
Vote included in a Block Voting Instruction and each Bondholder shall have one Vote in respect 
of each €1 (or its equivalent expressed in Euro on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of Bonds held or represented by it; 
(ii) 
provided Electronic Consent is not applicable, each Bondholder must vote on or prior to the time 
specified by the Issuing and Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar and/or relevant 
clearing system in order to enable the Issuing and Paying Agent or, as the case may be, a Paying 
Agent or the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction on the Voting Date, provided that if a 
Bondholder does not vote in sufficient time to allow the Issuing and Paying Agent, or, as the case 
may be, a Paying Agent or the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of its Bonds 
prior to the end of the Voting Period, the Votes of such Bondholder may not be counted; 
(iii) 
in respect of such STID Proposal, the Bond Trustee shall vote as the Issuer Secured Creditor 
Representative of the Bondholders in respect of each Tranche of Bonds then outstanding by 
notifying the Issuer Security Trustee and the Issuer, in accordance with the Issuer STID promptly 
following the receipt by it of such Votes (and in any case not later than the Business Day following 
receipt of each such Vote), of each Vote comprised in a Block Voting Instruction received by it 
from a Paying Agent or the Registrar on or prior to the Voting Date (or, if earlier the relevant 
Voting Closure Date); and

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(iv) 
any such Issuer STID Proposal duly approved by the Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors in 
accordance with the Issuer STID or Borrower STID Proposal or Notice duly approved by the 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors in accordance with the Borrower STID, as the case may 
be, shall be binding on all Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders (subject as provided 
in the Issuer STID). The Issuer shall, following receipt by the Issuer of the result of any vote in 
respect of such STID Proposal, promptly notify the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices). 
In respect of: (a) an Issuer STID Proposal that gives rise to an Entrenched Right in respect of which the 
Bondholders are an Affected Issuer Secured Creditor (an “Entrenched Right Issuer STID Proposal”); 
(b) a Borrower STID Proposal or Notice that gives rise to an Entrenched Right (as defined in the 
Borrower STID) in respect of which the Issuer is an Affected Borrower Secured Creditor (an 
“Entrenched Right Borrower STID Proposal” and, together with an Entrenched Right Issuer STID 
Proposal, an “Entrenched Right STID Proposal”); and (c) any Voting Matter which is not a STID 
Proposal (an “Other Voting Matter”): 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Bond Trustee may at any time, and the Bond Trustee must, subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, if (a) it receives an Entrenched 
Right STID Proposal; or (b) directed to do so by Bondholders representing not less than 10 per 
cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Bonds, request that such Voting Matter be 
considered by the Bondholders. The Issuer or the Bond Trustee shall send a notice (a “Voting 
Notice”) to the Bondholders of each affected Tranche of Bonds, specifying the Voting Date 
(which shall initially be set with at least 21 clear days’ notice) and Voting Matter(s) including the 
terms of any resolution to be proposed; 
(ii) 
each Bondholder shall have one Vote in respect of each €1 (or its equivalent expressed in Euro 
on the basis of the Exchange Rate) of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Bonds held or 
represented by it; 
(iii) 
each Bondholder must vote prior to the close of business (London time) 48 hours prior to the 
Voting Date so that his Votes can be included in a Block Voting Instruction which needs to be 
deposited at least 24 hours before the Voting Date; and 
(iv) 
on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the last day of the Decision Period, the 
Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee in writing of whether or not 
the holders of each affected Tranche of Bonds then outstanding have passed an Extraordinary 
Resolution approving the relevant Entrenched Right STID Proposal. 
In order for an Extraordinary Resolution to be approved by the Bondholders (subject as provided below), 
two or more Bondholders representing 50 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Bonds for the time being outstanding, who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of an Other Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote, provided that in respect of any 
Voting Matter the business of which includes any of the following matters (each of which, a “Basic 
Terms Modification” and which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Bonds, any Instalment Date or any date for 
payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Bonds;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
(ii) 
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable 
on redemption of, the Bonds; 
(iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Bonds or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount 
in respect of the Bonds; 
(iv) 
if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum; 
(v) 
to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating 
the Amortised Face Amount; 
(vi) 
to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Bonds; 
(vii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Bondholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(viii) any modification to this definition, 
two or more Bondholders representing 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Bonds for the time being outstanding, who, for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of such an Other Voting Matter, need to participate in any initial Vote. 
The above percentage requirements of Bondholders who need to participate in a particular Other Voting 
Matter are referred to herein as the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements. 
If, on a Voting Date, the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements are not satisfied for the transaction of any 
particular business then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements are satisfied, such Voting Date shall be postponed to the 
same day in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) (an 
“Adjourned Voting Date”) except where an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case 
the Adjourned Voting Date shall be a day (being a business day) during the period, being not less than 
seven clear days nor more than 14 clear days, subsequent to such Voting Date, and approved by the Bond 
Trustee. On any Adjourned Voting Date, one or more Votes (whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Bonds then outstanding so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a 
quorum and shall have the power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution and to 
decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with through the original Vote had the 
requisite Extraordinary Quorum Requirements been met, provided that on any Adjourned Voting Date 
the Extraordinary Quorum Requirements for the transaction of business comprising any of the matters 
specified to be a Basic Terms Modification shall be two or more Bondholders representing at least 25 
per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Bonds for the time being outstanding, 
who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of an Other Voting Matter, need to participate in 
such Vote. 
Notice of any Adjourned Voting Date at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be voted upon shall be 
given in the same manner as a Voting Notice but as if five days’ notice were substituted for 21 clear days’ 
notice discussed above (in respect of an Other Voting Matter) and such notice shall state the relevant 
quorum.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Any resolution approved by the Bondholders in accordance with the terms hereof shall be binding upon 
all the Bondholders whether or not voting and upon all relevant Couponholders and each of them shall 
be bound to give effect thereto accordingly and the approval of any such resolution shall be conclusive 
evidence that the circumstances justify the approval thereof. Notice of the result of the voting on any 
resolution duly approved by the Bondholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, on behalf of, and at the 
instruction of, the Issuer within seven days of such result being known, provided that the non-publication 
of such notice shall not invalidate such result. 
If and whenever the Issuer has issued and has outstanding more than one Tranche of Bonds the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 13 shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee affects only one Tranche of Bonds shall be 
deemed to have been duly approved if approved through a separate Vote of the holders of that 
Tranche of Bonds; 
(ii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee affects holders of more than one Tranche 
of Bonds but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of any of the Tranches 
of Bonds so affected shall be deemed to have been duly approved if approved through a separate 
Vote of the holders of all the Tranches of the Bonds so affected; 
(iii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee affects more than one Tranche of Bonds 
and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of one Tranche of Bonds 
so affected and the holders of another Tranche of Bonds shall be deemed to have been duly 
approved only if approved through separate Votes of the holders of each Tranche of Bonds; 
(iv) 
in respect of all such approvals all the preceding provisions of this Condition 13 shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as though references therein to Bonds and Bondholders were references to the 
Tranche of Bonds in question or to the holders of such Tranche of Bonds, as the case may be; 
(v) 
no Extraordinary Resolution involving a Basic Terms Modification (other than where such Basic 
Terms Modification is of the kind specified in limb (i) of the definition thereof and where such 
Basic Terms Modification is passed by the holders of all affected Tranches of Bonds in 
accordance with (vi)) that is approved by the holders of one Tranche of Bonds shall be effective 
unless it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each of the other Tranches 
of Bonds (to the extent that there are Bonds outstanding in each such other Tranche); and 
(vi) 
an Extraordinary Resolution involving a Basic Terms Modification of the kind specified in limb 
(i) of the definition thereof may be approved by the holders of all Tranches of Bonds adversely 
affected by such Basic Terms Modification (but need not be approved by the holders of Tranches 
of Bonds which are not affected thereby). 
At any time, the Bondholders holding all of the Bonds of any Series (the “Appointing Bondholders”) 
may (provided that such Bondholders establish their holding to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee 
(including, without limitation, by blocking their holdings in the relevant Clearing System)), by notice to 
the Bond Trustee designate a representative (a “Bondholder Representative”) to exercise all the rights 
of the Appointing Bondholders to attend and vote at any meeting of the Bondholders or to vote on any 
Voting Matter (the “Representative Rights”). Such notice (an “Appointing Notice”) must: (i) set out 
the identity and contact details of the Bondholder Representative; and (ii) be signed by the Appointing

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
Bondholders and the Bondholder Representative. Alternatively, the Final Terms in respect of the 
Bondholders of a particular Series may specify the identity and contact details of the Bondholder 
Representative in respect of the Bonds of such Series.  
The appointment of a Bondholder Representative may be terminated by notice to the Bond Trustee by 
Bondholders holding at least 25% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Bonds of the relevant Series 
(provided that such Bondholders establish their holding to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee 
(including, without limitation, by blocking their holdings in the relevant Clearing System)). Following 
such termination, Bondholders holding at least 75% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Bonds of 
the relevant Series may (provided that such Bondholders establish their holding to the satisfaction of the 
Bond Trustee (including, without limitation, by blocking their holdings in the relevant Clearing System)) 
by notice to the Bond Trustee (such notice to contain the same information as an Appointing Notice 
mutatis mutandis) appoint a replacement Bondholder Representative in respect of such Series. Any such 
replacement Bondholder Representative shall be entitled to exercise the Representative Rights of the 
Bondholders holding all of the Bonds of the relevant Series. 
For so long as a Bondholder Representative is appointed, the Bond Trustee shall rely on written 
instructions provided by the Bondholder Representative as to the exercise the Representative Rights of 
the Bondholders holding all of the Bonds of the relevant Series. The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on a notice appointing a Bondholder Representative without further enquiry until it receives notice 
of the termination of the appointment of such Bondholder Representative in accordance with this 
Condition 13(a). 
(b) 
Modification, waiver and substitution: 
As set out in the Trust Deed and the Issuer STID (and subject to the conditions and qualifications 
therein), the Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders or (subject as provided below) 
any other Issuer Secured Creditor, concur with the Issuer or any other relevant parties in making (i) any 
modification to the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Issuer 
Finance Documents if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee such modification is made to correct a manifest 
error or is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (ii) any modification (other than in respect of a Basic 
Terms Modification) to the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or any 
Issuer Finance Document if the Bond Trustee is of the opinion that such modification is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Bonds then outstanding provided that to the extent such 
modification under (ii) above relates to an Entrenched Right, each of the Affected Issuer Secured 
Creditors has given its prior written consent or where any Bondholders are Affected Issuer Secured 
Creditors, the holders of each Tranche of Bonds affected thereby have sanctioned such modification. 
The Bond Trustee is authorised to execute and deliver on behalf of the Bondholders all documentation 
required to implement such modification and such execution by the Bond Trustee shall bind each of the 
Bondholders as if such documentation had been duly executed by it. 
As more fully set out in the Trust Deed and the Issuer STID (and subject to the conditions and 
qualifications therein), the Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders (subject as 
provided below) or any other Issuer Secured Creditor and without prejudice to its rights in respect of 
any subsequent breach or Issuer Event of Default, from time to time and at any time but only if and 
insofar as in its opinion the interests of the holders of the Bonds then outstanding will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
covenants or provisions contained in the Conditions or any Issuer Finance Document (subject always as 
provided in the Issuer STID) or other document to which the Bond Trustee is a party or in respect of 
which it holds security or determine that any event which would otherwise constitute an Issuer Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Trust Deed, provided that to the extent such 
event, matter or thing relates to an Entrenched Right, each of the Affected Issuer Secured Creditors has 
given its prior written consent and provided further that the Bond Trustee shall not exercise such powers 
in contravention of any express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution or of a request in writing 
made by holders of not less than one-quarter in aggregate of the principal amount of the Bonds then 
outstanding (but no such direction or request shall affect any waiver or authorisation previously given 
or made) or so as to authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to any Basic Terms 
Modification. 
As more fully set forth in the Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications therein), the 
Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders or any other Secured Creditor, also agree 
with the Issuer to the substitution of another corporation, being a holding company of the Issuer, any 
Subsidiary of such holding company or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, in place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor in respect of the Trust Deed and the Bonds. 
13A. Additional Right of Modification 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 13 (Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution), the Bond Trustee shall be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders, or, subject 
to Condition 13A.6.3 below, any of the other Issuer Secured Creditors, to concur with the Issuer in making any 
modification (other than in respect of a Basic Terms Modification) to the Conditions or any Issuer Finance 
Document to which it is a party or in relation to which it holds security that the Issuer considers necessary: 
13A.1 for the purpose of complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change in the criteria of one or 
more of the Rating Agencies which may be applicable from time to time, provided that: 
13A.1.1 the Issuer certifies in writing to the Bond Trustee that such modification is necessary to comply 
with such criteria or, as the case may be, is solely to implement and reflect such criteria; and 
13A.1.2 in the case of any modification to an Issuer Finance Document proposed by any of the Issuer 
Account Bank, the Issuer Cash Manager or any Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider in order: (x) to 
remain eligible to perform its role in such capacity in conformity with such criteria; and/or (y) to 
avoid taking action which it would otherwise be required to take to enable it to continue 
performing such role (including, without limitation, posting collateral or advancing funds): 
(a) 
the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Cash Manager or the relevant Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Provider, as the case may be, certifies in writing to the Issuer or the Bond 
Trustee that such modification is necessary for the purposes described in Condition 
13A.1.2 (x) and/or (y) above (and in the case of a certification provided to the Issuer, 
the Issuer shall certify to the Bond Trustee that it has received the same from the Issuer 
Account Bank, the Issuer Cash Manager or the relevant Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Provider, as the case may be); and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
the Issuer Account Bank, the Issuer Cash Manager or the relevant Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Provider, as the case may be, obtains from each of the Rating Agencies

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
written confirmation (or certifies in writing to the Issuer and the Bond Trustee that 
it has been unable to obtain written confirmation, but has received oral 
confirmation from an appropriately authorised person at each of the Rating 
Agencies) that such modification would not result in a downgrade, withdrawal or 
suspension of the then current ratings assigned to any Series or Tranche of the 
Bonds by such Rating Agency and would not result in any Rating Agency placing 
any Bonds on rating watch negative (or equivalent) and, if relevant, delivers a copy 
of each such confirmation to the Issuer and the Bond Trustee; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Bond Trustee that the Rating Agencies have 
been informed of the proposed modification and none of the Rating Agencies has 
indicated that such modification would result in: (x) a downgrade, withdrawal or 
suspension of the then current ratings assigned to any Series or Tranche of the 
Bonds by such Rating Agency; or (y) such Rating Agency placing any Bonds on 
rating watch negative (or equivalent); and 
(iii) 
the party requesting such modification pays all costs and expenses (including legal 
fees) incurred by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee in connection with such 
modification; 
13A.2 for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements of Article 405 of the CRR, Article 
17 of the AIFMD, Article 51 of the AIFMR or Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
added by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, after 
the Issue Date, including as a result of the adoption of Regulatory Technical Standards in relation to the 
CRR or the AIFMR or any other risk retention legislation or regulations or official guidance in relation 
thereto, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
13A.3 for the purpose of enabling the Bonds to be (or to remain) listed on the relevant Stock Exchange, 
provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification is required solely 
for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
13A.4 for the purposes of enabling the Issuer or any of the other parties to comply with FATCA (or any 
voluntary agreement entered into with a taxing authority in relation thereto), provided that the Issuer or 
the relevant party, as applicable, certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
13A.5 for the purposes of enabling the Issuer to comply with the provisions of Rule 17g-5 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that 
such modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
13A.6 for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements of the Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation after the Closing Date, including as a result of the adoption of Regulatory Technical 
Standards in relation to the Credit Rating Agencies Regulation or regulations or official guidance in 
relation thereto, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Bond Trustee in writing that such modification 
is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect, 
(the certificate to be provided by the Issuer or the relevant party, as the case may be, pursuant to 
Conditions 13A.1 to 13A.6 above being a “Modification Certificate”), provided that:

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
13A.6.1 at least 30 calendar days’ prior written notice of any such proposed modification has been given 
to the Bond Trustee; 
13A.6.2 the Modification Certificate in relation to such modification shall be provided to the Bond Trustee 
both at the time the Bond Trustee is notified of the proposed modification and on the date that 
such modification takes effect; and 
13A.6.3 the consent of each Issuer Secured Creditor which has a right to consent to such modification 
pursuant to the provisions of the Issuer STID has been obtained, 
and provided further that: 
13A.7 other than in the case of a modification pursuant to Condition 13A.1.2(b), either: 
(a) 
the Issuer obtains from each of the Rating Agencies written confirmation (or certifies in the 
Modification Certificate that it has been unable to obtain written confirmation, but has received 
oral confirmation from an appropriately authorised person at each of the Rating Agencies) that 
such modification would not result in: (x) a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then 
current ratings assigned to any Tranche of the Bonds by such Rating Agency; or (y) such Rating 
Agency placing any Bonds on rating watch negative (or equivalent); or 
(b) 
the Issuer certifies in the Modification Certificate that it has informed the Rating Agencies of the 
proposed modification and none of the Rating Agencies has indicated that such modification 
would result in: (x) a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned 
to any Tranche of the Bonds by such Rating Agency; or (y) such Rating Agency placing any 
Bonds on rating watch negative (or equivalent); and 
13A.8 (I) the Issuer has provided at least 30 calendar days’ notice to the Bondholders of each Tranche of Bonds 
of the proposed modification in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and by publication on 
Bloomberg on the “Company News” screen relating to the Bonds; and (II) Bondholders representing at 
least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the most senior Tranche of Bonds 
then outstanding have not contacted the Bond Trustee in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the 
then current practice of any applicable clearing system through which such Bonds may be held) within 
such notification period notifying the Bond Trustee that such Bondholders do not consent to the 
modification. 
13A.8.1 
If Bondholders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of any Tranche of Bonds then outstanding have notified the Bond Trustee in writing (or otherwise in 
accordance with the then current practice of any applicable clearing system through which such Bonds 
may be held) within the notification period referred to above that they do not consent to the modification, 
then such modification will not be made unless an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders of any 
Tranche of Bonds then outstanding is passed in favour of such modification in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
13A.8.2 
Objections made in writing other than through the applicable clearing system must be 
accompanied by evidence to the Bond Trustee’s satisfaction (having regard to prevailing market 
practices) of the relevant Bondholder’s holding of the Bonds. 
Other than where specifically provided in this Condition 13A (Additional Right of Modification) or any 
Issuer Finance Document:

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
13A.9 when implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 13A (Additional Right of Modification) 
(save to the extent the Bond Trustee considers that the proposed modification would constitute a Basic 
Terms Modification), the Bond Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Bondholders, any other 
Issuer Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely and without further investigation 
on any certificate or evidence provided to it by the Issuer or the relevant party, as the case may be, 
pursuant to this Condition 13A (Additional Right of Modification) and shall not be liable to the 
Bondholders, any other Issuer Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, irrespective 
of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; 
and 
13A.10 the Bond Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Bond 
Trustee would have the effect of: (i) exposing the Bond Trustee to any liability against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction; or (ii) increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Bond Trustee in the Issuer Finance Documents 
and/or the Conditions. 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Bondholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as soon 
as reasonably practicable to: 
13A.10.1 
so long as any of the Bonds rated by the Rating Agencies remains outstanding, each Rating 
Agency; 
13A.10.2 
the Issuer Secured Creditors; and 
13A.10.3 
the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
14 Enforcement 
No Bondholder, Receiptholder, Couponholder or other Issuer Secured Creditor is entitled to take any action 
against the Issuer or against any assets of the Issuer to enforce its rights in respect of the Bonds or to enforce 
any of the Security unless the Issuer Security Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or neglects to 
do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing. The Issuer Security Trustee shall, 
subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all fees, costs, 
expenses, liabilities, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so 
doing: (a) at its discretion; or (b) upon being so directed by the Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors in 
accordance with the Issuer STID, enforce the Security in accordance with the Issuer STID and the Issuer 
Security Documents. 
None of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Bondholders, the Receiptholders, the Couponholders 
or the other Issuer Secured Creditors may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer 
any bankruptcy, winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except for the 
taking of any enforcement action under the Issuer STID including the appointment of a Receiver pursuant to 
the terms of the Issuer Security Documents and Issuer STID) or other proceeding under any similar law for so 
long as any Bonds are outstanding or otherwise than in accordance with the Issuer STID. 
15 Indemnification of the Bond Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Bond Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Bond Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity 
related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
The Bond Trustee may rely without liability to Bondholders or Couponholders or any other person on a report, 
confirmation or certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other 
expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by 
any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Bond Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to 
a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Bond Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any 
such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall be 
binding on the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders. 
16 Replacement of Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Bond, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Bonds, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Bondholders, in each case, on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Bond, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons, Talons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Bonds, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders, create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest on them, the issue date, the issue price, the initial ISIN applied to them and the first 
Interest Accrual Period) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with an 
outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Bonds include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 17 and forming a single series with the Bonds. 
18 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Bonds shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Bonds shall be valid if published in a leading, English 
language, newspaper published daily in Dublin (which is expected to be The Irish Times). If in the opinion of 
the Bond Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading, English language, newspaper published daily with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Receiptholders and Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Bonds in accordance with this Condition 18 (Notices). 
19 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Bonds under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
20 Limited Recourse and Non-petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse: If, or to the extent that, after the Issuer Security has been as fully as practicable 
realised and the proceeds thereof have been applied in accordance with the applicable Issuer Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments the amounts recovered on realisation of the relevant Issuer Security 
are insufficient to pay or discharge amounts due from the Issuer to the Bondholders, Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders in full for any reason, the Issuer will have no liability to pay or otherwise make good 
any such insufficiency. 
(b) 
In addition, no Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall have any recourse against any director, 
shareholder or officer of the Issuer in respect of any obligations, covenants or agreements entered into 
or made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of these Conditions or any other Issuer Finance Document 
to which the Issuer is a party or any notice or documents which it is requested to deliver hereunder or 
thereunder. 
(c) 
Non-petition: No Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may take any corporate action or other 
steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, dissolution, arrangement, reconstruction or reorganisation 
of the Issuer or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, 
examiner, trustee, manager or similar officer in respect of the Issuer or over any or all of its assets or 
undertaking. If the Bond Trustee has become bound to act, but has failed to do so, then the Bondholders 
may take such steps to enforce as they are entitled to (in accordance with the Issuer STID). 
21 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Issuer STID, the IBLA, the Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes (whether contractual 
or non-contractual) that may arise out of or in connection with any Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Bonds, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust 
Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
22 Issuer STID 
Each Bondholder, as an Issuer Secured Creditor, will be subject to the terms of, and will receive the benefit of, 
the Issuer STID as if each Bondholder were a party to the Issuer STID. The Bond Trustee is the Secured Creditor 
Representative on behalf of each Bondholder and will represent the interests of the Bondholders in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Issuer STID.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
CHAPTER 11 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal)

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds 
(a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Transmission Finance DAC 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300X8ZBHYD3ZZIP60 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Bonds] 
under the €10,000,000,000 Multicurrency Bond Programme 
The Bonds will only be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, which is an EEA regulated market (as defined in 
MiFID II), to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not 
be offered or sold to non-qualified investors. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]]which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all of the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
 [Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) contained in the Trust Deed dated 29 January 2016 and set forth in the Prospectus dated [29 
January 2016] / [13 June 2017] / [ 7 June 2018] / [31 May 2019] / [29 May 2020] / [28 May 2021] / [25 May 
2022] / [[●] 2023] [and supplements to it dated [7 April 2016] / [14 June 2016] / [6 October 2017] (approved 
pursuant to Directive 2003/71/EC) which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [●]2023. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated [●] 2023 
[and the base prospectus supplement dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, (the “[Base] Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant information, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [●] [and the supplement(s) to 
it dated [●]].The [Base] Prospectus [, the supplement(s) dated [●]] [and the Final Terms] [has/have] been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and [is/are] available for viewing 
during normal business hours at 32 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland (being the registered office of the 
Issuer).]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
1 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Transmission Finance DAC 
2 
 
(ii) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Date on which the Bonds 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Bonds shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [●/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Bond for interests in the Permanent 
Global Bond, as referred to in paragraph 20 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [●]]].] 
3 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Bonds in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Commencement Date 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
6 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
7 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[1/2/3/6] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
8 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
9 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [●] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [●], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14] below applies]/[Not Applicable] 
10 
 
Call Option: 
[Call Option]/[Residual Call] 
[Not Applicable] [see paragraph [16]/[17] below for 
further details]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
11 
 
[(i)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Bonds obtained: 
[●] 
 
12 
 
IBLA Maturity Date: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 (Fixed)][Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360][30/360][360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) [Determination Date[s]: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(vii) [Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Step-up/Step-down Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum]] 
14 
 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]  
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
[Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[1/2/3/6] month [EURIBOR]] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) [Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][● ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360][30/360][360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360][ 
Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvi) [Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[– Step-up/Step-down Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum]] 
 
(xvii) 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
15 
 
Index-Linked Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[Finnish Consumer Price Index] 
 
(ii) Base Index Figure: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[1/2/3/6] month [EURIBOR] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Duration (if other than 
the relevant Interest Period): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) Index Figure applicable: 
[As determined in accordance with Condition 7(a) 
(Definitions); [3/8] months lag applies]  
 
(vi) Interest Rate: 
[[•] per cent. (as adjusted for indexation in accordance 
with Condition 7 (Indexation))]/[Fixed, calculated in 
accordance with paragraph 13 above]/[Floating, 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 14 above]] 
 
(vii) Representative Amount: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest, Interest Amount and 
Redemption Amount(s) (if not 
the Agent Bank): 
[Not Applicable/Calculation Agent] 
 
(x) Provisions for determining 
Interest in the event of changes 
in disruptions, cessation of or 
fundamental changes to the 
lender: 
Applicable – Conditions 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances 
Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or 
Fundamental Changes to the Index) 
 
(xi) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(xiv) Business Centres: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xvii) 
Limited 
Indexation 
Month(s): 
[●]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
(xviii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360 or 
360/360 or Bond Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xix) Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable in accordance with Condition 8 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options)/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Par Call Option: 
[Applicable in accordance with Condition 8(h)(i)][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Bond: 
[●] per Calculation Amount [Condition 6(f) 
(Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, 
Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts) applies]/ [Modified Redemption 
Amount]/[Make Whole Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [●]]  
 
 
 
 
[(A) Reference Bond: 
[●]] (If a Par Call Commencement Date is included, 
consider if the Reference Bond should mature on the Par 
Call Commencement Date rather than the Maturity 
Date) 
 
[(B) Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
[(C) Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.]] 
 
[(D) Determination Date:  
[●]] 
 
[(E) Reference Dealers: 
[●]] 
 
[(F) Day Count Fraction: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(v) Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
(vi) Modified 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Bond: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[Finnish Consumer Price Index]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
(ii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Redemption 
Amount (if not the Agent 
Banks): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] as Calculation Agent] 
 
(iii) Provisions for determining 
Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to 
Index: 
The Redemption Amount of each Bond shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) 
 
(iv) Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) Provisions for determining 
Redemption Amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
Applicable – Conditions 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances 
Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or 
Fundamental Changes to the Index) 
 
(vi) Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(viii) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
17 
 
Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(ii) Residual Call Redemption Date 
[[●]] 
 
(iii) Record Date 
[[●]] 
 
(iv) Notice Periods 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
18 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
19 
 
Equity Cure Prepayment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE BONDS 
20 
Form of Bonds: 
Bearer Bonds: 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Bond] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Bonds on [●] days’ notice]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Bonds in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Bond] 
 
 
Registered Bonds: 
[Regulation S Global Bond (US$/€[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
21 
New Global Bond /held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No] 
22 
Financial Centre(s): 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] 
23 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bonds (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Bonds have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made.] 
24 
Bondholder Representative: 
[Not Applicable]/[Yes. In accordance with Condition 
13(a) (Meeting and Voting of Bondholders), the 
Bondholder Representative shall be [●] and the contact 
details of the Bondholder Representative are: [●]] 
THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third-party information) has been extracted from (source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Transmission Finance DAC: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to the official list 
and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [●].] [Application will be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to 
the official list and trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].] 
 
(iii) Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Bonds of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]: 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[Fitch: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating 
provider.]

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its Affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
[Managers/Dealers] and their Affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s Affiliates. 
Certain [Managers/Dealers] or their Affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such [Managers/Dealers] and their Affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of the Bonds or whether a specified barrier or level is reached. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their Affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.]  
4 
[Fixed Rate Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]  
[(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus.)]/[The Bonds are intended to be issued 
as Green Bonds [(please see part 8 below for further 
details)]] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Names and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as a 
common safekeeper,)][include this text for registered 
bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Bonds are capable of meeting them, the Bonds may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as a common 
safekeeper,)][include this text for registered bonds]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Bonds will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iii) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3];  
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
 
(v) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)] 
 
(vi) [Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
 
 
8 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
 
(i) 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) [Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name of 
third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
 
(iii) [Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
CHAPTER 12 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
References in the Conditions of the Bonds to “Bondholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Bond or the person shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of the Registered Global 
Bond. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, as being entitled to an interest in a Global Bond or a Registered 
Global Bond (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to such Accountholder and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Bond or 
Registered Global Bond. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system (as the case may 
be) from time to time. For so long as the relevant Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global 
Bond, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the 
Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Bond or the 
registered holder of the Registered Global Bond, as the case may be. 
Amendment to Conditions 
Global Bonds will contain provisions that apply to the Bonds which they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the Conditions of the Bonds as set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
 
Meeting: The holder of a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond shall be treated as being two persons 
for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Bondholders and, at any such meeting, the 
holder of a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond shall be treated as having one Vote in respect of 
each minimum denomination of Bonds for which such Global Bond or Registered Global Bond may be 
exchanged. 
 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Bond represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond that 
is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Bond or Registered Global Bond. 
 
Notices: So long as any Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond and such 
Global Bond or Registered Global Bond is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any other relevant Clearing System, notices to the Bondholders may be given, subject always to listing 
requirements, by delivery of the relevant notice to the Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant Clearing System for communication by it to entitled Accountholders in substitution for 
publication as provided in the Conditions. Any such notice will be deemed given on the date it is 
delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other Clearing System. 
 
Payment: For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Bond, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day”.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
All payments in respect of any Bond represented by a Registered Global Bond will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business 
Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to 
Friday inclusive (except 25 December and 1 January).

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
CHAPTER 13 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Bonds by the Issuer under the Programme will be on-lent to Caruna 
Networks under the terms of the IBLA. The Issuer understands that these proceeds will be applied by Caruna 
Networks for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from a series of Green Bonds will be used to 
finance and/or refinance investments and eligible green projects (the “Eligible Green Projects”) that comply 
with the categories and criteria (the “Eligibility Criteria”) set out in the Issuer’s green finance framework, as 
published on Caruna Network’s website (https://www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation) from time to time (the 
“Green Finance Framework”). Eligible Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by 
the Issuer from time to time in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria.  
Pending allocation of the net proceeds of an issue of Green Bonds for investment in the Eligible Green Projects, 
the Issuer will hold such net proceeds, at its discretion, in the form of cash or cash equivalent investments. The 
Issuer will monitor and account for the net proceeds for investment in the Eligible Green Projects meeting the 
Eligibility Criteria. 
Caruna strives to monitor the development of the green bond market to continually advance the green terms of 
its Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance Framework may be updated from time to time to reflect 
current market practices. Any amendments to the Green Finance Framework will also be published on Caruna 
Network’s website (https://www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation). In establishing the terms in the current 
Green Finance Framework, the Issuer has sought to comply with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and current 
best market practice. 
Prior to the issuance of Green Bonds by the Issuer, the CICERO Centre for International Climate Research 
(“CICERO”) (a provider of independent reviews of green bonds) will evaluate the Green Finance Framework 
and will issue a second-party opinion on the Green Finance  Framework confirming that these align with the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles (the “Green Finance Second Opinion”) and such Green Finance Second 
Opinion is available on Caruna Network’s website (https://www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation) from time 
to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt neither the Green Finance Framework nor the Green Finance Second Opinion form, 
or be deemed to be incorporated in or form, part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
CHAPTER 14 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUER FINANCE DOCUMENTS  
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Issuer Finance Documents as described in this 
Prospectus. Investors may also view copies of certain of the Issuer Finance Documents which are summarised 
in this section on the website of Caruna Networks at www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation. 
General Overview 
The Issuer Secured Creditors all benefit from common terms under their relevant document and a common 
security package granted by the Issuer. It is a requirement of the Issuer STID that any future provider of any 
Authorised Issuer Debt must accede to and be bound by the terms of the Issuer STID and the intercreditor 
arrangements contained therein (see “Issuer Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” below).  
The Issuer STID sets out the common terms applicable to each Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement into which 
the Issuer enters. Save for certain limited exceptions (for example, U.S. representations), no Issuer Finance 
Party can have additional representations or covenants beyond the common terms deemed to be incorporated 
by reference into their Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement through their execution of, or accession to, the Issuer 
STID. All Issuer Events of Default are contained in the Issuer STID and apply to each Authorised Issuer Debt 
Agreement. 
The Issuer STID regulates among other things: (a) the claims of the Issuer Secured Creditors; (b) the exercise 
and enforcement of rights by the Issuer Secured Creditors; and (c) the giving of instructions, consents and 
waivers and, in particular, the basis on which votes of the Issuer Secured Creditors will be counted. The Issuer 
STID also regulates the process by which the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor under the Borrower STID) passes 
through Borrower STID Proposals or Notices and then collects votes from the Issuer Secured Creditors. This 
includes the Bondholders through the Bond Trustee in accordance with the procedures set out in Schedule 3 
(Provisions for Voting) to the Trust Deed. See below “Issuer Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed – 
Intercreditor Arrangements and Voting Procedures” for a brief overview.  
All agreements listed below and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
These summaries are brief and only touch in very general terms on the main provisions of the documents 
listed below. Consequently, investors are strongly recommended to obtain copies of the documents 
themselves from the address listed above.  
ISSUER SECURITY TRUST AND INTERCREDITOR DEED 
General 
Part 2 (Issuer Covenants) of Schedule 2 (Issuer Representations and Covenants) to the Issuer STID sets out the 
covenants entered into by the Issuer. Schedule 4 (Issuer Cash Management) to the Issuer STID contains 
provisions relating to cash management by the Issuer Cash Manager. The body of the Issuer STID contains the 
general provisions under which Issuer Secured Creditors’ rights are regulated. 
On each date on which any other new Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement is issued or entered into under the 
Issuer STID, the Issuer will make certain representations (the “Issuer Initial Date Representations”).

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
On each Utilisation Date and on the first day of each Interest Period, the Issuer shall repeat certain 
representations (the “Issuer Repeating Representations”). 
Covenants 
By entering into the Issuer STID, the Issuer is bound by the covenants found in Part 2 (Issuer Covenants) of 
Schedule 2 (Issuer Representations and Covenants) thereto. These covenants remain binding on the Issuer for 
so long as any of the Issuer Secured Debt remains outstanding. 
In addition to the Issuer Covenants, the Issuer has further agreed that any other information, including that set 
out in Part 2 (Information covenants) of Schedule 2 (Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the Borrower 
Common Terms Agreement, to which the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor is entitled thereunder, shall be supplied 
or disclosed to each Issuer Secured Creditor (or each Issuer Secured Creditor Representative, as applicable) 
within five Business Days upon receipt of such information. 
The Issuer Covenants are positive, negative, informational and financial in nature. They include undertakings 
by the Issuer that it shall: 
(a) 
provide the Issuer Secured Creditors or Issuer Secured Creditor Representative, as applicable, any other 
information to which the Issuer as the IBLA Creditor is entitled thereunder, within five Business Days 
upon receipt of such information, and all other information that the Issuer is entitled to or receives in its 
capacity as the IBLA Creditor under the Borrower STID, within a reasonable time; 
(b) 
at all times carry on and conduct its affairs in its own name; 
(c) 
keep proper separate books of account, records and financial statements and allow the Bond Trustee and 
any person appointed by the Bond Trustee to whom the Issuer has no reasonable objection free access 
to such books of account, records and financial statements at all reasonable times during normal business 
hours; 
(d) 
prevent the commingling of its own assets with assets belonging to another; 
(e) 
pay its liabilities out of its own funds (or funds it is otherwise permitted to obtain); 
(f) 
maintain an arm’s length relationship with any other entities; 
(g) 
use reasonable endeavours to correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity of 
which it is aware; 
(h) 
shall maintain an arm’s length relationship with any other entities; 
(i) 
use its own stationery, invoices and cheques; 
(j) 
not sell, convey, transfer, lease, assign or otherwise dispose of or agree or attempt or purport to sell, 
convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of or use, invest or otherwise deal with any of its properties, 
assets or undertaking or grant any option or right to acquire the same save as otherwise permitted by the 
Issuer STID; 
(k) 
not merge or legally consolidate; 
(l) 
not grant, create or permit to subsist any security interests (unless by operation of law) over its assets or 
undertakings, present or future, other than pursuant to the Issuer Security Documents; 
(m) 
not pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders;

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
(n) 
not incur or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness save as permitted by the Issuer Finance 
Documents; 
(o) 
not acquire any leasehold, freehold or heritable property; 
(p) 
not have any employees or premises or have any subsidiary undertaking; 
(q) 
subject to the Reservations, not permit any of the Issuer Finance Documents to become invalid and not 
to vary or waive any term save as permitted by the Issuer Finance Documents and not enter into any 
documents which are not Issuer Finance Documents, the Dealer Agreement, or any subscription 
agreement or any contract or letter contemplated by such documents; 
(r) 
not engage in any activity which is not incidental to or necessary in connection with any other activities 
in which the Issuer Finance Documents provide or envisage that the Issuer will engage; 
(s) 
use reasonable endeavours to maintain a credit rating from at least one Rating Agency for the Bonds and 
the PP Notes and co-operate with the relevant Rating Agency(ies) in connection with any reasonable 
request for information in respect of the maintenance of a rating; 
(t) 
not issue any Bonds or enter into any loans or other transactions on terms that would result in the Bonds 
being considered “ownership interests” in a “covered fund” under the Volcker Rule; 
(u) 
not have any exposure to interest rate risk or currency risk, and shall on-lend all proceeds in the same 
currency and at the same rate as it receives funds; 
(v) 
not do anything to change the location of its centre of main interests, for the purposes of the Recast 
Insolvency Regulation, where that change would be reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the 
interests of the Issuer Secured Creditors; 
(w) 
at all times retain internationally reputable auditors such as the Issuer Auditors, and, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, inform the Borrower, the Bond arrangers and the Dealers of any change to the 
Issuer Auditors; 
(x) 
not to change its accounting reference date from 31 December (unless changed in accordance with the 
terms of the Issuer STID); 
(y) 
promptly do all such acts or execute all such documents (including assignments, transfers, mortgages, 
charges, notices and instructions) as the Issuer Security Trustee or Bond Trustee may reasonably specify 
(and in such form as the Issuer Security Trustee or Bond Trustee may reasonably require in favour of the 
Issuer Security Trustee or any of its nominees) to perfect the security interest created or intended to be 
created under or evidenced by the Issuer Finance Documents (which may include the execution of a 
mortgage, charge, assignment or other security interest over all or any of the assets which are, or are 
intended to be, the subject of any Issuer Security Document) or for the exercise of any rights, powers 
and remedies of the Issuer Security Trustee or the Issuer Secured Creditors provided by or pursuant to 
the Issuer Finance Documents or by law; 
(z) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Bonds are to be listed on a relevant Stock Exchange, use its 
reasonable endeavours to maintain the quotation or listing on the relevant Stock Exchange of those of 
the Bonds which are quoted or listed on the relevant Stock Exchange or, if it is unable to do so having 
used its reasonable endeavours or if the Bond Trustee agrees that the maintenance of such listings is 
unduly onerous, use its reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain a quotation or listing of the Bonds

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
on such other stock exchange or exchanges or securities market or markets as the Issuer may (with the 
prior written approval of the Bond Trustee) decide and also upon obtaining a quotation or listing of such 
Bonds issued by it on such other stock exchange or exchanges or securities market or markets enter into 
a trust deed supplemental to the Trust Deed and/or a supplemental agency agreement, in each case, as 
required to effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement as the 
Bond Trustee may require or as shall be requisite to comply with the requirements of any such stock 
exchange or securities market; 
(aa) 
use its reasonable endeavours to procure that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg issue(s) any 
record, certificate or other document requested by the Bond Trustee under the Trust Deed or otherwise 
as soon as practicable after such request; 
(bb) 
ensure that any unsecured and unsubordinated claims of a secured creditor against it under the Issuer 
Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated 
creditors except those creditors whose claims are mandatorily preferred by law; 
(cc) 
promptly: 
(i) 
obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect, any material 
authorisation required under any law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to: (x) enable it to 
perform its obligations under the Issuer Finance Documents; and (y) ensure, subject to the 
Reservations, the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Issuer 
Finance Document; 
(ii) 
obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect, any material 
authorisation required under any law or regulation of a Relevant Jurisdiction to carry on its 
business; and 
(iii) 
supply certified copies of any such material authorisation to the Issuer Security Trustee upon 
request, 
where failure to do so would have or would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(dd) 
comply in all respects with all laws to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply has or is reasonably 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(ee) 
pay and discharge all Taxes imposed upon it or its assets within the time period allowed without incurring 
penalties unless and only to the extent that: 
(i) 
such payment is contested in good faith; 
(ii) 
adequate reserves are being maintained for those Taxes and the costs required to contest them 
which have been disclosed in its latest financial statements delivered to the Issuer Security 
Trustee; and 
(iii) 
such payment can be lawfully withheld and failure to pay those Taxes does not have or is not 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(ff) 
not change its residence for Tax purposes; 
(gg) 
carry on no other activities other than the business of holding, managing or both the holding and 
managing of qualifying assets within the meaning of section 110 of the TCA;

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
(hh) 
make, or ensure that there is made, a notification to the Revenue Commissioners within the time and in 
the manner prescribed by paragraph (f) of the definition of “qualifying company” in section 110(l) of 
the TCA; 
(ii) 
ensure that it remains a qualifying company for the purposes of section 110 of the TCA; 
(jj) 
ensure, at all times, the sum of: 
(i) 
the amount available under an Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement at any time; and 
(ii) 
any amount credited to the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Accounts, 
is, in aggregate, less than the Issuer Liquidity Required Amount; 
(kk) 
not amend its constitution unless: (i) the Issuer obtains an RAC; and (ii) the Issuer obtains consent from 
the Issuer Secured Creditors to affect such amendment; 
(ll) 
amend any Issuer Finance Document unless: (i) the Issuer obtains an RAC; and (ii) the Issuer obtains 
consent from the Issuer Secured Creditors to affect such amendment; and 
(mm) obtain an RAC prior to issuing any new debt; 
(nn) 
not: 
(i) knowingly (having made due and careful enquiries) use, lend, contribute or otherwise make 
available any part of the proceeds of any utilisation or other transaction contemplated by the 
Issuer Finance Documents directly or indirectly for the purpose of financing any trade, business 
or other activities involving, or for the benefit of, any Sanctions Restricted Person, to the extent 
such action or status is prohibited by, or would itself cause any Issuer Finance Party or the Issuer 
to be in breach of, any Sanctions; or 
(ii) knowingly engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or breaches or attempts to breach any 
Sanctions applicable to it; or 
(iii) fund all or part of any payment in connection with an Issuer Finance Document out of proceeds 
derived from business or transactions with a Sanctions Restricted Person, or from any action 
which is in breach of any Sanctions;  
(oo) 
ensure that appropriate controls and safeguards are in place designed to prevent any action being taken 
that would be contrary to paragraph (nn) above; 
(pp) 
within 10 Business Days of a written request by the Issuer Security Trustee, supply to the Issuer Security 
Trustee such forms, documentation and other information relating to it, its operations, or the Issuer 
Secured Debt as the Issuer Security Trustee reasonably requests for the purposes of the Issuer Security 
Trustee’s compliance with applicable law and shall notify the Issuer Security Trustee reasonably 
promptly in the event that it becomes aware that any of the forms, documentation or other information 
provided by the Issuer is (or becomes) inaccurate in any material respect; provided, however, that the 
Issuer shall not be required to provide any forms, documentation or other information pursuant to this 
covenant to the extent that: (i) any such form, documentation or other information (or the information 
required to be provided on such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to the Issuer and 
cannot be obtained by the Issuer using reasonable efforts; or (ii) doing so would or might in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer constitute a breach of any: (A) applicable law; (B) fiduciary duty; or

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
(C) duty of confidentiality. The Issuer shall notify the Issuer Security Trustee in the event that it 
determines that any payment to be made by the Issuer Security Trustee under any of the Authorised 
Issuer Debt Agreements is a payment which could be subject to FATCA Withholding if such payment 
were made to a recipient that is generally unable to receive payments free from FATCA Withholding, 
and the extent to which the relevant payment is so treated; 
(qq) 
so far as permitted by applicable law, give the Issuer Security Trustee such information as it reasonably 
requires to perform its functions; and 
(rr) 
ensure that all moneys payable by the Issuer to the Issuer Security Trustee shall be made without set-off, 
counterclaim, deduction or withholding unless compelled by law in which event the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Issuer Security Trustee of the amounts which would 
otherwise have been payable by the Issuer to the Issuer Security Trustee under this clause in the absence 
of any such set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding. 
Issuer Events of Default 
The Issuer STID contains the following events of default which together constitute the “Issuer Events of 
Default” under each Issuer Finance Document other than any Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement (subject, in 
some cases, to agreed exceptions, materiality qualifications, reservations of law and grace periods), each one 
being an “Issuer Event of Default”: 
(a) 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Issuer Finance Documents 
in the manner required under such documents unless: (i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or 
technical error or a Disruption Event; and (ii) payment is made within three Business Days of the due 
date; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the Authorised 
Issuer Debt Agreement which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Issuer Security 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Issuer Security Trustee remedied within 20 
Business Days after notice of such default has been given to the Issuer by the Issuer Security Trustee; 
(c) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any default, event of default or the like 
(howsoever described); 
(d) 
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace 
period; 
(e) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future indemnity in 
respect of any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned in 
paragraphs (c) and (d) above have occurred which equals or exceeds EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer Security Trustee); 
(f) 
the Issuer is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay 
its debts, stops or suspends payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, or any analogous proceeding 
in any jurisdiction; 
(g) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, or the 
Issuer ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, or any analogous 
proceedings in any jurisdiction, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Issuer Secured Creditors; 
(h) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order to: 
(i) 
enable it to lawfully enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations 
under the Issuer Finance Documents; 
(ii) 
ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and 
(iii) 
make the Issuer Finance Document admissible in evidence in the courts of England, 
is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under any Issuer Finance Document or any obligation under the Issuer Finance Document ceasing to be 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable and any security interest ceasing to be legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable or effective. 
Issuer Cash Management 
Operating Accounts 
The Issuer STID requires the Issuer to open and maintain one or more Operating Accounts into which all 
revenues will be deposited (the “Operating Account”). 
The Issuer Cash Manager shall administer any bank account of the Issuer and shall be authorised by the Issuer 
Security Trustee to operate all such accounts pending the removal of the Issuer Cash Manager by reason of any 
agreed trigger for removal. 
The Issuer Cash Manager shall record revenues paid into an Operating Account in its name or into the Issuer 
Debt Service Reserve Account, and will use the funds standing to the credit of such Operating Account and the 
Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account to make payments permitted pursuant to the Issuer Finance Documents. 
Such accounts shall be the sole account of the Issuer through which (subject to the terms of the Issuer Finance 
Documents) all operating expenditure payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness or any Taxes incurred by 
it shall be cleared. All distributions by the Issuer will be funded out of moneys standing to the credit of an 
Operating Account held by it. 
Prior to the termination of a Standstill (other than by virtue of a Standstill Remedy), payments to Issuer Secured 
Creditors will be made out of moneys standing to the credit of the Operating Account (subject to certain 
exceptions), in accordance with the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
Issuer Liquidity Facility 
The Issuer Cash Manager shall determine the amount of any anticipated Issuer Liquidity Shortfall on the next 
Cash Manager Determination Date after taking into account the balance standing to the credit of the Operating 
Accounts and relevant Issuer Debt Service Reserve Accounts which will be available to the Issuer on the next 
Interest Payment Date. 
If, after application of the balance standing to the credit of the Operating Accounts and Issuer Debt Service 
Reserve Accounts (if any), there will be a positive Issuer Liquidity Shortfall, the Issuer shall deliver an Issuer 
LF Notice of Drawing to the Initial Issuer Liquidity Facility Agent in accordance with the Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
At the time any Issuer LF Notice of Drawing is delivered by the Issuer to the Initial Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agent in respect of a Payment Date, the Issuer shall notify the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Security Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of an Issuer LF Notice of Drawing on behalf of the Issuer) and the 
Registrar (where relevant and in the case of an Issuer LF Notice of Drawing on behalf of the Issuer) of the 
amount of any applicable Issuer Liquidity Shortfall in respect of such Payment Date. 
The amount of any drawing under the Issuer LF Notice of Drawing shall immediately be credited to the relevant 
Operating Accounts and applied in accordance with the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Standstill and Enforcement Action 
If any Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt is outstanding, then immediately upon notification to the Issuer Security 
Trustee of an Issuer Event of Default, a Standstill Period will commence. During such a period, no Enforcement 
Action may be taken by any Issuer Secured Creditor. Any money received by the Issuer (or the Issuer Security 
Trustee or Issuer Cash Manager on its behalf) or credited to the Issuer Accounts will be applied in accordance 
with the Issuer STID in the discharge of the Issuer Secured Liabilities, in accordance with the Issuer Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments. The Issuer will, however, be entitled to make drawings under the Initial 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
A Standstill Period shall terminate on: 
(a) 
the date that any Insolvency Proceedings commenced by the Issuer Security Trustee are discharged, 
stayed or dismissed within 20 Business Days of the commencement of the proceedings or if earlier the 
date the proceedings were advertised;  
(b) 
the date which Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors in respect of 66.67 per cent. or more of 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt vote to terminate the 
Standstill Period; or 
(c) 
the date of any waiver granted in accordance with the Issuer STID or the date of remedy of the Event of 
Default giving rise to the Standstill. 
If a Standstill Period has not been terminated within 12 months, the Standstill Period will be automatically 
extended for a further 120 days unless terminated in accordance with the above or by a vote in favour of 
termination by the Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors holding 50 per cent. or more of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt. If no termination occurs, the 
Standstill Period will be automatically extended for a further 60 days and can be terminated in accordance with 
paragraphs (a) to (c) above, or by a vote in favour of termination by the Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
Creditors holding 25 per cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying Issuer 
Senior Debt. 
Upon termination of a Standstill Period, an Enforcement Period will begin. During an Enforcement Period, any 
Issuer Secured Creditor will be entitled to direct the Issuer Security Trustee to take Enforcement Action, deliver 
an Acceleration Notice and exercise all rights which may be available to it under any Issuer Finance Document. 
Any proceeds raised during this process will be applied according to the Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, described below. 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, moneys standing to the credit of the Issuer Operating Account 
shall be applied by the Issuer in the following order for the purpose of enabling the following payments, without 
double counting: 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s operating and maintenance costs (except those costs fully 
due under the Issuer Finance Documents) to the extent not provided for in paragraphs (b) to (j) 
(inclusive) below; 
(b) 
secondly, to fund the Issuer Profit Account to the extent that the Issuer has not yet paid into the Issuer 
Profit Account the Issuer Profit in that Financial Year; 
(c) 
thirdly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to: 
(i) 
the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver under any Issuer Finance Document; and 
(ii) 
the Bond Trustee under any Issuer Finance Document; 
(d) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to: 
(i) 
the Issuer Account Bank under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Agents under the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Issuer Cash Manager under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Administrator under the Issuer Corporate Administration Agreement; and 
(v) 
each Issuer Secured Creditor Representative under each Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement; 
(e) 
fifthly, all amounts due by the Issuer to any Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider and any Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agent under the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement, in each case, other than: (A) in respect of 
any Subordinated Liquidity Payments; and (B) amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(f) 
sixthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction 
of all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any other 
Authorised Issuer Debt other than any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions;

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
(g) 
seventhly, pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof, in each case without 
double counting, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal due or overdue outstanding under 
any other Authorised Issuer Debt other than any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(h) 
eighthly, in or towards satisfaction of amounts in respect of any Make-Whole Amount due and payable 
on any Authorised Issuer Debt; 
(i) 
ninthly, towards Subordinated Liquidity Payments due under any Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
and 
(j) 
tenthly, any surplus shall be transferred by the Issuer into the Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account. 
Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments  
Following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice the Issuer Secured Creditors claims will rank according to the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. Obligations appearing in any one item are to rank pari passu and pro 
rata with each other. All Available Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied by or on behalf of the Issuer Security 
Trustee or, as the case may be, any Receiver, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due according to Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments contained in the Issuer STID and described below. 
If the obligations which fall to be paid on the same Payment Date include obligations which benefit from the 
availability of the Issuer Liquidity Facility, the pro rata application of available funds shall be made pro rata to 
those Issuer Secured Creditors which do not benefit from the availability of the Issuer Liquidity Facility and to 
those Issuer Secured Creditors which do benefit from the Issuer Liquidity Facility (the latter having first taken 
into account and reduced by an equivalent amount the amount of the obligations which will be satisfied by the 
Issuer Liquidity Facility). 
If there are insufficient funds to discharge in full amounts due and payable all items which rank pari passu with 
each other shall be discharged to the extent there are sufficient funds to do so and on a pro rata basis, according 
to the respective amounts. 
The Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments is as follows: 
(a) 
first, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction of 
the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to: 
(i) 
the Issuer Security Trustee or any Receiver under any Issuer Finance Document; and 
(ii) 
the Bond Trustee under any Issuer Finance Document; 
(b) 
secondly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to: 
(i) 
the Issuer Account Bank under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Agents under the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Issuer Cash Manager under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Administrator under the Issuer Corporate Administration Agreement; and

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
(v) 
each Issuer Secured Creditor Representative under each Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement; 
(c) 
thirdly, all amounts due by the Issuer to any Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider and any Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agent under the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement, in each case, other than: (i) in respect of 
any Subordinated Liquidity Payments; and (ii) amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(d) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction 
of all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any other 
Authorised Issuer Debt other any amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(e) 
fifthly, pro rata and pari passu according to the respective amounts thereof, in each case without double 
counting, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal due or overdue outstanding under any 
other Authorised Issuer Debt and any termination payments, unscheduled amounts or indemnity 
arrangements associated with such payments under any other Authorised Issuer Debt other than any 
amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(f) 
sixthly, in or towards satisfaction of amounts in respect of any Make-Whole Amount due and payable 
on any Authorised Issuer Debt; 
(g) 
seventhly, towards Subordinated Liquidity Payments due under any Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(h) 
eighthly, towards fees for services provided to the Issuer by parties other than Issuer Secured Creditors; 
and 
(i) 
ninthly, any surplus shall be available to the Issuer to deal with as it sees fit. 
Intercreditor Arrangements and Voting Procedures 
The intercreditor arrangements among the Issuer Secured Creditors (the “Issuer Intercreditor 
Arrangements”) are contained in the body of the Issuer STID. Other than in respect of intra-group and 
shareholder loans, unsecured creditors are not and will not become parties to the Issuer Intercreditor 
Arrangements and will have unfettered, independent rights of action in respect of their debts. 
The purpose of the Issuer Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other things: (i) the claims of the 
Issuer Secured Creditors and their ranking in point of payment after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice; (ii) 
the exercise, acceleration and enforcement of rights by the Issuer Secured Creditors; (iii) the rights of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors to instruct the Issuer Security Trustee; and (iv) the giving of consents and waivers and the 
making of modifications to, among others, the Issuer Security Documents and the Issuer STID. The Issuer 
Intercreditor Arrangements provide for the subordination and postponement of all claims in respect of Financial 
Indebtedness of the Issuer. 
As regards the giving of consents and waivers and the making of modifications in relation to the Issuer Finance 
Documents and the Issuer STID, the Issuer STID contains provisions which enable the Issuer Security Trustee 
to give or permit the making thereof in certain circumstances (principally where it determines that the consent, 
waiver or modification will not be materially prejudicial to Issuer Secured Creditors, defined in the Issuer STID 
as “Discretion Matters”). Where the Issuer Security Trustee is not willing or able to exercise its discretion, 
approval from relevant Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors (which do not include providers of liquidity) is 
required. Consents, waivers or modifications may, depending on their nature, constitute Ordinary Voting 
Matters (which require a simple majority to pass a resolution) or Extraordinary Voting Matters (which require 
66.67 per cent. of votes cast to pass a resolution). In addition, it may constitute an Entrenched Right in respect

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
of one or more Issuer Secured Creditors with the result that the consent of such Issuer Secured Creditors will 
need to be obtained. The Issuer STID contains the detailed provisions regarding the quorum required for the 
approval of such matters (which, for example, in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is one or more 
Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors representing 20 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of all Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt), the time periods in which approvals need to be given (which, for example, 
in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is 15 Business Days) and the percentage thresholds required to approve 
the different matters (which, for example, in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is a simple majority of the 
Voted Qualifying Debt). Such quorums, time periods and percentage thresholds vary depending on the nature 
of the different matters. In the case of Bondholders voting on an Issuer STID Proposal, votes will be counted 
on a euro-for-euro basis either for or against the Issuer STID Proposal according to the vote unless holders of 
25 per cent. or more of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Series of Bonds cast a vote and 75 per cent. 
of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Bonds of such Series which so voted, voted the same way then the 
entire Outstanding Principal Amount of such Series of Bonds will count as having voted in such way in respect 
of Quorum Requirements and the requisite majority. Where 25 per cent. or more of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of such Series of Bonds cast a vote but less than 75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Bonds of such Series which so voted vote the same way, the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of such 
Series of Bonds will count as having voted in such way in respect of Quorum Requirements but not the requisite 
majority. Bondholders will be able to participate in such approval processes by means of an electronic voting 
procedure, details of which are set out in the Trust Deed (and is briefly described in “Trust Deed” on page 203). 
In the case of Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Agreements, if the minimum quorum and voting majorities 
are met, the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of such Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Agreement shall 
be aggregated by the Issuer Security Trustee with the votes cast for or against (as applicable) by the other 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders). Where the minimum quorum and voting 
majorities specified in the relevant Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Agreements are not met, votes in respect 
of the relevant Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Agreement will be divided between votes cast in favour and 
votes cast against, on a euro-for-euro basis in respect of the Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt then owed to the 
Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors that vote on a proposed resolution within the Decision Period. 
Votes cast in favour and votes cast against will then be aggregated by the Issuer Security Trustee with the votes 
cast for and against by the other Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors. 
In the case of PP Noteholders, if the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant PP Note 
Purchase Agreement are met, only a single vote by reference to the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of 
such Series of PP Notes will be counted for the applicable proposal (and for the applicable Quorum 
Requirement). If the minimum quorum and voting majorities are not met, votes in respect of the relevant Series 
of PP Notes will be divided between votes cast in favour and votes cast against, on a euro-for-euro basis in 
respect of such PP Notes that vote on a proposed resolution within the Decision Period. Votes cast in favour and 
votes cast against will then be aggregated by the Issuer Security Trustee with the votes cast for and against by 
the other Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors (and will be counted for the applicable Quorum Requirement). 
As a creditor under the IBLA, the Issuer (or “IBLA Creditor” under the Borrower STID) will from time to 
time receive a Borrower STID Proposal from the Borrower Security Trustee pursuant to the terms of the 
Borrower STID. Under the terms of the Issuer STID, the Issuer shall distribute the Borrower STID Proposal to 
the Issuer Secured Creditors via their representatives and request instructions on how it shall vote under the 
Borrower STID Proposal or Notice (known as the “Borrower STID Proposal Pass Through Voting 
Request”). The Issuer shall use no discretion whatsoever when voting under any Borrower STID Proposal and 
shall simply pass on the relevant votes. Further, pursuant to Clause 38 (Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Pass Through Instructions) of the Issuer STID, any Issuer Secured Creditor (including the Bond Trustee acting 
on the instructions of the Bondholders pursuant to the Trust Deed), which by itself or together with any other 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditor(s) is or are owed an amount of the Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt which 
equates to an Outstanding Principal Amount of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate Borrower Outstanding 
Principal Amount of all Qualifying Senior Debt then outstanding may instruct their Issuer Secured Creditor 
Representative to exercise any of the rights granted to the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor) under the Borrower 
STID. This includes the issuance of a Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor Instruction Notice in accordance 
with Clause 23 (Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor Instructions) of the Borrower STID. 
There are also provisions in the Issuer STID which enable instructions to be given to the Issuer Security Trustee 
by the required percentage of Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors in relation to a number of matters, including 
whether to enforce the Issuer Security following an Event of Default and whether to deliver an Acceleration 
Notice. The required percentage of Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors differs depending on the nature of the 
instruction and also may vary over time. For example, the initial quorum in relation to a decision on whether to 
enforce the security would be Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors representing not less than 20 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt and a simple majority of the Voted 
Qualifying Debt will be required to pass the resolution. 
Governing law 
The Issuer STID and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
English law. 
ISSUER CASH MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT  
General  
The Issuer will appoint the Issuer Cash Manager pursuant to the Issuer Cash Management Agreement dated on 
or about the Signing Date. Pursuant to the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer Cash Manager will 
undertake certain cash administration functions on behalf of the Issuer.  
Cash management functions 
As part of its duties under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer Cash Manager will, inter alia: 
(a) operate the Issuer Account(s) and effect payments to and from the relevant Issuer Account(s) in accordance 
with the provisions of the Issuer Finance Documents provided that such moneys are at the time available to it; 
(b) make determinations and perform certain obligations on behalf of the Issuer as set out in, and in accordance 
with, the provisions of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; and (c) arrange for payment of all applicable 
fees and out of pocket expenses payable by the Issuer (or incurred by the Issuer Cash Manager on the Issuer’s 
behalf) including fees payable to the relevant stock exchange or professional advisory fees. 
Liquidity facility 
Allowing sufficient time for the Issuer to deliver any relevant Issuer LF Notice of Drawing, the Issuer Cash 
Manager shall determine the amount of any anticipated Issuer Liquidity Shortfall on the next Payment Date 
after taking into account the balance standing to the credit of the Issuer Account(s) (excluding any Issuer 
Liquidity Standby Account) which will be available to the Issuer on the next Payment Date. Any amounts 
standing to the credit of the relevant Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account (if any) will be applied to decrease 
the amount which would otherwise constitute an Issuer Liquidity Shortfall by applying such amount towards 
payment of items (a) to (f) (inclusive) of the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (excluding such items

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
which are otherwise excluded from the calculation of the Issuer Liquidity Shortfall). The Issuer will issue a 
notice of drawing to the liquidity facility agent under the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement to cover any such 
liquidity shortfall. 
Termination  
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the Issuer Cash Manager at any time with at least 30 days’ prior 
notice. The appointment of the Issuer Cash Manager shall terminate forthwith: (a) if default is made by the 
Issuer Cash Manager in the performance or observance of any of its material covenants and material obligations 
under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement subject to the applicable grace period; (b) if any Insolvency 
Event occurs in relation to the Issuer Cash Manager; or (c) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer Cash Manager to 
perform any of its obligations under the Issuer Cash Management Agreement, and the Issuer (with prior written 
consent of the Issuer Security Trustee) shall appoint a successor Issuer Cash Manager in its place, but without 
prejudice to any of the then existing rights and liabilities of the parties to the Issuer Cash Management 
Agreement. 
Subject to certain conditions (including that a suitable successor Issuer Cash Manager has been installed), the 
Issuer Cash Manager is entitled to resign upon giving 90 days’ written notice of termination to the Issuer and 
the Issuer Security Trustee. 
Governing law 
The Issuer Cash Management Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it will be governed by English law. 
TRUST DEED 
The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have entered into a Trust Deed (the “Trust Deed”) pursuant to which the 
Bonds are constituted. The Trust Deed includes the form of the Bonds and contains a covenant from the Issuer 
to the Bond Trustee to pay all amounts due under the Bonds. The Bond Trustee holds the benefit of that covenant 
on trust for itself and the Bondholders in accordance with their respective interests. The Trust Deed contains a 
number of covenants given by the Issuer including being obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to maintain 
a listing for listed Bonds while they remain outstanding.  
Electronic Consent 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee (as the case may be) have been 
notified to the Bondholders through the relevant clearing system(s), each of the Issuer and the Bond Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents. Such consents 
shall be communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Bonds outstanding. 
Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee 
which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with the Trust Deed, 
unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
For a description of Bondholder voting mechanics in other circumstances including in respect of an Issuer STID 
Proposal or a Borrower STID Proposal, see Condition 13 (Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution) in this Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
English law. 
ISSUER SECURITY AGREEMENT 
General 
On the Signing Date, the Issuer entered into an English law governed Issuer Security Agreement in favour of 
the Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and for the Issuer Secured Creditors) in connection with the Issuer Finance 
Documents. Under this agreement, the Issuer, among other things, assigns by way of security with full title 
guarantee and as security for all Issuer Secured Liabilities, all of the agreements to which it is party (except for 
the Issuer Corporate Administration Agreement and the Dealer Agreement) and creates a first fixed charge over 
its bank accounts.  
Assigned Agreements 
The agreements assigned by way of security consist of the Issuer’s right, title and interest from time to time in 
and to the Issuer Finance Documents to which it is party which are governed by English law and any of the 
following in relation thereto: 
(a) 
any proceeds of sale, transfer or other disposal, lease, licence, sub-licence, or agreement for sale, transfer 
or other disposal, lease, licence or sub-licence of that Security Asset; 
(b) 
any moneys or proceeds paid or payable deriving from that Security Asset; 
(c) 
any rights, claims, guarantees, indemnities, Security or covenants for title in relation to that Security 
Asset; 
(d) 
any awards or judgments in favour of the Issuer in relation to that Security Asset; and 
(e) 
any other asset deriving from, or relating to the Security Asset. 
In addition, the Issuer has charged, by way of first fixed charge, in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee, the 
Issuer’s present and future rights in respect of the Issuer Accounts (excluding the Issuer Profit Account) and 
any other bank account opened by the Issuer from time to time, and all moneys standing to the credit thereof. 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security Agreement 
Under the Issuer Security Agreement, the security created thereunder is enforceable upon the commencement 
of and at any time during an Enforcement Period. In accordance with the Issuer STID, such period begins upon 
the termination of a Standstill (other than pursuant to the granting of a waiver of the underlying default in 
accordance with the Issuer STID) until the earlier of the date on which all Issuer Secured Liabilities are 
discharged and the date on which the Issuer Security Trustee (acting in accordance with the instructions of the 
relevant Issuer Secured Creditors pursuant to the Issuer STID) notifies the Issuer that the Enforcement Period 
has ended. 
During such period, the Issuer Security Trustee shall, if instructed by any Issuer Secured Creditor, enforce all 
or any part of the Issuer Security in any manner it sees fit, acting in accordance with the Issuer STID. Any 
proceeds received by the Issuer Security Trustee or by any receiver appointed by it pursuant to the Issuer 
Security Agreement must be applied by the Issuer Security Trustee in accordance with the Issuer Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, subject to the payment of any claims having priority to the security under

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
the Issuer Security Agreement and to the rights of the Issuer Security Trustee and any receiver appointed in 
respect thereof and subject to the Issuer STID. 
Discharge of Security 
Subject to the Issuer STID, the Issuer Security shall be discharged when: (i) all of the Issuer Secured Liabilities 
have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full; and (ii) none of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors is under any further actual or contingent obligation to make advances or provide other financial 
accommodation to the Issuer under any Issuer Finance Document. 
At that point, the Issuer Security Trustee and each Issuer Secured Creditor shall, in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer Security Trustee, execute and do all such things as may be necessary to release the security created by 
the Issuer Security Agreement and to reassign the assigned property thereunder to the Issuer. 
Governing law 
The Issuer Security Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will 
be governed by English law. 
ISSUER LIQUIDITY FACILITY AGREEMENT 
The Issuer entered into the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement on the Signing Date, which is subject to 
amendment from time to time. 
Under the terms of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers make 
available a five-year committed euro revolving credit facility (which may be renewed) in an aggregate amount 
specified in the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement for the purpose of covering the Issuer’s funding shortfall 
where it is unable to service amounts payable in respect of the Issuer Finance Documents and certain other 
payments due to the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Each Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider must have a long term rating equal to or higher than the Minimum Long-
Term Rating. Each Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider will be an Issuer Secured Creditor and a party to the Issuer 
STID. 
The Issuer Liquidity Facility will not be available to be drawn down if an Issuer LF Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing. Following delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agent 
may, by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee, declare all outstanding drawings 
immediately due and payable and/or cancel the commitments of each Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider. 
The Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that if: (i) at any time the rating of any Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Provider falls below the Minimum Long Term Rating; or (ii) the relevant Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Provider does not agree to renew its commitment under the Issuer Liquidity Facility prior to the expiry of the 
relevant availability period: 
(a) 
the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to replace the relevant Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider 
with a successor Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider, a substitute Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider or, in 
the case of (i) above only, a guarantor of such Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider with the Minimum 
Long-Term Rating; and 
(b) 
(if a replacement is not made within the relevant time period specified in the Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agreement) the Issuer will be entitled to require such Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider to pay into the

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
relevant Liquidity Standby Account the full amount of the relevant Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider’s 
undrawn commitment (a “Standby Drawing”). 
Governing law 
The Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it will be governed by English law. 
ISSUER ACCOUNT BANK AGREEMENT 
General 
The Issuer has established Operating Accounts and a liquidity standby account (together, the “Issuer 
Accounts”). The Issuer Accounts are held with the Issuer Account Bank pursuant to the Issuer Account Bank 
Agreement dated the Signing Date between, among others, the Issuer, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer 
Account Bank and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
An Issuer Liquidity Standby Account may be opened and maintained with the Issuer Account Bank under the 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement and any such account will be operated by the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agent. 
This account will be opened in the name of the Issuer and held at the Issuer Account Bank for each applicable 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider in respect of whom a Standby Drawing under the Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agreement has been made, if such Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider has not been rated with at least the 
Minimum Long-Term Rating by Fitch, Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s or any equivalent long term-rating by 
another Rating Agency, then the Issuer Liquidity Standby Account shall be opened at the Issuer Account Bank. 
Termination 
The Issuer Account Bank may resign its appointment upon not less than 90 days’ notice to the Issuer and the 
Issuer Cash Manager (copied to the Issuer Security Trustee and the Issuer Cash Manager), provided that: 
(a) 
if such resignation would otherwise take effect less than 30 days before or after the date upon which the 
Issuer Security created under the Issuer STID is released, or any Payment Date, it shall not take effect 
until the 30th day following such date; and 
(b) 
such resignation shall not take effect until a substitute Issuer Account Bank has been appointed. 
The Issuer may revoke its appointment of the Issuer Account Bank by not less than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer 
Account Bank (with a copy to the Issuer Security Trustee and the Issuer Cash Manager), provided that such 
revocation shall not take effect until a substitute has been duly appointed. Furthermore, the appointment of the 
Issuer Account Bank will terminate automatically if an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Issuer Account 
Bank. 
Governing law 
The Issuer Account Bank Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by English law.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
CHAPTER 15 
SUMMARY OF THE BORROWER COMMON FINANCE DOCUMENTS AND THE 
BORROWER FINANCE DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Borrower Finance Documents as described in this 
Prospectus. Investors may also view copies of certain of the Borrower Finance Documents which are 
summarised in this section on the website www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation (including the Common Terms 
Agreement, the Borrower STID and the Master Definitions Agreement). 
BORROWER COMMON FINANCE DOCUMENTS 
General Overview 
The Borrower Secured Creditors all benefit from common terms and a common security package granted by 
the Borrowers. It is a requirement of the CTA that any future provider of an Authorised Credit Facility must 
accede to and be bound by the terms of the CTA (see “Common Terms Agreement” below) and the intercreditor 
arrangements contained in the Borrower STID (see “Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed” on page 
227). 
The CTA sets out the common terms applicable to each Authorised Credit Facility of the Borrowers. Save for 
certain limited exceptions, no Finance Party can have additional representations, covenants, Trigger Events or 
Events of Default beyond the common terms deemed to be incorporated by reference into their Authorised 
Credit Facilities through their execution of, or accession to, the CTA. 
The Borrower STID regulates among other things: (a) the claims of the Borrower Secured Creditors; (b) the 
exercise and enforcement of rights by the Borrower Secured Creditors; and (c) the giving of instructions, 
consents and waivers and, in particular, the basis on which votes of the Borrower Secured Creditors will be 
counted. 
With the exception of certain Borrower Security Documents which are governed by Finnish and Dutch law, all 
agreements listed below and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
These summaries are brief and only touch in very general terms on the main provisions of the documents 
listed below. Consequently, investors are strongly recommended to obtain copies of the documents 
themselves. Recipients of this Prospectus should visit the website listed above in order to download and 
read copies of the documents incorporated by reference. 
COMMON TERMS AGREEMENT  
General 
The Common Terms Agreement sets out the representations, covenants, Trigger Events and Events of Default 
(at Schedules 1 to 4 respectively) which apply to each Authorised Credit Facility. 
It is a requirement of the CTA that future providers of Authorised Credit Facilities accede to the CTA, the MDA 
and the Borrower STID. The CTA contains certain indemnities of the Borrower Obligors to the Finance Parties 
in respect of losses caused, inter alia, by Events of Default.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
On each date on which any other new Authorised Credit Facility is issued or entered into under the CTA, each 
Borrower Obligor will make certain representations (the “Initial Date Representations”). 
On the date of each Utilisation Request, on each Utilisation Date and on the first day of each Interest Period 
each Borrower Obligor shall repeat certain representations (the “Repeating Representations”). A Borrower 
Obligor acceding to an Authorised Credit Facility shall make the Repeating Representations on the date of such 
accession. 
Covenants  
The CTA contains certain covenants from each of the Borrower Obligors. A summary of the covenants is set 
out below. 
(a) 
Caruna Networks shall ensure that, on each Calculation Date commencing on 30 June 2016: 
(i) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio in respect of the Relevant Period shall not be less than the Default 
Ratio; and 
(ii) 
the Senior Leverage Ratio in respect of the Relevant Period shall not be less than the Default 
Ratio. 
(b) 
The Borrower Security Group Agent undertakes to supply to the Borrower Security Trustee, each Facility 
Agent, the IBLA Creditor and the Borrower Hedge Counterparties in sufficient copies for all Borrower 
Secured Creditors: 
(i) 
consolidated audited Annual Financial Statements of the Borrower Security Group together, 
prepared as if they constituted a statutory group for consolidation purposes, and related 
accountants’ report, within 180 days after the end of each Financial Year; and 
(ii) 
consolidated, unaudited semi-Annual Financial Statements of the Borrower Security Group 
together, prepared as if they constituted a statutory group for consolidation purposes, for the first 
financial half-year in each Financial Year, within 90 days of the end of such financial half-year. 
(c) 
The Borrower Security Group Agent must ensure that (among other things) each set of Financial 
Statements supplied by it is prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards and includes a 
cashflow statement, a profit and loss statement and a balance sheet, and gives a true and fair view of or, 
in the case of any unaudited Financial Statements, fairly presents its financial condition (consolidated or 
otherwise) as at the date they were drawn up and of the results of its operations during such period. 
(d) 
With each set of Financial Statements, the Borrower Security Group Agent shall supply certain parties 
with a Compliance Certificate, signed by the Borrower Security Group Agent on behalf of the Borrower 
Obligors, confirming (among other things): 
(i) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio, the Senior Leverage Ratio and Lock-Up Tests and, in each case, 
calculations thereof in reasonable detail; 
(ii) 
the amounts of any excess cashflow and calculations thereof in reasonable detail; 
(iii) 
a list of all material Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower Obligors) and set out (in reasonable 
detail) computations which determine the classification of these companies as material 
Subsidiaries;

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
(iv) 
reasonable detail of any Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Disposal, Permitted Distribution or 
additional Financial Indebtedness made or incurred after the delivery of the immediately 
preceding Compliance Certificate; 
(v) 
the then applicable Rating; 
(vi) 
details of any storm event occurring after the delivery of the immediately preceding Compliance 
Certificate; 
(vii) 
that the information contained in the Compliance Certificate is, to the best of the Borrower 
Security Group Agent’s knowledge and belief, accurate in all material respects; and 
(viii) that, to the best of such person’s knowledge no Default or Trigger Event has occurred or is 
continuing, or if a Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, steps (which shall be 
specified) are being taken to remedy such Default or Trigger Event (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Unless the Borrower Security Trustee has already been so notified by another Borrower Obligor, each 
Borrower Obligor (or the Borrower Security Group Agent on its behalf) must notify the Borrower 
Security Trustee of any Default or Trigger Event relating to it (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy 
it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence. 
(f) 
In relation to the Budget (among other things): 
(i) 
the Borrower Security Group Agent shall supply to each Facility Agent, the IBLA Creditor and 
the Borrower Hedge Counterparties in sufficient copies for all the Borrower Secured Creditors, 
as soon as the same become available but in any event within 30 days after the start of each of its 
Financial Years, an annual Budget for that Financial Year; 
(ii) 
the Borrower Security Group Agent will ensure any Budget is in a form acceptable to each 
Facility Agent and the IBLA Creditor, contains a projected consolidated profit and loss account 
(or equivalent income statement), balance sheet and cashflow statement, is prepared in 
accordance with the applicable Accounting Standards and is approved by the board of directors 
of Caruna Networks; and 
(iii) 
if the Borrower Security Group Agent makes any material updates to or changes the Budget, it 
shall promptly deliver to each Facility Agent, in sufficient copies for each of the Borrower 
Secured Creditors, such updated or changed Budget together with a written explanation of the 
main changes in that Budget. 
(g) 
The Borrower Security Group Agent must hold each year an open one-way investor update presentation 
made by the Borrower Security Group Agent to the Borrower Secured Creditors in respect of the ongoing 
business and financial performance of the Borrower Security Group. The annual presentation may be 
held by way of conference call. 
(h) 
The Borrower Security Group Agent shall, with each set of Financial Statements, supply to the Borrower 
Security Trustee, the IBLA Creditor and the Borrower Hedge Counterparties in sufficient copies for all 
of the Borrower Secured Creditors, an Investor Report. Each Investor Report must include: 
(i) 
Default Ratios and calculations thereof in reasonable detail; 
(ii) 
a general update of the status of the business;

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
(iii) 
confirmation of the amount of any Restricted Payment made since the date of the previous 
Investor Report; and 
(iv) 
confirmation that: 
(A) 
the Investor Report is accurate in all material respects; 
(B) 
no Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default or Trigger 
Event has occurred and is continuing, steps (which shall be specified) are being taken to 
remedy such Default or Trigger Event; and 
(C) 
the Borrower Security Group is in compliance with the Borrower Hedging Policy. 
(i) 
So far as permitted by law, each Borrower Obligor must supply: 
(i) 
information regarding any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are current 
or threatened in writing against any Borrower Obligor where such proceedings, have been, or 
there is a reasonable likelihood that they will be, adversely determined and which would, if 
adversely determined, be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such any litigation, arbitration or administrative 
proceedings; 
(ii) 
promptly, such information as the Borrower Security Trustee may reasonably require about 
compliance of the Borrower Obligors with the terms of any Borrower Security Documents; 
(iii) 
promptly, details of the loss or modification of any Licence or any formal communication from 
the Regulatory Authority regarding any potential or threatened loss or modification of a Licence 
which could have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(iv) 
upon request by the Borrower Security Trustee, certified copies of any material authorisations; 
(v) 
promptly, any formal communication from the Regulatory Authority regarding any change to any 
regulatory consent which is reasonably likely to be made and if made would be reasonably likely 
to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(vi) 
upon receipt by Caruna Networks from the IBLA Creditor under the IBLA, details of a Rating 
and any change in that Rating; 
(vii) 
as soon as reasonably practicable after they are entered into, reasonable detail of any pre-hedging 
transactions and associated mark to market amounts; 
(viii) details of any violation of any Sanctions, as soon as reasonably practicable following such 
violation provided that Caruna Networks (or relevant member of the Borrower Security Group) 
shall be permitted, prior to notification, to first notify the relevant body, agency, regulatory 
authority or equivalent organisation which regulates such Sanctions, so long as this disclosure 
would not contravene any confidentiality restrictions imposed by the relevant body, agency, 
regulatory authority or equivalent organisation which regulates such Sanctions; and 
(ix) 
such material information (including hedging information) about the business and financial 
condition of the Borrower Security Group as is reasonably requested by the Borrower Security 
Trustee on the instructions of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors holding at least 20 per 
cent. by value of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Debt, provided that, at any time when no

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
Event of Default or Trigger Event has occurred and is subsisting, a maximum of one such request 
for information may be made in any 12-month period. 
No obligation arising from paragraphs (i) to (ix) above, shall oblige any Borrower Obligor to: 
(i) 
disclose any information regarding any proposal, plan, contract, agreement, arrangement, notice 
or approval which is, in the reasonable opinion of such Borrower Obligor, material to the business 
and interests of such Borrower Obligor or the Borrower Security Group taken as a whole and 
which is, in the reasonable opinion of such Borrower Obligor of significant commercial 
sensitivity such that the disclosure of such information might reasonably be expected to be 
materially prejudicial to the business and interests of such Borrower Obligor or the Borrower 
Security Group taken as a whole unless and until such time as: (A) the relevant proposal, plan, 
contract, notice agreement or arrangement or any modification thereto has been concluded or the 
relevant approval obtained or declined or the relevant notice withdrawn or, if earlier; (B) such 
Borrower Obligor is required by law, regulation or any rule of any applicable listing authority to 
publish details regarding the status of such contract, agreement or approval; or 
(ii) 
supply details of any communication, correspondence, enquiry, investigation or proceeding of a 
preliminary nature unless and until there is a reasonable prospect that the matters addressed by 
such communication, correspondence, enquiry, investigation or proceeding are reasonably likely 
to proceed in such a manner that, if adversely determined, would have or could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
and the provision of any information is subject in each case to any binding duty of confidentiality and 
any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions or restrictions imposed by any Regulatory Authority, 
provided that the relevant Borrower Obligor shall use its reasonable endeavours to obtain the consent of 
the Regulatory Authority to disclose such information on the basis that it shall be kept confidential by 
any recipient for so long as such information remains confidential or commercially sensitive. 
(j) 
Where: 
(i) 
any change in law or regulation or to the status of any Borrower Obligor occurs; 
(ii) 
a new Borrower Obligor accedes to the CTA; or 
(iii) 
a proposed transfer or assignment of rights and obligations by an Authorised Credit Provider to 
a party which is not an Authorised Credit Provider, 
obliges any Authorised Credit Provider or its agent to comply with “know your customer” or similar 
identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to 
it, each Borrower Obligor shall promptly upon the request of any Authorised Credit Provider or its agent 
supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by 
the relevant Authorised Credit Provider or its agent for it to carry out and be satisfied it has complied 
with all necessary “know your customer” or other similar checks under all applicable laws and 
regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Borrower Finance Documents.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
Trigger Events 
The CTA also sets out certain Trigger Events. The specific Trigger Events and the consequences which flow 
from the occurrence of those events are set out below. 
(a) 
Liquidity Required Amount 
The sum of the amount available under a Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement at any time and any 
amount credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account(s) is, in aggregate, less than the Borrower 
Liquidity Required Amount. 
(b) 
Financial ratios 
At any time when a Compliance Certificate, delivered in accordance with the terms of the Borrower 
Finance Documents, certifies that the Lock-Up Tests have not been satisfied in respect of the most recent 
Calculation Date. 
(c) 
Drawdown on Liquidity Facilities 
A Borrower Obligor draws down under a Borrower Liquidity Facility (excluding any drawing or 
repayment of any Standby Drawing) or withdraws sums credited to: (i) a Debt Service Reserve Account; 
or (ii) a Borrower Liquidity Standby Account, if the withdrawal of such amount is for the purposes of 
making scheduled debt service payments on the Borrower Secured Debt. 
(d) 
Liquidity for Capital Expenditure and Working Capital 
If, as at any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
Caruna Networks’, Caruna Oy’s and Caruna Espoo’s operating cash flows (including moneys 
standing to the credit of the relevant Operating Accounts) available or forecast to be available to 
meet Capital Expenditure and working capital requirements for the next 12 months; and 
(b) 
amounts available to be drawn in the next 12-month period under the Capex Facility and the WC 
Facility, 
is less than the aggregate of: 
(i) 
Caruna Networks’, Caruna Oy’s and Caruna Espoo’s forecast Capital Expenditure 
projected for the next 12-month period; and 
(ii) 
Caruna Networks’, Caruna Oy’s and Caruna Espoo’s forecast working capital 
requirements for the next 12-month period. 
(e) 
Amendment of Licence 
A Regulatory Authority gives Caruna Oy or Caruna Espoo (as applicable) notice of any proposed or 
actual modification to either of the licences which has, or would reasonably be expected to have, a 
Material Adverse Effect or result in the Senior Interest Cover Ratio or the Senior Leverage Ratio being 
less than the Default Ratios. 
(f) 
Transfer of electricity system 
Caruna Oy and/or Caruna Espoo receive(s) written notice from the Regulatory Authority or is involved 
in other proceedings with the Regulatory Authority in respect of the transfer of its electricity system to

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
another system operator, in each case, where such transfer is reasonably likely to occur and would or 
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect until such time as the compensation 
received in respect of such transfer is sufficient to fully repay the Borrower Secured Debt and will be 
applied by Caruna Networks in prepayment of the Borrower Secured Debt promptly upon receipt. 
(g) 
Adverse Legislation 
Any draft legislation or similar governmental instrument reaches a final reading (or equivalent step) 
which, if enacted or otherwise brought into force, would or would reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect or result in the Senior Interest Cover Ratio or the Senior Leverage Ratio being 
less than the Default Ratios. 
(h) 
Event of Default 
Without prejudice to the other remedies in respect thereof, and subject to the expiry or any applicable 
grace or remedy, the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing. 
(i) 
Credit rating downgrade 
The Rating ascribed by at least one Rating Agency engaged by the IBLA Creditor in accordance with 
the IBLA to provide a credit rating is downgraded below Investment Grade or there is no Rating. 
(j) 
Super Senior RPI-linked Borrower Hedging Agreements 
On any Calculation Date, the aggregate amount of all accretions by indexation to the original notional 
amounts of any Super Senior Borrower Hedging Agreements which hedge payments to be made by 
reference to RPI is greater than 8 per cent. of the principal amount of Borrower Secured Debt 
outstanding. 
(k) 
Auditor qualification 
The Borrower Auditors formally qualify their report (rather than include it in matters of emphasis or 
other equivalent statements) on any audited Financial Statements provided by the Borrower Security 
Group and such qualification has or is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event gives rise to consequences including: a block on Restricted Payments, 
requirements for meetings to be held between the Borrower Security Trustee and the Borrower Security Group 
in order to plan for a remedy and an obligation on the Borrower Security Group to provide further information 
regarding a Trigger Event which has continued for 12 months or more. If any Borrower Obligor makes a 
Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Disposal whilst a Trigger Event is continuing, the relevant Borrower Obligor 
shall, promptly following such Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Disposal (as the case may be), provide a 
certificate to the Borrower Security Trustee confirming that the Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Disposal (as 
applicable) is not materially adverse to the interests of the Borrower Secured Creditors (taken as a whole). 
Trigger Event Remedies 
At any time when a Borrower Obligor believes that a Trigger Event has been remedied by virtue of any of the 
steps permitted by the CTA, it must serve notice on the Borrower Security Trustee (signed by two directors) to 
that effect. The Borrower Security Trustee must respond within 10 days (or such longer period as it may 
reasonably agree with the relevant Borrower Obligor (as the case may be)) confirming that the relevant Trigger 
Event has, in its reasonable opinion, been remedied or setting out its reasons for believing that such Trigger

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
Event has not been remedied (in which case, such event shall continue to be a Trigger Event until such time as 
the Borrower Security Trustee is reasonably satisfied that the Trigger Event has been remedied). 
Events of Default 
The CTA contains (including but not limited to) the following events of default which together constitute the 
“Events of Default” under each Borrower Finance Document other than any Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement and any Borrower Hedging Agreement (subject, in some cases, to agreed exceptions, materiality 
qualifications, reservations of law and grace periods), each one being an “Event of Default”: 
(a) 
Non Payment 
A Borrower Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Borrower Finance 
Documents in the manner required under such documents unless: (a) its failure to pay is caused by 
administrative or technical error or a Disruption Event; and (b) payment is made within three Business 
Days of the due date. 
(b) 
Breach of Financial Covenant 
A Compliance Certificate certifies, as at the relevant Calculation Date, that either: 
(i) 
the Senior Interest Cover Ratio; and/or 
(ii) 
the Senior Leverage Ratio, 
breaches the relevant Default Ratio, provided that any such breach is not cured by the exercise of any 
Equity Cure Right in the time and manner set out below. 
(c) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
A Borrower Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Borrower Finance Documents (other 
than those referred to in: (i) paragraphs 1 (Non Payment) and 2 (Breach of Financial Covenant) of 
Schedule 4 (Events of Default) to the CTA; and (ii) the paragraph below, where such non-compliance 
has a Material Adverse Effect. 
A Borrower Obligor breaches paragraph 10 (Change of business), paragraph 11 (Acquisitions and 
investments), paragraph 17 (Disposals) or paragraph 21 (Distributions) of Part 3 (General Covenants) 
of Schedule 2 (Borrower Security Group Covenants) or paragraph 1 (No Restricted Payments) of Part 2 
(Trigger Event Consequences) of Schedule 3 (Trigger Events) to the CTA. 
No Event of Default under either of the paragraphs above will occur if the failure to comply is capable 
of remedy and is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of: (i) the Borrower Security Trustee 
giving notice to the Borrower Security Group Agent; and (ii) the Borrower Security Group Agent 
becoming aware of the failure to comply. 
(d) 
Misrepresentation 
Any representation or statement made by a Borrower Obligor in the Borrower Finance Documents or in 
any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower Obligor under or in connection with any 
Borrower Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
when made.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
No Event of Default under the paragraph above will occur if the failure or event or circumstance giving 
rise to the breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of: (i) the 
Borrower Security Trustee giving notice to the Borrower Security Group Agent; and (ii) the Borrower 
Security Group Agent becoming aware of the event or circumstance. 
(e) 
Cross-default 
Any of the following occurs in respect of any Borrower Obligor: 
(i) 
non-payment by a member of the Borrower Security Group of amounts payable after the expiry 
of any originally applicable grace period in respect of any of its Financial Indebtedness (other 
than in respect of the Borrower Secured Debt, any subordinated liabilities or subordinated 
intragroup liabilities) in excess of €25,000,000 (Indexed); or 
(ii) 
an amount of its Financial Indebtedness (other than in respect of the Borrower Secured Debt, any 
subordinated liabilities or subordinated intragroup liabilities) in excess of €25,000,000 (Indexed): 
(A) is declared due and payable prior to its specified maturity; or 
(B) is capable of being declared by a creditor to be prematurely due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity, 
and in each case, as a result of an event of default (howsoever described). 
(f) 
Insolvency 
Any Borrower Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or is deemed to or 
declared to be unable (other than pursuant to Section 123(i)(a) of the Insolvency Act 1986) to pay its 
debts under applicable law, suspends or threatens to suspend making payments on any of its debts or, by 
reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors generally 
with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.  
The paragraph above shall not apply: 
(i) 
if the relevant indebtedness arises under any subordinated liabilities or subordinated intragroup 
Liabilities; or 
(ii) 
to a Permitted Reorganisation. 
A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Borrower Obligor. If a moratorium 
occurs, the ending of the moratorium will not remedy any Event of Default caused by that moratorium. 
A Borrower Obligor incorporated in the Netherlands gives notice to the Dutch tax authorities under 
Section 36(2) of the Dutch 1990 Tax Collection Act (Invorderingswet 1990). 
(g) 
Insolvency Proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, 
administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) of any Borrower Obligor;

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors generally of any Borrower 
Obligor (as part of a general composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement affecting such 
Borrower Obligor’s creditors generally) other than a composition compromise, assignment or 
arrangement with respect to any subordinated indebtedness or any subordinated intragroup 
indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar 
officer in respect of any Borrower Obligor; or 
(iv) 
enforcement of any Security over any assets of any Borrower Obligor, 
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. 
The above shall not apply: 
(i) 
to any winding-up petition which is: (A) being contested in good faith by any Borrower Obligor; 
or (B) frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 days of 
commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised; 
(ii) 
to any step or procedure contemplated by paragraph (b) of the definition of “Permitted 
Transaction” or by a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(iii) 
in respect of any such action, legal proceedings or step over or relating to assets, the aggregate 
value of which does not exceed €12,500,000. 
In respect of a Borrower Obligor incorporated in the Netherlands, a reference to: 
(i) 
the "suspension of payments" or a "moratorium" includes surseance van betaling;  
(ii) 
an "administrator" includes a bewindvoerder; 
(iii) 
a "receiver" includes a curator; and 
(iv) 
"a winding up", "administration" or "dissolution" includes failliet verklaard and ontbonden. 
(h) 
Nationalisation 
The authority or ability of any Borrower Obligor to conduct its business is materially limited or wholly 
or substantially curtailed by any seizure, expropriation, nationalisation, intervention, restriction, 
attachment (including by way of executory attachment (executoriaal beslag) or interlocutory attachment 
(conservatoir beslag)) or other action by or on behalf of any governmental, regulatory or other authority 
or other person (in this paragraph, the “relevant action”) in relation to any Borrower Obligor or any of 
its assets, in a manner or to an extent which has or would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse 
Effect, provided that: 
(i) 
in relation to any relevant action where adequate compensation on termination to address any 
Material Adverse Effect is payable to the relevant Borrower Obligor shall not (of itself) constitute 
an Event of Default if such compensation on termination is applied in prepayment of the 
Borrower Secured Debt; and 
(ii) 
any relevant action will not be determined to have a Material Adverse Effect to the extent that the 
Rating Agencies have not downgraded the applicable credit rating below Investment Grade.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
The above shall not apply to any expropriation or attachment which is discharged within 30 days. 
(i) 
Creditors’ process 
Any expropriation, attachment (including by way of executory attachment (executoriaal beslag) or 
interlocutory attachment (conservatoir beslag)), sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous 
process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of a Borrower Obligor having an aggregate value 
in excess of €12,500,000 and is not discharged within 30 days. 
(j) 
Unlawfulness and Invalidity 
It is or becomes unlawful for a Borrower Obligor to perform any of its obligations under the Borrower 
Finance Documents or any Security created or expressed to be created or evidenced by the Borrower 
Security Documents ceases to be effective or becomes unlawful or any subordination created under the 
Borrower STID ceases to be effective or is or becomes unlawful in each case in any respect which is 
material and adverse to the interests of the Borrower Secured Creditors (and, in relation to an obligation 
under a Borrower Common Finance Document, which is material and adverse to the interests of the 
Borrower Secured Creditors taken as a whole). 
Subject to the Reservations, any material obligation of any Borrower Obligor under any Borrower 
Finance Documents or any other member of the Borrower Security Group under the Borrower STID is 
not or ceases to be legal, valid, binding or enforceable where such cessation materially and adversely 
affects the interests of the Borrower Secured Creditors (and, in relation to an obligation under a Borrower 
Common Finance Document, which is material and adverse to the interests of the Borrower Secured 
Creditors taken as a whole). 
Any Borrower Finance Document ceases to be in full force and effect or any Security or any 
subordination created under the Borrower STID ceases to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable or 
effective or is alleged by a party to it (other than a Finance Party) to be ineffective. 
(k) 
Cessation of Business 
Any Borrower Obligor ceases to carry on (or threatens to suspend or cease to carry on) all or a material 
part of its business as at the Closing Date and such cessation has or would reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect. 
(l) 
Repudiation and Rescission of Agreements 
A Borrower Obligor: (i) rescinds or purports to rescind or repudiates or purports to repudiate a Borrower 
Finance Document; or (ii) evidences an intention to rescind or repudiate a Borrower Finance Document 
when to do so has a material adverse effect on the interests at the Borrower Secured Creditors (and, in 
relation to a Borrower Common Finance Document, which is material and adverse to the interests of the 
Borrower Secured Creditors taken as a whole) under the Borrower Finance Documents. 
Any party to the Borrower STID (other than a Finance Party or a Borrower Obligor) fails to comply with 
the provisions of, or does not perform its obligations under, the Borrower STID where such non-
compliance or non-performance, as the case may be, has a material adverse effect on the interests of the 
Borrower Secured Creditors (and, in relation to a Borrower Common Finance Document, which is 
material and adverse to the interests of the Borrower Secured Creditors taken as a whole) under the 
Borrower Finance Documents.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
Any representation or warranty given by any party to the Borrower STID (other than a Finance Party or 
a Borrower Obligor) is incorrect in any material respect. 
It shall not be an Event of Default under the two preceding paragraphs above if the non-compliance or 
circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within 10 
Business Days of the earlier of the Borrower Security Trustee giving notice to that party or that party 
becoming aware of the non-compliance or misrepresentation.  
(m) 
Material Proceedings 
Any litigation, arbitration, administration or other proceedings are brought against a Borrower Obligor 
or in respect of its assets or revenues which, in any such case, would be reasonably likely to be adversely 
determined and which, if so adversely determined, has or would reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. 
(n) 
Termination or amendment of Licence 
Any Licence is terminated and not immediately replaced on terms not materially less favourable (taking 
into account any changes in the regulatory environment since the Closing Date). 
Any Licence is amended and such amendment has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. 
(o) 
Failure to Comply with Judgment 
Any Borrower Obligor fails to comply with any final judgment of any court and such failure has a 
Material Adverse Effect. 
(p) 
Change of Control 
The Borrower ceases to directly or indirectly hold 100 per cent. of the share capital in: 
(i) 
Caruna Oy; or 
(ii) 
Caruna Espoo; or 
(iii) 
save as a result of the merger of Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy or Caruna Networks Espoo 
Oy with the Borrower by way of an upstream merger. 
The Common Terms Agreement also provides the right to the Borrowers to provide or procure additional equity 
in order to remedy or prevent a breach of the ratios outlined in paragraph (b) above (the “Equity Cure Right”). 
The exercise of this right is limited to: 
(a) 
no more than two times in respect of a Term Loan Facility or IBLA Loan Facility with a tenor of three 
years; 
(b) 
no more than three times in respect of a Term Loan Facility or IBLA Loan Facility with a tenor of five 
years; 
(c) 
no more than four times in respect of a Term Loan Facility or IBLA Loan Facility with a tenor of seven 
years; and 
(d) 
no more than three times in any five-year rolling period in respect of a Term Loan Facility or IBLA Loan 
Facility with a tenor of more than seven years.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
The application of any additional equity shall be: 
(a) 
added to funds from operations for that Relevant Period; 
(b) 
included in the calculation of funds from operations on the subsequent Calculation Date; 
(c) 
applied pro rata to reduce amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility and the IBLA Loan Facility 
and to meet any swap break costs (excluding make-whole) under any Borrower Hedging Agreement; 
and 
(d) 
applied no later than 20 Business Days after the delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate. 
Borrower Hedging Policy 
The members of the Borrower Security Group agree to be bound by a hedging policy set out in Schedule 7 to 
the CTA (the “Borrower Hedging Policy”) the purpose of which is to limit the exposure of the Borrower 
Security Group to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies and inflation. The Borrower Hedging Policy is 
broadly divided into principles of general application, principles applying to currency hedges, principles 
relating to interest rate hedging, principles relating to pre-hedges, underhedged positions and overhedged 
positions, principles relating to Borrower Hedge Counterparties and individual Borrower Hedging Agreements. 
General Principles 
The Borrower Hedging Policy allows a member of the Borrower Security Group to enter into Treasury 
Transactions to which the Borrower Hedging Policy will not apply in order to manage risk inherent in its 
business. Where such Treasury Transaction(s) is not entered into by way of a Borrower Hedging Agreement, it 
is unsecured and the hedge counterparty does not accede to the Borrower STID, provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate notional amount of such Treasury Transactions does not exceed €50 million; and 
(b) 
no such Treasury Transaction shall have a tenor of more than eight years. 
The Borrower Hedging Policy will be reviewed from time to time by the Borrower Security Group and may be 
amended as appropriate, including in order to meet the requirements of the Rating Agencies from time to time 
or to reflect derivatives-related regulatory requirements in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower 
STID. 
Additionally, no amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or part) of any Borrower Hedging 
Agreement will require the consent of any party other than the affected Borrower Hedge Counterparty, provided 
that: (a) such amendment, waiver, modification or termination (as the case may be) does not result in any 
member of the Borrower Security Group breaching the Hedging Policy; and (b) no additional consent would 
be required under the Borrower STID.  
Subject to the Entrenched Rights, no amendment, waiver, modification or termination (in whole or in part) of 
the Borrower Hedging Policy necessary to meet the requirements of the Rating Agencies from time to time or 
to reflect derivatives-related regulatory requirements (but for the avoidance of doubt, not including 
amendments, waivers, modifications or terminations of hedging limits, termination events and events of default, 
howsoever described), will require the consent of any party other than the Borrower. In the event that the 
Borrower is required to make any such change to the Borrower Hedging Policy, the Borrower Security Trustee 
shall be required (at the cost of Caruna Networks) to execute such documents as are reasonably necessary to 
give effect to such change to the Borrower Hedging Policy.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
Currency risk principles 
The Borrower Hedging Policy prohibits Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy or Caruna Espoo from bearing unhedged 
currency risk in respect of interest payable and the repayment of principle under any foreign currency-
denominated debt instrument. 
If, at any time, the aggregate notional amount of Borrower Hedging Transactions that are foreign exchange 
transactions exceeds 100 per cent. of the total outstanding principal amount of such foreign currency 
denominated Borrower Relevant Debt (after taking into account any Offsetting Transactions) (a “Currency 
Overhedged Position”), then the company relevant Borrower must, within 30 days of becoming aware of such 
Currency Overhedged Position, reduce and/or procure the reduction of the notional amount of such Borrower 
Hedging Transactions (which may be achieved by terminating one or more of such Borrower Hedging 
Transactions (in whole or in part, in either case pro rata to each Borrower Hedge Counterparties’ exposure) 
and/or entering into Offsetting Transactions) so that it is in compliance with the parameters in this paragraph. 
For the purposes of the paragraphs above, the relevant member of the Borrower Security Group’s currency risk 
in relation to a foreign currency denominated debt instrument (or part thereof) shall be deemed to be hedged if 
and to the extent that a member of the Borrower Security Group has revenues denominated in the currency of 
the relevant foreign currency denominated debt instrument which are sufficient to ensure any foreign exchange 
risk is fully removed in respect of the relevant foreign currency denominated debt instrument (or part thereof). 
Interest rate risk principles 
The Borrower Hedging Policy places an obligation on Caruna Networks to hedge the interest rate risk in relation 
to all outstanding Borrower Relevant Debt, ensuring that: 
(a) 
where less than 75 per cent. of such debt is fixed rate, index-linked or effectively fixed rate or index-
linked pursuant to a Borrower Hedging Agreement (an “Underhedged Position”), Caruna Networks 
shall increase or procure the increase of the notional amount of the Borrower Hedging Transactions so 
that it is over 75 per cent. within 45 days of becoming aware of the Underhedged Position; and 
(b) 
at all times, the aggregate notional amount of interest rate Borrower Hedging Agreements does not 
exceed 110 per cent. of the total Borrower Relevant Debt (an “Overhedged Position”) and where such 
aggregate notional amount exceeds 110 per cent., the relevant borrower must reduce and/or procure the 
reduction of the notional amount of Borrower Hedging Agreements below the 110 per cent. threshold 
within 30 days of becoming aware of the Overhedged Position. 
Interest rate risk on floating rate liabilities will be hedged through instruments such as interest rate swaps or 
interest rate options in order to comply with paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Principles relating to Overhedged Positions, Underhedged Positions and Pre-hedges 
Subject to the terms of each individual Borrower Hedging Agreement, each Borrower will manage the 
Underhedged Position or Overhedged Position (as applicable) in its (or their) absolute discretion provided that, 
prior to the date on which any Overhedged Position is remedied, the relevant Borrower will ensure that it has 
sufficient funds to meet any swap termination amounts or break costs which may become due to the Borrower 
Hedge Counterparties should one or more Borrower Hedging Transactions be terminated.  
Each member of the Borrower Security Group will, in addition, be permitted to enter into derivative instruments 
such as forward starting interest rate swap transactions with an effective date no later than 24 months from the 
date of entry into such Treasury Transactions, in respect of Financial Indebtedness which is projected to be

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
incurred within 24 months from the date of entry into such Treasury Transactions (the “Pre-hedges”). Subject 
to no Event of Default having occurred, the notional amount in respect of any Pre-hedge shall only count 
towards the determination of an Overhedged Position or Underhedged Position in respect of any day to the 
extent such day occurs on or after the effective date in respect of the relevant Pre-hedge. The Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties’ termination rights shall apply equally to Pre-hedges. In addition, such Pre-hedges will contain 
provisions to the effect that such Pre-hedges must be terminated if the projected Financial Indebtedness is either 
not incurred or is incurred and the pre-hedging is no longer required, or that such Pre-hedges are subject to 
mandatory termination. 
Principles relating to Hedge Counterparties 
The Borrower Hedging Policy restricts Borrower Hedge Counterparties, or institutions giving parent 
guarantees, to those that have a rating of no less than BBB+ or higher by Standard & Poor or Fitch or Baa1 or 
higher by Moody’s at the time of entering into a Borrower Hedging Agreement. No party shall have any 
obligation to take any action (or to cease to take any action) if a Borrower Hedge Counterparty subsequently 
ceases to satisfy the criteria set out in the Borrower Hedging Policy with respect to any Rating. 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties may transfer their obligations to an Affiliate, provided that such Affiliate 
complies with the above ratings criteria and accedes to the Borrower Finance Documents in accordance with 
the Borrower STID. 
Principles relating to Borrower Hedging Agreements 
All Borrower Hedging Agreements entered into pursuant to the Borrower Hedging Policy must be entered into 
in the form of a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower Security Trustee. 
An Early Termination Date may only be designated by a Borrower Hedge Counterparty where certain events 
occur and continue, including various Events of Default, the exercise of rights under a break clause or breaches 
of certain obligations under a Borrower Hedging Agreement itself. No Event of Default (as defined in the ISDA 
Master Agreement) shall apply in relation to the relevant borrower and no Termination Event (as defined in the 
ISDA Master Agreement) in respect of which the Borrower Hedge Counterparty would have a right to terminate 
the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement shall apply. 
Each Borrower Hedge Counterparty will be required to acknowledge in the relevant Borrower Hedging 
Agreement that the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement will be subject to the provisions of the Common 
Terms Agreement and the Borrower STID and that all amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the 
relevant borrower under or in connection with such Borrower Hedging Agreement shall only be recoverable 
(and all rights of the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty under such Borrower Hedging Agreement shall 
only be exercisable) subject to and in accordance with the Borrower STID or the Borrower Common Finance 
Documents, as applicable. 
Any member of the Borrower Security Group will be entitled to enter into Treasury Transactions with Hedge 
Counterparties that contain break clauses or that grant the relevant member of the Borrower Security Group 
and/or the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty a break clause or right of optional early termination (other 
than any optional early termination rights governed by the Borrower Hedging Policy), if as at the date on which 
it enters into such Treasury Transactions: 
(a) 
the aggregate notional amount of all such Treasury Transactions with break clauses or optional early 
termination does not exceed 10 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Borrower Secured 
Debt; and

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
(b) 
the aggregate notional amount of such Treasury Transactions with break clauses or optional early 
termination coming due within a rolling two-year period does not exceed 5 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Borrower Secured Debt. 
Borrower Cash Management 
Operating Accounts 
The CTA requires the Borrower Security Group to open and maintain one or more Operating Accounts with the 
Borrower Account Bank which will be subject to the Borrower Security. 
At all times prior to any Standstill Period, the Cash Manager for the Borrower Security Group shall be the 
respective holder of the Operating Account. The Cash Manager will act as such in respect of its own accounts, 
and shall be authorised by the Borrower Security Trustee to operate all such accounts pending the removal of 
the Cash Manager by reason of the commencement of a Standstill Period or any other agreed trigger for removal. 
Each Cash Manager shall ensure that all of its revenues (other than a Standby Drawing) will be paid into an 
Operating Account in its name or into the Debt Service Reserve Account, and will use the funds standing to the 
credit of such relevant Operating Account and the Debt Service Reserve Account to make payments permitted 
pursuant to the Borrower Finance Documents. 
Each Operating Account shall be the sole account(s) of the relevant Borrower through which (subject to the 
terms of the Borrower Finance Documents) all operating expenditure, Capital Expenditure, payments in respect 
of Financial Indebtedness or any Taxes incurred by it shall be cleared. 
Prior to the termination of a Standstill (other than by virtue of a Standstill Remedy), payments to Borrower 
Secured Creditors will be made out of moneys standing to the credit of the Operating Accounts (subject to 
certain exceptions), in accordance with the Borrower Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments as set out below. 
Cash Equivalent Investments 
The Borrower Security Group may invest in Cash and/or Cash Equivalent Investments from the amounts 
standing to the credit of any of the Operating Accounts from time to time as is prudent, but may only invest in 
Cash Equivalent Investments which are held to the order of the Borrower Security Group or any member 
thereof. The Borrower Security Group will at all times ensure to the best of its knowledge that a prudent spread 
of any Cash Equivalent Investments is maintained and liquidate (or ensure that there are liquidated) Cash 
Equivalent Investments to the extent necessary to make payments due under the Borrower Finance Documents. 
The Borrower Security Group shall procure that the maximum average life of a Cash Equivalent Investment is 
appropriate having regard to the credits to be made to and payments from the Operating Accounts. If any 
investment ceases to be a Cash Equivalent Investment, the Borrower Security Group must, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after becoming aware of that fact (and in any event, no more than 30 Business Days after that time), 
replace the investment with a Cash Equivalent Investment or with cash. 
Any reference in any Borrower Finance Document to the balance standing to the credit of one of the Operating 
Accounts will be deemed to include a reference to the Cash Equivalent Investments in which all or part of such 
balance is for the time being invested. In the event of any dispute as to the value of any Cash Equivalent 
Investment for the purposes of determining the amount standing to the credit of an Operating Account, that 
amount will be determined by Caruna Networks.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
Liquidity Facility 
The Cash Manager shall determine the amount of any anticipated Borrower Liquidity Shortfall on the next Cash 
Manager Determination Date after taking into account the balance standing to the credit of the Operating 
Accounts and relevant Debt Service Reserve Accounts which will be available to the Borrowers on the next 
Interest Payment Date. 
If, after application of the balance standing to the credit of the Operating Accounts and Debt Service Reserve 
Accounts (if any), there will be a positive Borrower Liquidity Shortfall, the relevant Borrower Obligor (or the 
Cash Manager on its behalf) shall deliver a Borrower LF Notice of Drawing to the Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agent in accordance with the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
At the time any Borrower LF Notice of Drawing is delivered by the relevant Borrower (or the Cash Manager 
on its behalf) to the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agent in respect of an Interest Payment Date, that Borrower 
shall notify the Borrower Security Trustee of the amount of any applicable Borrower Liquidity Shortfall in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of the Borrower Liquidity Loan Drawing shall immediately be credited to the relevant Operating 
Accounts and applied in accordance with the Borrower Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (excluding any 
termination payments, accretion or other pay-as-you-go payments and all other unscheduled amounts payable 
to any Borrower Hedge Counterparty). 
During a Standstill, the Borrower Standstill Cash Manager shall exercise those rights and perform those 
obligations of the Cash Manager under the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Borrower Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, payments owed by a Borrower Obligor to Borrower Secured 
Creditors will be made, on each Interest Payment Date (or in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) below, on any 
day on which such amounts are due and payable), out of moneys standing to the credit of the Operating Account 
of that Borrower Obligor in the following order, without double counting: 
(a) 
first, costs, fees, expenses and any other amounts (including by way of indemnities) payable by any 
Borrower Obligor to the Borrower Security Trustee or any Receiver or other appointee under any 
Borrower Finance Document; 
(b) 
secondly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by any Borrower Obligor to: 
(i) 
each Facility Agent; 
(ii) 
the Borrower Account Bank under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Borrower Standstill Cash Manager; 
(iv) 
the IBLA Creditor (other than with respect to any Liquidity Fees and Subordinated Liquidity 
Fees); and 
(v) 
each Borrower Secured Creditor Representative; 
(c) 
thirdly, pro rata and pari passu:

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
(i) 
all amounts due by a Borrower Obligor to any Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider and the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agent and arranger under the Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, in each case, other than in respect of: (A) any Subordinated Liquidity Payments; and 
(B) amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; and 
(ii) 
all accrued but unpaid Liquidity Fees due under the IBLA; 
(d) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof all scheduled amounts, 
scheduled termination payments, principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency swaps 
and accretion or other pay as you go payments payable to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any 
Super Senior Borrower Hedging Agreement between Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy or Caruna Espoo 
and a Borrower Hedge Counterparty (other than amounts in respect of Borrower Subordinated Hedge 
Amounts);  
(e) 
fifthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction 
of: 
(i) 
all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any other 
Authorised Credit Facility other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(ii) 
other unscheduled amounts which are payable to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any 
Super Senior Borrower Hedging Agreement between Caruna Networks and a Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty (other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions or in 
respect of Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts); and  
(iii) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps, accretion and other pay as you go payments) payable to each 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Pari Passu Borrower Hedging Agreement (other than 
Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts);  
(f) 
sixthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in each case without double 
counting, in or towards satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Borrower Secured Debt outstanding under 
any other Authorised Credit Facility other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; and 
(ii) 
all scheduled principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross-
currency swaps, accretion and other pay as you go payments or any unscheduled sums due and 
payable by Caruna Networks to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under and any other amounts 
due to a Borrower Hedge Counterparty under or in connection with any Pari Passu Borrower 
Hedging Agreement (other than Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts);  
(g) 
seventhly, in or towards satisfaction of amounts in respect of any Borrower Make-Whole Amount; 
(h) 
eighthly, pro rata and pari passu towards: 
(i) 
Subordinated Liquidity Payments due under any Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Liquidity Fees due under the IBLA;

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
(i) 
ninthly, pro rata and pari passu, towards Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts due or overdue to a 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty; and 
(j) 
tenthly, any surplus shall be available to each Borrower Obligor entitled thereto to deal with as it sees 
fit. 
Borrower Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments  
Following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice the Borrower Secured Creditors claims will rank according to 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. Obligations appearing in any one item are to rank pari passu and 
pro rata with each other. All available Borrower Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied by or on behalf of the 
Borrower Security Trustee or, as the case may be, any Receiver, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due 
according to Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments contained in the Borrower STID. 
If the obligations which fall to be paid on the same Payment Date include obligations which benefit from the 
availability of the Borrower Liquidity Facility, the pro rata application of available funds shall be made pro rata 
to those Borrower Secured Creditors which do not benefit from the availability of the Borrower Liquidity 
Facility and to those Borrower Secured Creditors which do benefit from the Borrower Liquidity Facility (the 
latter having first taken into account and reduced by an equivalent amount the amount of the obligations which 
will be satisfied by the Borrower Liquidity Facility). 
If there are insufficient funds to discharge in full amounts due and payable all items which rank pari passu with 
each other shall be discharged to the extent there are sufficient funds to do so and on a pro rata basis, according 
to the respective amounts.  
Any amount referred to in the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments which constitutes Borrower Secured 
Liabilities includes any amount payable to any other Borrower Obligor under the Guarantees. 
The Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments is as follows: 
(a) 
first, any fees, costs, charges, liabilities or any other amounts (including by way of indemnity) payable 
by any Borrower Obligor to the Borrower Security Trustee or any Receiver under any Borrower Finance 
Document; 
(b) 
secondly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof in or towards satisfaction 
of the fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) 
and any other amounts payable by any Borrower Obligor to: 
(i) 
each Facility Agent; 
(ii) 
the Borrower Account Bank under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Standstill Cash Manager; 
(iv) 
the IBLA Creditor (other than with respect to any Liquidity Fees and Subordinated Liquidity 
Fees); and 
(v) 
each Borrower Secured Creditor Representative; 
(c) 
thirdly, pro rata and pari passu: 
(i) 
all amounts due by a Borrower Obligor to any Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider and the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agent and arranger under the Borrower Liquidity Facility

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
Agreement, in each case, other than in respect of: (A) any Subordinated Liquidity Payments; and 
(B) amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions; 
(ii) 
all accrued but unpaid Liquidity Fees due under the IBLA; 
(d) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof all scheduled amounts, 
scheduled termination payments, principal exchange amounts, final payments on cross-currency swaps 
and accretion or other pay as you go payments payable to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any 
Super Senior Borrower Hedging Agreement between Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy or Caruna Espoo 
and a Borrower Hedge Counterparty (other than amounts in respect of Borrower Subordinated Hedge 
Amounts); 
(e) 
fifthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction 
of: 
(i) 
all amounts of interest, underwriting and commitment commissions payable under any other 
Authorised Credit Facility other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; 
(ii) 
other unscheduled amounts which are payable to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any 
Super Senior Borrower Hedging Agreement between Caruna Networks and a Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty (other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing provisions or in 
respect of Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts); and 
(iii) 
all scheduled amounts (other than principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final 
payments on cross-currency swaps, accretion and other pay as you go payments) payable to each 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty under any Pari Passu Borrower Hedging Agreement; 
(f) 
sixthly, pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, in each case without double 
counting, in or towards satisfaction of: 
(i) 
all amounts of principal due or overdue in respect of Borrower Secured Debt outstanding under 
any other Authorised Credit Facility other than amounts payable in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions; and 
(ii) 
all scheduled principal exchange amounts, termination payments, final payments on cross-
currency swaps, accretion and other pay as you go payments or other unscheduled sums due and 
payable by Caruna Networks to each Borrower Hedge Counterparty under and any other amounts 
due to a Borrower Hedge Counterparty under or in connection with any Pari Passu Borrower 
Hedging Agreement (other than Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts) or under any other 
swap or indemnity arrangements associated with an Authorised Credit Facility; 
(g) 
seventhly, in or towards satisfaction of amounts in respect of any Borrower Make-Whole Amount; 
(h) 
eighthly, pro rata and pari passu towards: 
(i) 
Subordinated Liquidity Payments due under any Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Liquidity Fees due under the IBLA; 
(i) 
ninthly, pro rata and pari passu, towards Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amounts due or overdue to a 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty; and

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
(j) 
tenthly, any surplus shall be available to each Borrower Obligor entitled thereto to deal with as it sees 
fit. 
Borrower Standstill Cash Manager 
The CTA sets out provisions relating to the appointment of a Borrower Standstill Cash Manager to replace the 
Cash Manager following the commencement of a Standstill Period and for so long as such Standstill Period 
continues, provided that no Enforcement Action (other than a Permitted Share Pledge Acceleration) has 
occurred. 
The Borrower Standstill Cash Manager will act as Borrower Standstill Cash Manager in accordance with the 
CTA, the Borrower STID, the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement and the Borrower Account Bank 
Agreement. 
Governing law 
The CTA and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law. 
BORROWER SECURITY TRUST AND INTERCREDITOR DEED 
General 
The intercreditor arrangements among the members of the Borrower Security Group (the “Borrower 
Intercreditor Arrangements”) are contained in the Borrower STID. Other than in respect of intra-group and 
shareholder loans, unsecured creditors are not and will not become parties to the intercreditor arrangements and 
will have unfettered, independent rights of action in respect of their debts. However, the aggregate amount of 
certain unsecured Financial Indebtedness is restricted under the CTA. Subject to accession to the Borrower 
STID, MDA and the CTA, other Authorised Credit Providers may, in the future, become Borrower Secured 
Creditors. 
The purpose of the Borrower Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, among other things: (i) the claims of 
the Borrower Secured Creditors and their ranking in point of payment after the delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice; (ii) the exercise, acceleration and enforcement of rights by the Borrower Secured Creditors; (iii) the 
rights of the Borrower Secured Creditors to instruct the Borrower Security Trustee; and (iv) the giving of 
consents and waivers and the making of modifications to, among others, the Common Terms Agreement, the 
Borrower Security Documents, the Borrower STID and the Master Definitions Agreement (the “Borrower 
Common Finance Documents”). The Borrower Intercreditor Arrangements provide for the subordination and 
postponement of all claims relating to Financial Indebtedness of: (i) any member of the Borrower Security 
Group owed to another member of the Borrower Security Group; and (ii) certain other Financial Indebtedness 
of members of the Borrower Security Group (other than Borrower Senior Debt). 
Guarantee  
The Borrower STID contains provisions through which any present or future members of the Borrower Security 
Group jointly and severally guarantee the obligations of each other member of the Borrower Security Group. 
The Guarantee extends to, among other things, the obligation to make any payment due under the Borrower 
Finance Documents punctually and for the full amount. It also requires the Borrower Security Group to 
indemnify the Borrower Security Trustee (and the Borrower Secured Creditors for whom it acts) for any loss 
suffered if any guaranteed obligations become unenforceable, invalid, illegal or ineffective. The Guarantee 
extends for so long as there are any sums outstanding under the Borrower Finance Documents.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
As more fully set out in the Borrower STID, each Guarantor (which includes the Parent, DutchCo, the Borrower, 
Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo or any other entity which subsequently grants a Guarantee) jointly, severally, 
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the performance of the obligations of each Borrower Obligor until 
such time as all of the Borrower Obligors’ obligations in respect of the Borrower Secured Liabilities have been 
discharged in full. 
In respect of the Parent, its Guarantee is limited in recourse to its property, assets and undertakings the subject 
of any Borrower Security (the “Parent Charged Assets”). If: (a) there are no Parent Charged Assets remaining 
which are capable of being realised or otherwise converted into cash; (b) all amounts available from the Parent 
Charged Assets have been applied to meet or provide for the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance 
with, the provisions of the Borrower STID; and (c) there are insufficient amounts available from the Parent 
Charged Assets to pay in full, in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower STID, amounts outstanding 
under the Guarantee, then the Borrower Secured Creditors shall have no further claim against the Parent in 
respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid and such unpaid amounts shall be deemed to be 
discharged in full and any relevant payment rights shall be deemed to cease. 
In respect of each Finnish Borrower Obligor, its guarantee (and all indemnities and obligations under the 
Borrower STID) is limited as described below in the section “Borrower Security Documents – Finnish Law 
Limitations on Guarantees and Security” on page 230. 
Modifications, Consents, Waivers and Voting Procedures 
Regarding the giving of consents and waivers and the making of modifications in relation to the Borrower 
Common Finance Documents, the Borrower STID contains provisions which enable the Borrower Security 
Trustee to exercise its discretion, without the consent of Borrower Secured Creditors, to give or permit the 
making thereof in certain circumstances (principally where it determines that the consent, waiver or 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to Borrower Secured Creditors, defined in the Borrower STID 
as “Discretion Matters”). Where the Borrower Security Trustee is not willing or able to exercise its discretion, 
approval from relevant Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors (which do not include providers of liquidity or 
hedge counterparties) is required. Consents, waivers or modifications may, depending on their nature, constitute 
Ordinary Voting Matters (which require a simple majority to pass a resolution) or Extraordinary Voting Matters 
(which require not less than 66.67 per cent. of votes cast to pass a resolution). In addition, it may constitute an 
Entrenched Right in respect of one or more Borrower Secured Creditors with the result that the consent of such 
Borrower Secured Creditors will need to be obtained. The Borrower STID contains the detailed provisions 
regarding the quorum required for the approval of such matters (which, for example, in relation to an Ordinary 
Voting Matter, is one or more Participating Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors representing not less than 
20 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Borrower Senior Debt), the time periods in 
which approvals need to be given (which, for example, in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is 20 Business 
Days) and the percentage thresholds required to approve the different matters (which, for example, in relation 
to an Ordinary Voting Matter, is a simple majority of the Voted Qualifying Debt). Such quorums, time periods 
and percentage thresholds vary depending on the nature of the different matters. Other than in the case of the 
IBLA Creditor and the Borrower Hedge Counterparties, where the minimum quorum and voting majorities 
under any Authorised Credit Facility (other than the Borrower Hedging Agreements and the IBLA) are met, the 
entire Outstanding Principal Amount of such Authorised Credit Facility shall be aggregated by the Borrower 
Security Trustee with the votes cast for or against (as applicable) by the other Qualifying Borrower Secured 
Creditors. Where the minimum quorum and voting majorities specified in the relevant Authorised Credit 
Facility are not met, votes in respect of the relevant Authorised Credit Facility will be divided between votes

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
cast in favour and votes cast against, on a “euro-for-euro” basis in respect of the Qualifying Senior Debt then 
owed to the Participating Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors that vote on a proposed resolution within the 
Decision Period.  
In respect of the Issuer (as IBLA Creditor under the Borrower STID), the Qualifying Borrower Senior Debt 
owed to, or deemed to be owing to, the IBLA Creditor will be divided into separate voting tranches (representing 
three tranches of Authorised Issuer Debt, including the Bondholders). Voting in respect of each tranche of Issuer 
Secured Debt will be made in accordance with the voting procedures set out in the Issuer Finance Documents 
including the Issuer STID. For a description of how Issuer Secured Debt votes, see Chapter 14 (“Summary of 
the Issuer Finance Documents – Issuer Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed – Intercreditor Arrangements and 
Voting Procedures”). Voting in respect of Borrower Hedge Counterparties is set out in detail in Clause 11.1 
(Voting in respect of Pari Passu Borrower Hedging Transactions by Pari Passu Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties) of the Borrower STID. 
There are also provisions which enable instructions to be given to the Borrower Security Trustee by the required 
percentage of Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors in relation to a number of matters, including whether to 
enforce the security following an Event of Default and whether to deliver an Acceleration Notice. The required 
percentage of Participating Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors differs depending on the nature of the 
instruction and also may vary over time. For example, the initial quorum in relation to a decision on whether to 
enforce the security would be Participating Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors representing not less than 
20 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Qualifying Borrower Senior Debt and a simple majority 
of the Voted Qualifying Debt will be required to pass the resolution. 
Enforcement and Acceleration 
Immediately upon notification to the Borrower Security Trustee of an Event of Default occurring (other than 
an Event of Default as defined in any Borrower Hedging Agreement with respect to a Hedge Counterparty), a 
Standstill Period will commence (unless one is already in existence). Upon termination of a Standstill Period 
(other than following a Standstill Remedy) in accordance with the Borrower STID, and, subject to the Borrower 
Security Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction any Borrower Secured 
Creditor will be entitled to direct the Borrower Security Trustee to deliver an Acceleration Notice and exercise 
all rights which may be available to it under any Borrower Finance Document (including directing the Borrower 
Security Trustee to take any Enforcement Action) and the Borrower Security Trustee shall be entitled to enforce 
any Borrower Security Document in accordance with the Borrower STID. 
During an Enforcement Period, the whole of the Borrower Security will become enforceable. Subject to certain 
matters and to certain exceptions, any Borrower Enforcement Proceeds or other moneys held by the Borrower 
Security Trustee under the Borrower STID will be applied by or on behalf of the Borrower Security Trustee in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Distressed Disposals 
On the occurrence of a Distressed Disposal, the Borrower Security Trustee may, without any consent from any 
Borrower Secured Creditor or Borrower Obligor, release any Borrower Security as is required to effect the 
disposal in accordance with the Borrower STID. The net proceeds of disposal are to be paid to the Borrower 
Security Trustee for application in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Governing law 
The Borrower STID and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
English law. 
BORROWER SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
Finnish Law Limitations on Guarantees and Security 
This section highlights certain aspects of the laws of Finland relating to guarantees granted by the Finnish 
Borrower Obligors as in force on the date of this Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended, the “Finnish Companies 
Act”), a Finnish company may not provide financing, or grant guarantees or security to secure the financing, of 
the acquisition of its or its direct or indirect parent company’s shares (financial assistance). Generally, such 
provisions do not address any subsequent refinancing of acquisition debt. However, based on some views in 
Finnish legal literature, in certain situations, such subsequent refinancing, or the granting of guarantees or 
security to secure such subsequent refinancing, could be held to violate the applicable provisions on financial 
assistance. Therefore, the limitations regarding financial assistance may apply also when granting guarantees 
or security for refinancing debt. 
Further, a company can only distribute its assets in the ways specified in the Finnish Companies Act. Other 
transactions that reduce the assets of a company or increase its liabilities without commercial reason constitute 
an unlawful distribution of assets. The granting of guarantees and security is subject to the rules applicable to 
distribution of funds, and therefore, requires that the granting of a guarantee or security is based on commercial 
reasons. When assessing the business justification for granting the guarantee/security and the existence and 
scope of corporate benefit, all relevant circumstances, benefits and risks to the company (primarily on a stand-
alone basis with group benefit being taken into account to the extent it, directly or indirectly, benefits the 
company itself) are to be taken into account. 
For the above-mentioned reasons, it is standard market practice for credit agreements, guarantees and security 
documents to include language pursuant to which the scope of guarantees, other similar liabilities and security 
granted by limited liability companies incorporated in Finland is contractually limited so as to not be in conflict 
with the relevant statutory limitations. In line with this practice, the Borrower STID and the relevant Security 
Documents relating to security granted by Finnish Borrower Obligors will contain such limitation language and 
thus be so limited. 
The actual scope of the Guarantees (other similar liabilities and security) granted by the Finnish Borrower 
Obligors, is therefore substantially less than the aggregate amount of liabilities expressed to be guaranteed 
(assumed or secured) and, in fact, it is possible that, owing to the application of mandatory Finnish law relating 
to unlawful distribution of assets, no liabilities or obligations will, under Finnish law, be held to be effectively 
guaranteed (assumed or secured). Also, due to the different uses of the proceeds of the financings, the actual 
application of the limitation may lead to a different outcome in respect of various financing instruments. 
Finnish Law Security Documents 
General 
Each of DutchCo, Caruna Networks, Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy, Caruna Networks Espoo Oy, Caruna 
Oy and Caruna Espoo entered into one Finnish law governed security agreement with the Borrower Security

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
Trustee. Pursuant to these security agreements, the obligations set forth thereunder became effective on the 
Signing Date. Under these security agreements, each respective pledgor grants security over its assets for the 
obligations and liabilities of each Borrower Obligor to any Borrower Secured Creditor with the exception of 
the security over intercompany and third-party receivables (i.e. bank accounts, intercompany loans and 
insurance receivables) which secure only each security provider’s own borrowed, as opposed to guaranteed, 
debt. The restricted scope of secured obligations in respect of the security granted by the Borrower Obligors 
over receivables is due to current Finnish rules on interest deductibility. 
Following the mergers of Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy and Caruna Networks Espoo Oy into Caruna 
Networks, effective from 1 January 2018, Caruna Networks assumed liability for the obligations set forth under 
the security agreements originally entered into by Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy and Caruna Networks 
Espoo Oy as if it had been an original party thereto. 
Caruna Networks – Finnish law security 
The security constituted by the security agreement to which Caruna Networks is party as well as the security 
agreements originally entered into by Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy and Caruna Networks Espoo Oy and 
transferred to Caruna Networks through universal succession is expressed to include security over: 
(a) 
the shares held by Caruna Networks in its wholly-owned subsidiaries Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo Oy, 
and any other future subsidiaries incorporated in Finland and the dividends and related rights pertaining 
to such shares; 
(b) 
each loan, advance, claim, receivable or outstanding amount owing from time to time by the group 
companies incorporated in Finland to Caruna Networks under any long-term intra-group loan agreement; 
(c) 
certain receivables it may have from insurance companies based on its insurances; 
(d) 
business mortgage notes evidencing the business mortgages with the aggregate principal amount of EUR 
6,660,000,000 registered on Caruna Networks’ assets that fall within the statutory scope of a business 
mortgage, including, without limitation, fixed and intangible assets, working capital and liquid assets 
but excluding pending tax refunds and any real property and excluding any securities and receivables 
that have been separately granted as security; and 
(e) 
Caruna Networks’ bank accounts, together with all amounts standing to the credit from time to time in 
the bank accounts and any interest accrued thereon. 
Caruna Oy – Finnish law security 
The security constituted by the security agreement to which Caruna Oy is party is expressed to include security 
over: 
(a) 
each loan, advance, claim, receivable or outstanding amount owing from time to time by any other group 
company incorporated in Finland to Caruna Oy under any long-term intra-group loan agreement; 
(b) 
certain receivables it may have from insurance companies based on its insurances; 
(c) 
business mortgage notes evidencing the business mortgage with the aggregate principal amount of EUR 
2,220,000,000 registered on Caruna Oy’s assets, that fall within the statutory scope of a business 
mortgage, including, without limitation, fixed and intangible assets, working capital and liquid assets 
but excluding pending tax refunds and any real property and excluding any securities and receivables 
that have been separately granted as security;

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
(d) 
Caruna Oy’s bank accounts, together with all amounts standing to the credit from time to time in the 
bank accounts and any interest accrued thereon; and 
(e) 
real estate mortgage notes with the initial aggregate principal amount of EUR 566,605,000 registered on 
Caruna Oy’s freehold properties existing as at the Signing Date. Pursuant to the security agreement, 
Caruna Oy is also required to grant security and register a real estate mortgage note over each 
mortgageable freehold property acquired by it after the Signing Date. The minimum amount of each new 
real estate mortgage shall be equal to the taxable value (or, where taxable value is not available, the 
repurchase value) of the freehold property in question multiplied by 100. The aggregate principal amount 
of the real estate mortgage notes pledged under the security agreement fluctuates from time to time, with 
potential releases of previously registered mortgage notes and the registration of new ones, and is not 
evidence of the actual value of the underlying freehold properties but rather an indication of the 
maximum amount of debt that can be effectively secured by the pledging of the respective mortgage 
notes. As at the date of this Prospectus, the aggregate principal amount of the real estate mortgage notes 
registered on Caruna Oy’s freehold properties is approximately EUR 692,236,600. 
Caruna Espoo – Finnish law security 
The security constituted by the security agreement to which Caruna Espoo is party is expressed to include 
security over: 
(a) 
each loan, advance, claim, receivable or outstanding amount owing from time to time by any other Group 
company incorporated in Finland to Caruna Espoo under any long-term intra-group loan agreement; 
(b) 
certain receivables it may have from insurance companies based on its insurances; 
(c) 
business mortgage notes evidencing the business mortgage with the aggregate principal amount of EUR 
2,220,000,000 registered on Caruna Espoo’s assets, that fall within the statutory scope of a business 
mortgage, including, without limitation, fixed and intangible assets, working capital and liquid assets 
but excluding pending tax refunds and any real property and excluding any securities and receivables 
that have been separately granted as security; 
(d) 
Caruna Espoo’s bank accounts, together with all amounts standing to the credit from time to time in the 
bank accounts and any interest accrued thereon; and 
(e) 
real estate mortgage notes with the initial aggregate principal amount of EUR 199,250,000 registered on 
Caruna Espoo’s freehold properties existing as at the Signing Date. Pursuant to the security agreement, 
Caruna Espoo is also required to grant security and register a real estate mortgage note over each 
mortgageable freehold property acquired by it after the Signing Date. The minimum amount of each new 
real estate mortgage shall be equal to the taxable value (or, where taxable value is not available, the 
repurchase value) of the freehold property in question multiplied by 100. The aggregate principal amount 
of the real estate mortgage notes pledged under the security agreement fluctuates from time to time with 
potential releases of previously registered mortgage notes and the registration of new ones, and is not 
evidence of the actual value of the underlying freehold properties but rather an indication of the 
maximum amount of debt that can be effectively secured by the pledging of the respective mortgage 
notes. As at the date of this Prospectus, the aggregate principal amount of the real estate mortgage notes 
registered on Caruna Espoo Oy’s freehold properties is approximately EUR 223,750,000.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
DutchCo – Finnish Share Pledge 
The security constituted by the security agreement to which DutchCo is party is expressed to include security 
over the shares held by DutchCo in its wholly-owned subsidiary Caruna Networks and any other future 
subsidiary incorporated in Finland for the obligations of DutchCo under its Guarantee of the obligations of 
Caruna Networks and each other member of the Borrower Security Group, other than the Parent. 
Discharge of Security upon a Permitted Disposal or Permitted Transaction 
Subject to the Borrower STID, in the event of a Permitted Disposal or a Permitted Transaction relating to the 
assets serving as Borrower Security under the Borrower Security Documents described above, the Borrower 
Security Trustee is authorised by each Borrower Secured Creditor and every other party to the Borrower STID, 
at the costs of the relevant Borrower Obligor to execute on behalf of itself, each Borrower Secured Creditor and 
every other relevant party all necessary releases of any Borrower Security in relation to such Permitted 
Transaction or Permitted Disposal by such Borrower Obligor. 
Governing law 
The Borrower Security Documents described above are governed by Finnish law. 
The Parent Share Pledge 
Parent and DutchCo – Security Over Shares 
Each of the Parent and DutchCo has entered into one Dutch law governed security agreement with the Borrower 
Security Trustee. Pursuant to this security agreement, the Parent will grant security over all its shares (and 
related dividend rights) in its wholly-owned subsidiary, DutchCo, in favour of the Borrower Security Trustee. 
This security agreement will secure each Borrower Obligors’ obligations under its “parallel debt”. The creation 
of the parallel debt is provided for in the Borrower Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed pursuant to which the 
Borrower Security Trustee becomes a creditor of all obligations and liabilities of each Borrower Obligor to any 
Borrower Secured Creditor. 
Governing law 
The Parent Share Pledge described above is governed by Dutch law.  
English Law Security Document 
General 
On the Signing Date, the Borrower Obligors entered into an English law governed Borrower Security 
Agreement in favour of the Borrower Security Trustee (for itself and for the Borrower Secured Creditors) in 
connection with the Borrower Finance Documents.  
Under this agreement, the Borrower Obligors, among other things, assign by way of security with full title 
guarantee and as security for the payment of the Borrower Secured Liabilities, all of the agreements to which 
they are a party (excluding Assignor-Related Rights) and the General Related Rights. The Borrower also, among 
other things, assign by way of security with full title guarantee and as security for the payment of its Assignor-
Related Secured Liabilities all of its Assignor-Related Rights and General Related Rights.  
Each Borrower Obligor, among other things as security for the payment of all Borrower Secured Liabilities, 
charges in favour of the Borrower Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the other Borrower Secured 
Creditors by way of first fixed charge, all the agreements (excluding the Assignor-Related Rights) to which it

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
is a party, the General Related Rights and, as security for the payment of its Assignor-Related Secured 
Liabilities, its Assignor-Related Rights and General Related Rights.  
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any Borrower Finance Document, the scope of the security 
interests, the Borrower Secured Liabilities and joint liabilities and indemnities shall be limited to the extent, 
and only to the extent, that the same would constitute unlawful distribution of a Borrower Obligor’s assets 
within the meaning of Chapter 13 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as 
amended, supplemented, re-enacted or renewed, the “Finnish Companies Act”) or unlawful financial 
assistance within the meaning of Chapter 13 Section 10 of the Finnish Companies Act or be otherwise in breach 
of other applicable mandatory provisions of Finnish law. In assessing whether these provisions are complied 
with, the following factors (among others) will be taken into consideration: 
(a) 
any amount paid by a Borrower Obligor on the basis of any guarantee, indemnity and other liabilities 
for the obligations of the other Borrower Obligors; 
(b) 
subordination by that Borrower Obligor, under the Borrower STID, of claims owed to it; and 
(c) 
any amount paid from proceeds of any Borrower Security granted by that Borrower Obligor. 
Assigned Agreements 
The agreements assigned by way of security consist of the Borrower’s right, title and interest from time to time 
in and to the Borrower Finance Documents to which it is party which are governed by English law and any of 
the following in relation thereto: 
(a) 
in respect of the Assignor-Related Rights: 
(i) 
any proceeds of sale, transfer or other disposal, lease, licence, sub-licence, or agreement for sale, 
transfer or other disposal, lease, licence or sub-licence of that Security Asset; 
(ii) 
any moneys or proceeds paid or payable deriving from that Security Asset; and 
(b) 
in respect of the General Related Rights: 
(i) 
any rights, claims, guarantees, indemnities, Security or covenants for title in relation to that 
Security Asset; 
(ii) 
any awards or judgments in favour of an assignor in relation to that Security Asset; and 
(iii) 
any other asset deriving from, or relating to the Security Asset. 
Enforcement of the Borrower Security Agreement 
Under the Borrower Security Agreement, the security created thereunder is enforceable upon the 
commencement of, and at any time during, an Enforcement Period. In accordance with the Borrower STID, 
such period begins upon the termination of a Standstill (other than pursuant to the granting of a waiver of the 
underlying default in accordance with the Borrower STID) until the earlier of the date on which all Borrower 
Secured Liabilities are discharged and the date on which the Borrower Security Trustee (acting in accordance 
with the instructions of the relevant Borrower Secured Creditors pursuant to the Borrower STID) notifies the 
Borrower that the Enforcement Period has ended. 
During such period, the Borrower Security Trustee shall, if instructed by any Borrower Secured Creditor, 
enforce all or any part of the Borrower Security in any manner it sees fit (to the fullest extent permitted under

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
applicable law), acting in accordance with the Borrower STID. Any proceeds received by the Borrower Security 
Trustee or by any receiver appointed by it pursuant to the Borrower Security Agreement must be applied by the 
Borrower Security Trustee towards satisfaction of the respective secured liabilities in the order of the Borrower 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, subject to the payment of any claims having priority to the security 
under the Borrower Security Agreement and to the rights of the Borrower Security Trustee and any receiver 
appointed in respect thereof and subject to the Borrower STID. 
Discharge of Security 
Subject to the Borrower STID, the Borrower Security shall be discharged when: (i) discharged in full and 
provided that none of the relevant Borrower Secured Creditors are under any further actual or contingent 
obligation to make advances or provide other financial accommodation under any of the Borrower Finance 
Documents; (ii) upon the occurrence of a Permitted Disposal or a Permitted Transaction, and at the costs of the 
relevant Borrower Obligor to execute on behalf of itself, each Borrower Secured Creditor and every other 
relevant party all necessary releases of any Borrower Security in relation to such Permitted Transaction or 
Permitted Disposal by such Borrower Obligor. 
At that point, the Borrower Security Trustee and each Borrower Secured Creditor shall, in the sole discretion 
of the Borrower Security Trustee, execute and do all such things as may be necessary to release the security 
created by the Borrower Security Agreement and to reassign to the relevant Borrower Obligor the assigned 
property thereunder. 
Governing law 
The Borrower Security Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law. 
INITIAL AUTHORISED CREDIT FACILITIES AGREEMENT 
In 2018, Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo, the Initial ACF Agent and the Initial ACF Arrangers, 
among others, entered into an amendment and restatement agreement which amended and restated the Initial 
Authorised Facilities Agreement. Credit facilities were made available to Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy and 
Caruna Espoo by the Initial ACF Lenders comprising of: 
(a) 
a term revolving facility of up to €350,000,000 (capable of being reborrowed as contemplated by the 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement) (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) to refinance Existing 
Indebtedness in the form of the Original Capex Facility, to fund the financing of capital expenditure or 
any obligation in respect of such expenditure, to fund certain Permitted Acquisitions (as further described 
in paragraphs (f) and (g) of the definition of “Permitted Acquisitions”, any costs and expenses associated 
therewith and refinance existing Financial Indebtedness of any company acquired in such Permitted 
Acquisition), and to fund general corporate and working capital purposes; and 
(b) 
a total Overdraft Facility commitment of up to a maximum amount of €30,000,000 to fund the working 
capital requirements of the Borrower Obligors and will be fully repayable on maturity (five years from 
the date of the amendment and restatement of the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement) with 
voluntary prepayment available at the Borrower’s option. 
Caruna Networks Oy has the option to extend the termination date of the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities up 
to the seventh anniversary of the date of the amendment and restatement of the Initial Authorised Credit 
Facilities Agreement.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
Each of Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo makes representations and warranties, covenants and 
undertakings to the Initial ACF Arrangers, the Initial ACF Lenders and the Initial ACF Agent on the terms set 
out in or otherwise permitted by the CTA. All utilisations under the Initial Authorised Credit Facility are subject 
to all representations and warranties in the CTA being true in all material respects. 
The Trigger Events under the CTA also apply under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement as 
discussed above. 
The Events of Default under the CTA also apply under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement, as set 
out above. 
The rights and obligations of the parties under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement are subject to 
the Borrower STID. The occurrence of an Event of Default is not a draw-stop in respect of any Rollover Loan. 
Any drawings under the Revolving Credit Facility which are outstanding at the time of the occurrence of an 
Event of Default will remain outstanding until the earlier of: (a) cancellation in full of such amounts; (b) all 
outstanding Utilisations under the Revolving Credit Facility have become due and payable; or (c) the date of 
termination of the Revolving Credit Facility. However, to the extent not related to Rollover Loans, the Initial 
ACF Lenders will not be obliged to fund drawings under the Revolving Credit Facility following the occurrence 
of an Event of Default which is continuing. Subject to the CTA and the Borrower STID, Caruna Networks, 
Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo may, by the Borrower Security Group Agent giving not less than five Business 
Days’ prior notice (or such shorter period as the Majority Lenders may agree) to the Initial ACF Agent, prepay 
amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility in a minimum amount of EUR 2,000,000. The 
Borrower Security Group Agent must confirm to the Initial ACF Agent that it has sufficient working capital 
facilities following any prepayment under the Revolving Credit Facility and overdraft facility. 
Governing law 
The Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by English law. 
ISSUER-BORROWER LOAN AGREEMENT (THE “IBLA”) 
It is recommended that recipients of this Prospectus refer to the website listed at the start of this Chapter, 
where they can find this Agreement in full. 
General 
On the Signing Date, the Issuer (as the “IBLA Creditor” under the IBLA) and Caruna Networks (as the 
“Borrower”) (among others) entered into the Issuer-Borrower Loan Agreement (the “IBLA”). All amounts 
raised by the Issuer through the Bonds, any PP Notes and any Authorised Issuer Institutional Loans are on-lent 
to the Borrower through the IBLA and used by the Borrower: (i) to refinance existing indebtedness; (ii) to pay 
fees, costs, expenses and taxes in relation to such refinancing; and (iii) for the general corporate purposes of the 
Borrower Security Group (including to make distributions and to finance the operation of and maintenance of 
the assets owned by the Caruna OpCos). Amounts owed to the Bondholders, PP Noteholders and the Authorised 
Issuer Institutional Loan Providers are serviced through the IBLA. The Issuer will, pursuant to the IBLA: 
(a) 
charge fees (including an upfront fee and facility fees) in addition to a margin; and 
(b) 
have the benefit of an indemnity from the Borrower in respect of certain expenses and other liabilities. 
All payments made under the IBLA are on arm’s length terms.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
Advances 
All amounts raised by the Issuer from time to time through the issue of Bonds, the issue of PP Notes or the 
borrowing of Authorised Issuer Institutional Loans will be lent to the Borrower by the Issuer under the IBLA. 
Indebtedness under the IBLA will be subdivided into an initial loan and further loans such that one or more 
loans when taken together will correspond in the aggregate to the principal amounts of, and in the same currency 
as, the relevant PP Notes and/or Tranche of Bonds and/or the relevant Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan. 
These advances are structured and tranched to match the tenor, interest rate, currency and payment dates of 
each PP Note, Tranche of Bonds and the relevant Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan. The loans have 
characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payment due and payable under the 
Bonds, PP Notes and the relevant Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan. Unless repaid earlier, each loan shall be 
paid in full on such date and by such time as required by the Issuer to enable it to repay any corresponding 
Bonds or institutional debt in full on the debt’s corresponding repayment date for the corresponding Bonds or 
institutional debt. 
Further, the IBLA provides that each loan under the IBLA shall bear interest on its principal amount outstanding 
at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable on the Bonds or institutional debt. Such interest shall 
be payable by the Borrower in arrear, on such date and by such time as is required to enable the Issuer to make 
payments of interest under the relevant Bonds, PP Notes and/or the Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan. The 
number of days in each period for which interest payable on any loan under the IBLA (a “Loan Interest 
Period”) is calculated shall match any equivalent provisions in the terms and conditions of the Bonds, PP Notes 
or the Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan (as applicable). 
The Borrower will make payments free and clear of any withholding on account of tax unless it is required by 
law to do so. In such circumstances, the Borrower will gross up such payments to the Issuer. 
Prepayment 
Prepayment by the Borrower is mandatory where the Issuer elects, or is required, to redeem any Bonds, any PP 
Notes or prepay any Authorised Issuer Institutional Loans. In such a case, the Issuer shall provide the Borrower 
with no less than five Business Days’ written notice after which the Borrower shall prepay an amount equal to 
the principal amount outstanding of the Bonds and/or PP Notes to be redeemed and the Authorised Issuer 
Institutional Debt (if any) to be prepaid. 
The Borrower shall make any such prepayment of principal on such date and by such time as the Issuer may 
specify in order to enable it to redeem the Bonds, the PP Notes or any Authorised Issuer Institutional Loans in 
accordance with their applicable terms and conditions. 
At the time of making any repayment or prepayment outlined above, the Borrower shall additionally pay to the 
Issuer the following other amounts: 
(a) 
all interest accrued on the loan or part of the loan made by the Issuer to the Borrower under the IBLA to 
be paid back; 
(b) 
all fees, costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor under the 
IBLA) in prepaying the corresponding debt, including any make-whole or other amounts; and 
(c) 
all other amounts then due and payable by the Borrower under the IBLA in respect of the loan to be paid 
back.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
Fees 
In consideration for the Issuer agreeing to make the loans available under the IBLA, the Borrower has agreed 
to pay to the Issuer a number of fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Issuer an upfront fee not less than five 
Business Days prior to any further drawdown, such sum as is sufficient to allow the Issuer to discharge any 
costs, expenses, fees and commissions incurred in connection with the issue of Bonds, the issue of the PP Notes 
or the borrowing of any Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan (the “Upfront Fees”). 
The Borrower will also pay to the Issuer on each IBLA Loan interest payment date an amount equal to the fees 
payable (reflecting the expenses of the Issuer) in connection with the issue of such Bonds or PP Notes or the 
borrowing of any Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan. 
Additionally, the Borrower shall pay the Issuer a fee in connection with any Issuer Liquidity Facility a sum 
sufficient in order for the Issuer to discharge: 
(a) 
the principal and interest in respect of a drawing under the Issuer Liquidity Facility or a Standby Drawing 
thereunder; 
(b) 
the commitment fee payable in respect of the Issuer Liquidity Facility; and 
(c) 
any increased costs payable in accordance with the Issuer Liquidity Facility, 
together, the “Liquidity Fees”. Where any amounts other than paragraphs (a) to (c) above become payable by 
the Issuer to any Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider, the Borrower shall pay to the Issuer a sum sufficient for 
those amounts to be discharged (the “Subordinated Liquidity Fee”). 
FATCA 
Each of the parties to the IBLA may make any FATCA deduction it is required to make by FATCA (a “FATCA 
Deduction”), and any payment required in connection with that FATCA Deduction, and no party shall be 
required to increase any payment in respect of which it makes such a FATCA Deduction or otherwise 
compensate the recipient of the payment for that FATCA Deduction. 
Each of the parties to the IBLA shall promptly upon becoming aware that it must make a FATCA Deduction (or 
that there is any change in the rate or the basis of such a FATCA Deduction) notify the party to whom it is 
making the payment. 
The IBLA also requires each of the parties thereto to provide certain information to the other parties in order to 
comply with their reporting obligations under FATCA. Accordingly, each of the parties to the IBLA shall, within 
10 Business Days of a reasonable request by another party: 
(a) 
confirm to that other party whether it is or is not an exempt party for the purposes of FATCA; 
(b) 
supply to that other party information relating to its status under FATCA as that other party reasonably 
requests for the purposes of that other party’s compliance with FATCA; and 
(c) 
supply to that other party such information relating to its status as that other party reasonably requests 
for the purposes of that other party’s compliance with any other law, regulation or exchange of 
information regime. 
The parties to the IBLA shall reasonably promptly notify each other if they become aware of any changes to 
their status in respect of FATCA.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
Notwithstanding the obligations of each of the parties under the IBLA to supply any information relating to 
FATCA, no party shall be obliged to do anything and shall not oblige any other party to do anything: (a) to the 
extent that any such form, documentation or other information (or the information required to be provided on 
such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to such party and cannot be obtained by such party 
using reasonable efforts; or (b) which would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of: (i) any 
law or regulation; (ii) any fiduciary duty; or (iii) any duty of confidentiality. 
If any of the parties fails to confirm whether or not it is an exempt party for the purposes of FATCA or to supply 
any relevant information requested in accordance with the IBLA, then such party shall be treated for the 
purposes of the Issuer Finance Documents (and payments under them) as if it is not an exempt party for the 
purposes of FATCA until such time as the party in question provides the requested information. 
Covenants 
Under the IBLA, the Issuer has agreed to be bound by a number of covenants, both positive and negative in 
nature. These covenants will continue to apply for so long as any IBLA Creditor Secured Liabilities are 
outstanding. 
The Issuer covenants that it shall not do any act or thing that will make it resident for tax purposes in any 
jurisdiction other than Ireland. At all times, the Issuer undertakes to carry out its business in accordance with 
all of its constitutive documents and all laws and regulations that apply to it. The Issuer shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to ensure it maintains a credit rating from at least one Rating Agency, respond to all reasonable 
requests for information in relation to such a rating and to inform the Borrower of any changes to the Issuer’s 
rating or that of the Bonds. 
The Borrower has also agreed to be bound by certain covenants, specifically related to disclosure of information. 
Payment mechanics 
Where the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor under the IBLA) receives an invoice relating to any amount which the 
Borrower is required to pay in connection with the IBLA, and the Borrower is obliged to reimburse such sum, 
the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor under the IBLA) shall provide the Borrower with not more than eight Business 
Days’ but not less than three Business Days’ prior written notice of the date such sum is payable and the 
circumstances giving rise to its being payable. It shall attach a copy of the invoice to the notice and specify the 
date it requires payment by, so that the invoice may be settled in a timely manner, and the amount it requires to 
discharge the sum in full. The Borrower will then make payment to the Issuer (as the IBLA Creditor under the 
IBLA) in accordance with this notice or will settle the invoice directly before or on the date that sums due under 
it become payable. 
Governing law 
The IBLA and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English 
law. 
BORROWER LIQUIDITY FACILITY AGREEMENT 
Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo (together, the “LF Borrowers”) entered into the Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Agreement on the Signing Date, and is subject to amendment from time to time. 
Under the terms of the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Borrower Liquidity Facility Providers make 
available a five-year committed multicurrency revolving credit facility (which may be renewed) in an aggregate

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
amount specified in the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement for the purpose of covering any LF Borrower’s 
funding shortfall where it is unable to service amounts payable in respect of the Borrower Finance Documents 
and certain other payments due to the Borrower Secured Creditors, including amounts due under certain hedging 
agreements. 
Each Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider must have a long term rating equal to or higher than the Minimum 
Long Term-Rating. Each Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider will be a Borrower Secured Creditor and a party 
to the Borrower STID, the Common Terms Agreement and the Master Definitions Agreement. 
The Borrower Liquidity Facility will not be available to be drawn if a Borrower LF Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing. Following delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Initial Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agent may, by notice in writing to the affected Borrower (copied to the other LF Borrowers) and the Borrower 
Security Trustee, declare all outstanding drawings immediately due and payable and/or cancel the commitments 
of each Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider. 
The Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement provides that if: (i) at any time the rating of any Borrower Liquidity 
Facility Provider falls below the Minimum Long-Term Rating; or (ii) the relevant Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Provider does not agree to renew its commitment under the Liquidity Facility prior to the expiry of the relevant 
availability period: 
(a) 
the Cash Manager will use all reasonable endeavours to replace the relevant Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Provider with a successor Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider, a substitute Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Provider or, in the case of (i) above only, a guarantor of such Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider with 
the Minimum Long-Term Rating; and 
(b) 
(if a replacement is not made within the relevant time period specified in the Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement) the LF Borrowers (or the Cash Manager on their behalf) will be entitled to require such 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider to pay into the relevant Borrower Liquidity Standby Account the 
full amount of the relevant Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider’s undrawn commitment (a “Standby 
Drawing”). 
Governing law 
The Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by English law. 
BORROWER HEDGING AGREEMENTS 
Members of the Borrower Security Group may enter into various interest rate, inflation-linked and currency 
swap transactions with the Borrower Hedge Counterparties in compliance with the Borrower Hedging Policy, 
as outlined above.  
Governing law 
The Borrower Hedging Agreements and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by English law.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
BORROWER ACCOUNT BANK AGREEMENT 
General 
The Borrower Security Group has established the Operating Accounts which are held with the Borrower 
Account Bank pursuant to the Borrower Account Bank Agreement dated on or about the Signing Date between, 
among others, Caruna Networks, the Parent, DutchCo, Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy, the Borrower 
Account Bank, the Borrower Security Trustee and the Borrower Standstill Cash Manager.  
A Borrower Liquidity Standby Account and/or a Debt Service Reserve Account (together with the Operating 
Accounts, the “Borrower Accounts”) may also be opened and maintained with the Borrower Account Bank 
under the Borrower Account Bank Agreement. Any Borrower Liquidity Standby Account will be operated by 
the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agent in accordance with the terms of the Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement. 
Upon receipt by the Borrower Account Bank of notice of the commencement of a Standstill Period and until 
such Standstill Period is terminated in accordance with the terms of the Borrower STID, the Borrower Account 
Bank shall act on the instructions of the Borrower Standstill Cash Manager in relation to the Borrower Accounts. 
Following delivery of an Acceleration Notice to the Borrower Account Bank, the Borrower Account Bank will 
act on the instructions of the Borrower Security Trustee in relation to the Borrower Accounts. 
Termination 
The Borrower Account Bank may resign its appointment upon not less than 120 days’ notice to the Borrower 
Security Group Agent and each Cash Manager (copied to the Borrower Security Trustee and the Borrower 
Standstill Cash Manager), provided that: 
(a) 
if such resignation would otherwise take effect less than 30 days before or after the date upon which the 
Borrower Security created under the Borrower Security Documents is released, or any Payment Date, it 
shall not take effect until the 30th day following such date; and 
(b) 
such resignation shall not take effect until a substitute Borrower Account Bank has been duly appointed. 
The Borrower Security Group may jointly revoke their appointment of the Borrower Account Bank by not less 
than 30 days’ notice to the Borrower Account Bank (with a copy to the Borrower Security Trustee and the 
Borrower Standstill Cash Manager), provided that such revocation shall not take effect until a substitute 
Borrower Account Bank with the requisite credit rating has been duly appointed. Furthermore the appointment 
of the Borrower Account Bank will terminate automatically if an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the 
Borrower Account Bank. 
Governing law 
The Borrower Account Bank Agreement and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by English law. 
EIB FACILITY 
In 2016, Caruna Networks Oy entered into the EIB Facility with the European Investment Bank in connection 
with its project of reinforcing its distribution network in Finland to enhance the security of supply of electricity. 
The project is a programme aimed at modernising, upgrading and extending Caruna Networks Oy’s electricity 
distribution network. In 2018, the EIB agreed to enter into a further facility with Caruna Networks Oy, providing

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
credit to Caruna Networks Oy in an amount of EUR 100,000,000 in connection with the above-mentioned 
project. 
Governing law 
The EIB Facility and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
English law. 
NIB FACILITY 
Caruna Networks Oy entered into the NIB Facility with the NIB in connection with the financing of investments 
in electricity distribution grid refurbishment during 2017 and 2018 in order to enhance the reliability of the 
grid’s supply of electricity. The aim of the investments is to meet the higher regulatory requirements on the 
reliability of supply and strengthen the ageing network to meet the future electricity usage patterns. Under the 
NIB Facility, the NIB agreed to provide a loan to Caruna Networks Oy in an amount of EUR 150,000,000 in 
connection with the above-mentioned investments. 
Governing law 
The NIB Facility and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
English law.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
CHAPTER 16 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General  
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They are not intended to 
be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice and are included below solely for information 
purposes. They assume that there will be no substitution of the Issuer or further issues of securities that will 
form a single series with the Bonds (notwithstanding that such substitution or further issuance may be permitted 
by the terms and conditions of the Bonds), and do not address the consequences of any such substitution or 
further issue. Any investors and prospective investors in the Bonds who are in doubt as to their own tax position 
should consult their professional advisers. In particular, investors and prospective investors in the Bonds should 
be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where they are resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as 
well as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the 
Bonds including in respect of any income received from the Bonds. 
Irish Taxation  
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland at the date of this Base 
Prospectus of certain Irish tax consequences for investors on the purchase, ownership, transfer, disposal, 
redemption or sale of the Bonds. Such laws and practices are subject to change, which changes may apply with 
retrospective effect. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant. The summary only relates to the tax position of investors beneficially 
owning the Bonds. Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding the Bonds (for example, 
dealers in Bonds, etc.). The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a 
general nature only. Prospective investors in the Bonds should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, transfer, redemption, disposal or sale of the Bonds and the receipt of 
interest thereon under the laws of Ireland as well as under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship 
and/or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest, which should include interest payable on the Bonds. 
Subject to the discussion below, the Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Bond so long as the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the Bonds are quoted Eurobonds, i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as the Issuer), 
which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and which carry a right to 
interest; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland 
either: 
(i) 
the Bonds are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners (DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Bonds and the return payable on the Bonds is not 
resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located 
in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Thus, subject to the discussion below, so long as the Bonds continue to be quoted on a recognised stock 
exchange and are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, interest on the 
Bonds can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer free of any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of Irish income tax. If the Bonds continue to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised 
clearing system, interest on the Bonds may be paid without any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a paying agent outside Ireland. If the Bonds are not, 
or cease to be, quoted on a recognised stock exchange withholding tax at a rate of 20% will be required to be 
withheld on interest paid on the relevant Bonds unless the relevant Bondholders are Qualifying Holders (as 
defined in Chapter 10 (“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”) under “Taxation"). 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Bonds which are profit dependent or any part of which exceeds a 
reasonable commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a non-
deductible distribution and so be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain circumstances. However, this 
should not apply on the basis of a confirmation by the Issuer that, at the time the Bonds were issued, the Issuer 
was not in possession or aware of any information, including information about any arrangement or 
understanding in relation to ownership of the Bonds after that time, which could reasonably be taken to indicate 
that interest or other distributions paid on the Bonds would not be subject, without reduction computed by 
reference to the amount of such interest or other distribution, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally 
applies to profits, income or gains received in that relevant territory by persons from sources outside that 
relevant territory, where the term “relevant territory” means a member state of the European Union (other than 
Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty. 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest on any Bonds where such interest 
is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Bondholder. There is an 
exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has 
made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial 
owner of the interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Bonds, provided 
the Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of section 110 of the TCA and the proceeds of the Bonds 
are used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Bonds and is a summary of the Issuer’s 
understanding of current United Kingdom tax law as applied in England and Wales and HM Revenue & 
Customs practice (which may or may not be binding on HM Revenue & Customs), in each case as at the latest 
date practicable before the date of this Prospectus, relating only to United Kingdom withholding tax treatment 
of payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bonds. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom 
taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Bonds. It assumes that the interest on the Bonds 
does not have a United Kingdom source and, in particular, that the Issuer is neither United Kingdom resident

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
nor acts through a permanent establishment in the United Kingdom in relation to the Bonds. It does not relate 
to any further issuance of the same series of Bonds. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective 
Bondholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Bondholders 
and prospective Bondholders should seek their own professional advice as to the United Kingdom tax 
consequences of holding and disposing of Bonds and receiving payments of principal or interest in respect of 
the Bonds. 
References in this part to “interest” shall mean amounts that are treated as interest for the purposes of United 
Kingdom taxation. 
Interest on the Bonds 
Payments of interest on the Bonds by the Issuer may be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of United Kingdom income tax. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements (any such withholding being “FATCA 
Withholding”). The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of these rules to instruments such as the Bonds, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Bonds, is not clear at this time. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Bonds, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that 
such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In 
the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Bonds that are not treated as 
equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and have a fixed term that are issued on or prior to the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA Withholding on foreign 
passthru payments unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
Issuer). However, if additional bonds (as described under Condition 17 (Further Issues)) that are not 
distinguishable from outstanding Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Bonds that cannot be 
distinguished from each other as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Bonds. The Issuer’s obligations under 
the Bonds are discharged once it has made payment to, or to the order of, the Common Depositary or Common 
Safekeeper, as the holder of the Bonds, and the Issuer therefore has no responsibility for any amount thereafter 
transmitted through the clearing systems, custodians or other intermediaries.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
CHAPTER 17 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V. 
and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and any other dealer appointed from time to time in respect of 
the Programme or a particular Issue Date (the “Dealers”) pursuant to the dealer agreement dated on or before 
the date of this Prospectus as amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to time, made between, 
among others, the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”). The arrangements under 
which a particular Tranche of Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased 
by, Dealers are set out in the Dealer Agreement and the subscription agreements relating to each Tranche of 
Bonds. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Bonds, the price at which such Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series or Tranche of Bonds. 
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse each of the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and maintenance of the Programme and the issue of Bonds under the Dealer 
Agreement and the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions of the United States of America 
Selling Restrictions 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws or “blue sky” 
laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction of the United States. The Bonds may include 
Bearer Bonds that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered or sold, or in the 
case of Bearer Bonds, delivered, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable state or local securities laws. The Bonds are intended to be sold as exempt from, or not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Bonds, deliver, 
Bonds: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of an identifiable Tranche of which such Bonds are a part (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), 
as determined and certified to the Issuing and Paying Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an identifiable 
Tranche of Bonds sold to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to Bonds of

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
an identifiable Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case, the Issuing and Paying Agent shall notify 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Bonds during the Distribution Compliance 
Period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of Bonds within the United 
States by any dealer (that is not participating in the offering of such Tranche of Bonds) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Bonds are being offered and sold outside the United States in an offshore transaction to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S. This Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Bonds outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer 
to purchase the Bonds, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to 
any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, is prohibited. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Bonds outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of 
such Bonds in resales prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, by accepting delivery of 
this Prospectus and the Bonds, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
it is, or at the time Bonds are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Bonds and: (i) it is not a 
U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S); (ii) it is not 
acting for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person; and (iii) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person 
acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(b) 
it understands that such Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, 
prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it will not offer, sell, pledge, otherwise 
transfer, or, in the case of Bearer Bonds, deliver such Bonds except in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case, in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States; 
(c) 
it understands that the Issuer has not been registered under the Investment Company Act and if the Bonds 
are resold in the United States or to a U.S. person in a transaction exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, the Bonds may only be sold to U.S. persons who are 
qualified purchasers (as defined in section 2(A)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act); 
(d) 
it understands that such Bonds, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend to the following: 
“THIS BOND HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH 
ANY 
SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
OF ANY 
STATE 
OR 
OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE BONDS MAY INCLUDE BEARER 
BONDS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE BONDS MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD PLEDGED, 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, OR, IN THE CASE OF BEARER BONDS, DELIVERED, 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT). IF THIS 
BOND IS RESOLD IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IT MAY NOT BE OFFERED 
OR SOLD TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT TO 
QUALIFIED PURCHASERS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE UNITED 
STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED, AND THE RULES AND 
REGULATIONS THEREUNDER)”; and 
(e) 
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their Affiliates, and others will rely upon the 
truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:  
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”); and 
 
(b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
i. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or  
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or  
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA, and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
Belgian Selling Restrictions 
The offering of the Bonds is exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and 
therefore it has not been and will not be notified to, and the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
relating to the Bonds has not been and will not be approved by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers). 
The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold to or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available in Belgium to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law. Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold 
or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law. 
Bearer securities (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in bearer form 
underlying the Bonds) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005 regarding the abolition of bearer securities. 
French Selling Restrictions 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Bonds in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause 
to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Bonds to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Bonds 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Irish Selling Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented to and agreed with the Issuer that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Bonds, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), 
and any codes of conduct or rules issued in connection therewith and any conditions or requirements, or 
other enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended) and the Investment Intermediaries Act of 1995 (as amended);  
(b) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Bonds, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made 
under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended), the Central Bank (Investment 
Market Conduct) Rules 2019 (S.I. No. 366 of 2019) and any regulations made pursuant to Part 8 of the 
Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Bonds, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) and any rules and 
guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) by the Central Bank;  
(d) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Bonds, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016, Regulation (EU) 596/2014, the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse 
(EU) 2014/57 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Irish 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank. 
Finnish Selling Restrictions  
The Bonds may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of Finland or any 
person domiciled in the Republic of Finland, and this Prospectus may not be distributed or forwarded in or into

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
the Republic of Finland, except pursuant to applicable Finnish laws and regulations. Specifically, the Bonds 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Finland as defined in the 
Finnish Securities Market Act (746/2012), as amended. This Prospectus may not be distributed or forwarded in 
or into the Republic of Finland, other than: (i) to a limited number of fewer than one hundred fifty pre-selected 
investors; (ii) to an unlimited number of qualified investors as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129); or (iii) provided that the Bonds may only be acquired for a consideration of not 
less than EUR 100,000 or in denominations of not less than EUR 100,000 per investor, and provided that the 
offering of the Bonds does not constitute a public offering of securities as defined in the Finnish Securities 
Market Act. This Prospectus has not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer, distribute or sell in or into Finland any Bonds 
other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland, including the Finnish Securities 
Market Act and any regulation issued thereunder, as well as the regulations and guidelines issued by the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority, as supplemented and amended from time to time.  
This Prospectus is for the recipient only and may not in any way be forwarded to any other person or to the 
public in Finland. 
Norwegian Selling Restrictions 
This Prospectus has not been produced in accordance with the prospectus requirements laid down in the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 (in Norwegian: lov om verdipapirhandel av 29. juni 2007 
nr. 75), as amended. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer 
or the Bonds has been approved by, or registered with, the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finanstilsynet). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Bonds have not been and will not be offered or 
sold to the public in Norway, or otherwise offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Norway 
other than in compliance with the provisions of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act or any other laws 
applicable in Norway governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Bonds denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the 
Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless the Bonds are registered with the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) or 
another securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the Norwegian Financial 
Supervisory Authority as being entitled to register such Bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014. Each 
purchaser of Bonds denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed that such Bonds may not be offered or resold within the Kingdom of Norway or to or 
for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, except in circumstances where such registration requirement has been 
observed. 
This Prospectus is for the recipient only and may not in any way be forwarded to any other person or to the 
public in Norway. 
Swedish Selling Restrictions 
The distribution of this Prospectus is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to any person in Sweden to buy the 
Bonds and may not be forwarded to any other person or to the public in Sweden. This Prospectus has not been

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
and will not be registered with or approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen), pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Accordingly, this Prospectus may not be made available, nor may the Bonds otherwise be marketed and/or 
offered for sale in Sweden, other than in circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of a 
prospectus pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Swiss Selling Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
the Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland;  
(b) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any 
Bonds (x) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (y) has been or 
will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA;  
(c) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material relating to any 
Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland; and 
(d) 
no key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) FinSA (or any 
equivalent document under the FinSA) has been or will be prepared in relation to any Bonds and, 
therefore, any Bonds with a derivative character within the meaning of article 86(2) of the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning 
of the FinSA in Switzerland.  
General 
Save for obtaining the approval of the Prospectus by the Central Bank for the Bonds to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, no action has 
been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material, in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all applicable 
laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Bonds or have in their possession or distribute the Prospectus or any other offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific country or jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
in the official interpretation, after the date of the Dealer Agreement, of applicable laws and regulations, no 
longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (in the case of a supplement 
or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Bonds) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
CHAPTER 18 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, and the issue of Bonds have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Issuer passed at meetings of the Board held on 26 January 2016 and 
on 10 May 2023. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Bonds. 
Listing of Bonds 
It is expected that each Series of Bonds which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global 
Bond or Bonds initially representing the Bonds of such Series. The listing of the Programme in respect of Bonds 
was granted on the date of this Prospectus. 
However, Bonds may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and 
the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available   
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Bonds shall be outstanding, copies of the following 
documents listed at (a) to (d) below may be inspected in electronic form on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents and copies of the following documents 
listed at (e) to (y) below will be listed on the website of Caruna Networks at https://caruna.fi/en/about-
us/investors/financing:   
(a) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(b) 
any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus relating to Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Bonds 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Bondholders; 
(c) 
Audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon; 
(d) 
Audited financial statements for the 12 months ended 31 December 2019 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon; 
(e) 
the Trust Deed;  
(f) 
the Issuer STID; 
(g) 
the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(h) 
the Issuer Security Agreement;

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(j) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(k) 
the Constitution of the Issuer;  
(l) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(m) 
the Master Definitions Agreement; 
(n) 
the Borrower STID; 
(o) 
each Finnish Security Agreement; 
(p) 
the Parent Share Pledge; 
(q) 
each Investor Report; 
(r) 
the Memorandum of Association and the Articles of Association of the Borrower;  
(s) 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement; 
(t) 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(u) 
the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(v) 
the IBLA; 
(w) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
(x) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon; and  
(y) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon.  
Transparency Directive 
Under the terms of the Issuer STID, the Issuer is required, if it is impracticable or unduly burdensome to 
maintain the admission of all listed Bonds to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, to use reasonable 
endeavours to procure and maintain an alternative listing. Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 15 December 2004 on the harmonisation of transparency requirements in relation to 
information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market came into force on 20 
January 2005 and as amended and restated from time to time (the “Transparency Directive”).  
Clearing Systems 
The Bonds will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
Common Code and ISIN for each Series of Bonds to be allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. If the Bonds are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Caruna Group since 31 December 
2022, and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2021 or the Caruna Group since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
The Issuer confirms that there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer. 
The Caruna Group confirms in respect of each member of the Caruna Group that there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Caruna Group is aware) which may have or have had in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Caruna Group. 
Availability of Financial Statements 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Bonds shall be outstanding, the following documents 
will be available, upon request, free of charge and in electronic form, from the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents: 
(a) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2017 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group53 together with the auditor’s report thereon; 
(b) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2018 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
(c) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2019 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
(d) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
(e) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
(f) 
Audited consolidated financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 of Caruna Networks 
Oy in respect of the Caruna Group together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
 
53 For the 12 months ended 31 December 2017, the Caruna Group included Caruna Networks, Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy, Caruna 
Networks Espoo Oy, Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
(g) 
Audited financial accounts for the financial period from 21 September 2015 to 31 December 2016 of the 
Issuer, together with the auditor’s report thereon;  
(h) 
Audited financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2017 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon; 
(i) 
Audited financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2018 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon;  
(j) 
Audited financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2019 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon;  
(k) 
Audited financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon; and  
(l) 
Audited financial accounts for the 12 months ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer, together with the 
auditor’s report thereon. 
In addition, a copy of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to the 
Bonds which are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will also be available on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/22315/documents). 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Caruna Group are Deloitte Oy (the “Borrower Auditors”) of Salmisaarenaukio 2, 00180 
Helsinki, Finland, which is registered to carry out audit work in Finland by the Finnish Patent and Registration 
Office.  
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte Ireland LLP (the “Issuer Auditors”) of Earlsfort Terrace, Hatch Street 
& Hardwicke House, Dublin 2, Ireland, which is registered to carry out audit work by the Professional Standards 
Department of Chartered Accountants Ireland.  
Legend 
Global Bonds and Bearer Bonds and any Receipts, Talons and Coupons appertaining thereto will bear a legend 
substantially to the following effect: “Any U.S. person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code.” The sections referred to in such legend provide that a U.S. person who holds such 
a Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or redemption of such Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised 
as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Information in respect of the Bonds 
The Issue Price and the amount of the relevant Bonds will be determined, before filing of relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus of each Tranche of Bonds, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer 
does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Bonds; however, see the 
requirement to deliver an Investor Report in accordance with the Borrower STID.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its Affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their Affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its Affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their Affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
Affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their Affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their Affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Bonds 
issued under the Programme or whether a specified barrier or level is reached. The Dealers and their Affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP and the address of its registered office is 75 St. 
Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2, Ireland. Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing 
agent for the Issuer in connection with the Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Bonds to the Official 
List or to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market. 
Interests of the Arranger and Dealers 
The Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer, the Caruna Group and/or their Affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Caruna Group 
or their Affiliates. Certain Arrangers and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Caruna Group routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Caruna Group consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of the Bonds or whether a specified barrier or level is reached. The 
Arranger and/or the Dealers and/or their Affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
Language of this Prospectus 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
CHAPTER 19 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS  
 
Acceleration Notice 
means a notice delivered by the Borrower Security Trustee or the 
Issuer Security Trustee (as the case may be) pursuant to the 
Borrower STID or the Issuer STID (as the case may be) by which 
the Borrower Security Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee (as 
the case may be) declares that some or all Borrower Secured Debt 
or Issuer Secured Debt (as the case may be) shall be accelerated. 
Accession Memorandum 
means: 
(a) with respect to the Borrower STID, each memorandum to be 
entered into pursuant to the Borrower STID; 
(b) with respect to the Common Terms Agreement, each 
memorandum to be entered into pursuant to the Common 
Terms Agreement and which is substantially in the form set 
out in the Common Terms Agreement; and 
(c) with respect to the Issuer STID, each memorandum to be 
entered into pursuant to the Issuer STID. 
Accounting Standards 
means generally accepted accounting principles in Finland or, to 
the extent the Parent delivers Financial Statements in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement, the Netherlands, as at the 
date of the MDA, including IFRS. 
ACER 
means the Agency for the co-operation of Energy Regulators. 
ACF Arranger 
means an arranger under an Authorised Credit Facility. 
ACM 
means asbestos-containing materials. 
Act on Competition and Consumer 
Agency 
means the Act on Competition and Consumer Agency (661/2012, 
as amended) (Laki kilpailu- ja kuluttajavirastosta). 
Act on Redemption of Real Estates and 
Special Rights 
means the Act on Redemption of Real Estates and Special Rights 
(603/1977, as amended) (Laki kiinteän omaisuuden ja erityisten 
oikeuksien lunastamisesta). 
Act on Supervision of Electricity and 
Natural Gas Markets 
means the Act on Supervision of Electricity and Natural Gas 
Markets 
(590/2013, 
as 
amended) 
(Laki 
sähkö- 
ja 
maakaasumarkkinoiden valvonnasta). 
Act on the Energy Authority 
means the Act on the Energy Authority (870/2013, as amended) 
(Laki energiavirastosta). 
Additional Borrower Secured Creditor 
means any person not already a Borrower Secured Creditor which 
becomes a Borrower Secured Creditor pursuant to the provisions 
of the Borrower STID and which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall 
not be an Additional Borrower Subordinated Creditor or an 
Additional Borrower Subordinated Intragroup Creditor.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
Additional Borrower Subordinated 
Creditor 
means a new Borrower Subordinated Creditor who accedes to the 
Borrower STID and delivers an Accession Memorandum, in each 
case, in accordance with the Borrower STID. 
Additional Borrower Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor 
means a new Borrower Subordinated Intragroup Creditor who 
accedes to the Borrower STID in accordance with the Borrower 
STID and delivers an Accession Memorandum in accordance with 
the Borrower STID. 
Additional Issuer Secured Creditor 
means any person not already an Issuer Secured Creditor which 
becomes an Issuer Secured Creditor pursuant to the provisions of 
the Issuer STID. 
Adjourned Voting Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 165 of this Prospectus. 
Administrator 
means Maples Fiduciary Services (Ireland) Limited. 
Affected Borrower Secured Creditor(s) 
means each Borrower Secured Creditor who is affected by an 
Entrenched Right. 
Affected Issuer Secured Creditor(s) 
means each Issuer Secured Creditor who is affected by an 
Entrenched Right. 
Affiliate 
means, in relation to a person, a Subsidiary or a holding company 
of a person or any other Subsidiary of that holding company (other 
than in any Hedging Agreement when used in relation to a Hedge 
Counterparty, where Affiliate has the meaning given to it in that 
Hedging Agreement). 
Affiliate Borrower 
means an Affiliate of a Borrower that becomes a borrower of an 
ancillary facility with the approval of the relevant ancillary lender 
and which is not a Guarantor; 
Agency Agreement 
means the agreement dated on or about 29 January 2016 
Prospectus pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Calculation Agent and Transfer Agents in relation to all or any 
Tranche of Bonds, and any other agreement for the time being in 
force appointing further or other Paying Agents, or Transfer 
Agents or any other Paying Agent, Account Bank, Calculation 
Agent or Registrar in relation to all or any Tranches of Bonds, or 
in connection with their duties, unless permitted under the Agency 
Agreement, where necessary with the prior written approval of the 
Bond Trustee, together with any agreement for the time being in 
force amending or modifying any of the aforesaid agreements. 
Agent 
means each of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar, 
the Issuer Cash Manager, the Issuer Account Bank or any other 
agent appointed by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
or a Calculation Agency Agreement, and “Agents” means all of 
them.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
Agent Bank 
means, in relation to the Bonds of any relevant Tranche, the bank 
initially appointed as agent bank in relation to such Bonds by the 
Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement or, if applicable, any 
successor agent bank in relation to such Bonds. 
Aggregate Available Liquidity 
means the sum of the aggregate commitments under the Issuer 
Liquidity Facility Agreement or Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement (as applicable) and the balance (if any) on the Issuer 
Debt Service Reserve Accounts or Debt Service Reserve 
Accounts (as applicable) at such relevant Calculation Date. 
AIFMD 
means Directive 2006/48/EC, as the same is referenced in 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
and Amending Directives 2003/41/EC and 2009/65/EC and 
Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 1095/2010. 
AIFMR 
means the Commission Delegated Regulation No 231/2013 of 19 
December 2012 supplementing Directive 2011/61/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council with regard to 
exemptions, general operating conditions, depositaries, leverage, 
transparency and supervision. 
AMF 
means AMF Pensionsförsäkring AB. 
AMM 
means Automatic Meter Management. 
Annual Financial Statements 
means the financial statements delivered to the Borrower Secured 
Creditors by each relevant Borrower Obligor pursuant to the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
Arranger 
means NatWest Markets N.V. 
Assignor-Related Rights 
means, in relation to any Security Asset: 
(a) any moneys or proceeds paid or payable deriving from that 
Security Asset; 
(b) any proceeds of sale, transfer or other disposal, lease, 
licence, sub-licence, or agreement for sale, transfer or other 
disposal, lease, licence or sub-licence, of that Security Asset. 
Assignor-Related Secured Liabilities 
means all present and/or future obligations and liabilities, of 
whatever nature, of each Borrower Obligor under the Borrower 
Finance Documents (other than any liabilities for the obligations 
of the other Borrower Obligors) towards the Borrower Secured 
Creditors, or any of them, under or pursuant to all or any of the 
Borrower Finance Documents to which that Borrower Obligor is 
a party, including all costs, charges and expenses incurred by any 
of the Borrower Secured Creditors in connection with the 
protection, preservation or enforcement of their respective rights 
under the Borrower Finance Documents. 
Auditors 
means:

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
(a) Deloitte Oy or such other independent public accountants of 
international standing which may be appointed by the 
Borrower Obligors in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement as the Auditors for the Borrower Security Group; 
or 
(b) Deloitte Ireland LLP or such other independent public 
accountants of international standing which may be 
appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the Issuer STID 
as the Auditors for the Issuer. 
Authorised Credit Facility(ies) or ACF 
means any facility or agreement entered into by any Borrower 
Obligor for Borrower Secured Debt as permitted by the terms of 
the Common Terms Agreement, the providers of which are parties 
to or have acceded to the Borrower STID and the Common Terms 
Agreement, and includes the EIB Facility, the NIB Facility, the 
Revolving Credit Facility, the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities, 
the Liquidity Facilities, the IBLA and: (a) any fee letter or 
commitment letter entered into in connection with the foregoing 
facilities or agreements or the transactions contemplated in the 
foregoing facilities; and (b) any other document that has been 
entered into in connection with the foregoing facilities or 
agreements or the transactions contemplated thereby that has been 
designated as a document that should be deemed to be an 
Authorised Credit Facility for the purposes of this definition by 
the parties thereto (including at least one Borrower Obligor). 
Authorised Credit Provider(s) 
means a lender or other provider of credit or financial 
accommodation under any Authorised Credit Facility. 
Authorised Issuer Debt 
means: 
(a) any series of Bonds issued by the Issuer that are then 
outstanding; 
(b) the Authorised Issuer Institutional Debt; 
(c) the Issuer Liquidity Facility; 
(d) each PP Note Purchase Agreement, together with any PP 
Notes issued thereunder; and 
(e) any other facility or agreement entered into by the Issuer for 
Issuer Secured Debt as permitted by the terms of the Issuer 
STID and pursuant to which the providers of which are 
parties to or have acceded to the Issuer STID which shall 
include any note purchase agreement or institutional term 
loan. 
Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement 
means any agreement documenting any Authorised Issuer Debt. 
Authorised Issuer Debt Provider 
means each provider of Authorised Issuer Debt pursuant to an 
Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
Authorised Issuer Institutional Debt 
means institutional debt provided to the Issuer by any Authorised 
Issuer Institutional Loan Provider pursuant to each Initial 
Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Agreement or any 
subsequent Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Agreement. 
Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan 
Agreement 
means any agreement pursuant to which the Authorised Issuer 
Institutional Debt is made available. 
Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan 
Provider(s) 
means an institutional debt provider (and including any bank, 
financial institution or other entity) which has become an 
Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Provider in accordance with 
the terms of the Issuer STID and the Authorised Issuer 
Institutional Loan Agreement or an additional Authorised Issuer 
Institutional Loan Agreement, unless, in each case, such person 
ceases to be an Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Provider in 
accordance with the relevant terms of the Authorised Issuer 
Institutional Loan Agreement and the Issuer STID. 
Authorised Signatory 
means any person who is duly authorised by the Issuer or any 
Party and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided 
signed by a director of the Issuer or such Party setting out the 
name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s 
authority to act. 
Available Enforcement Proceeds 
means, on any date, all moneys received or recovered by the 
Issuer Security Trustee (or any Receiver appointed by it) in 
respect of the Issuer Security and under the Guarantees from the 
Borrower Obligors (but excluding any amounts standing to the 
credit of or recovered by the Issuer Security Trustee from any 
Liquidity Standby Account and any Tax credits). 
Backward Lock-Up Tests 
means each of the following: 
(a) the Senior Interest Cover Ratio for the Relevant Period is 
less than 1.70:1; and 
(b) the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Period is not less 
than 0.05:1. 
Base Currency 
means Euro. 
Base Index Figure 
 
 
Basel IV 
means (subject to Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base) of the Terms 
and Conditions) the base index figure as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
means the implementation date of standards finalised by the Basel 
Committee in December 2017. 
Basel Committee 
means the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
Basic Terms Modification(s) 
means any matter or proposal that seeks to:

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
(a) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Bonds, any 
Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Bonds; 
(b) reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment 
Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the 
Bonds;  
(c) reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Bonds or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Bonds;  
(d) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum;  
(e) vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of 
calculating the Amortised Face Amount; 
(f) 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Bonds;  
(g) modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of Bondholders or the majority required to pass 
the Extraordinary Resolution; or  
(h) make any modification to this definition,  
in which case, the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount 
of the Bonds for the time being outstanding with any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed being binding on 
Bondholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at 
which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Bearer Bonds 
means those Bonds which are for the time being in bearer form. 
Bearer Definitive Bonds 
means a Bearer Bond in definitive form issued or, as the case may 
require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed in exchange for either a Temporary 
Bearer Global Bond or part thereof or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Bond or part thereof (all as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), provided that such Bearer Bonds in definitive form are 
not listed on a stock exchange within the European Economic 
Area or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area, such Bearer Bond in definitive form 
being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Trust

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any 
jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued 
or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s), and having the Conditions endorsed thereon 
or, if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, incorporating the 
Conditions by reference as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
and having the relevant information supplementing, replacing or 
modifying the Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto and having Coupons and, 
where appropriate, Receipts and/or Talons attached thereto on 
issue. 
Block Voting Instruction 
means: 
 
(a) 
in relation to voting by the holders of Bearer Bonds: 
 
(i)
a document in the English language issued by a 
Paying Agent; 
 
(ii)
certifying that the Deposited Bonds have been 
deposited with such Paying Agent (or to its order at 
a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account 
with a clearing system and will not be released until 
the earlier of: 
 
 
(A) 
close of business (London time) on the 
Voting Date; and 
 
 
(B) 
the surrender to such Paying Agent, not less 
than 24 hours before the Voting Date of the 
receipt for the Deposited Bonds and 
notification thereof by such Paying Agent to 
the Bond Trustee; 
 
(b) 
in relation to voting by the holders of Registered Bonds: 
 
(i)
a document in the English language issued by the 
Registrar or the Issuing and Paying Agent; 
 
 
(A) 
(where 
the 
Registered 
Bonds 
are 
represented by a Global Bond) that certain 
specified 
Registered 
Bonds 
(each 
a 
“Blocked Bond”) have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not 
be released until close of business (London 
time) on the Voting Date and that the holder 
of each Blocked Bond or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has instructed the 
Registrar that the Votes attributable to such

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
Blocked Bond are to be cast in a particular 
way on a Voting Matter; or 
 
 
(B) 
(where 
the 
Registered 
Bonds 
are 
represented 
by 
Registered 
Definitive 
Bonds) that each registered holder of certain 
specified 
Registered 
Bonds 
(each 
a 
“Relevant Bond”) or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has instructed the 
Registrar that those Votes attributable to 
each Relevant Bond held by it are to be cast 
in a particular way on such Voting Matter;  
 
(ii)
listing the aggregate principal amount of the 
Blocked 
Bonds 
and 
the 
Relevant 
Bonds, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which 
instructions have been given to Vote for, or against, 
such Voting Matter; and 
 
(iii)
authorising the Issuing and Paying Agent, or a 
tabulation agent, as proxy for the holders of the 
Deposited Bonds, to vote in respect of the Blocked 
Bonds and the Relevant Bonds in connection with 
such Voting Matter in accordance with such 
instructions and the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Bond(s)  
means a bond issued pursuant to the Programme and denominated 
in such currency or currencies as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) which has such maturity and 
denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) and issued or to be issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, 
the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed and which shall, in the 
case of a Bearer Bond, either: (a) initially be represented by, and 
comprised in, a Temporary Bearer Global Bond which may (in 
accordance with the terms of such Temporary Bearer Global 
Bond) be exchanged for Bearer Definitive Bonds or a Permanent 
Bearer Global Bond which Permanent Bearer Global Bond may 
(in accordance with the terms of such Permanent Bearer Global 
Bond) in turn be exchanged for Bearer Definitive Bonds 
(provided that any such Bearer Definitive Bonds shall not be 
listed on a stock exchange within the European Economic Area or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area); or (b) be represented by, and comprised in, a 
Permanent Bearer Global Bond which may (in accordance with 
the terms of such Permanent Bearer Global Bond) be exchanged 
for Bearer Definitive Bonds (all as indicated in the applicable

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
Final Terms and provided that such Bearer Definitive Bonds shall 
not be listed on a stock exchange within the European Economic 
Area or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area) and which may, in the case of 
Registered Bonds, either be in definitive form or be represented 
by, and comprised in, one or more Registered Global Bonds, each 
of which may (in accordance with the terms of such Registered 
Global Bond) be exchanged for Registered Definitive Bonds or 
another Registered Global Bond (all as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) and includes any replacements for a Bond (whether 
a Bearer Bond or a Registered Bond, as the case may be) issued 
pursuant to Condition 16 (Replacement of Bonds, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons) of the Terms and Conditions and 
Bonds shall be construed accordingly (but excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the PP Notes). 
Bondholders 
means the several persons who are for the time being holders of 
the outstanding Bonds (being, in the case of Bearer Bonds, the 
bearers thereof and, in the case of Registered Bonds, the several 
persons whose names are entered in the register of holders of the 
Registered Bonds as the holders thereof), save that, in respect of 
the Bonds of any Tranche, for so long as such Bonds or any part 
thereof are represented by a Global Bond deposited with a 
common depositary (in the case of a CGB) or a common 
safekeeper (in the case of an NGB or a Registered Global Bond 
held under the NSS) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, if Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an 
accountholder of Euroclear, and Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be 
an accountholder of Clearstream, Luxembourg) as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of the Bonds of such Tranche shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such principal amount of such Bonds 
(and the holder of the relevant Global Bond shall be deemed not 
to be the holder) for all purposes of the Trust Deed other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Bonds, and the rights to which shall be vested, as 
against the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, solely in such common 
depositary, common safekeeper or its nominee and for which 
purpose such common depositary, common safekeeper or its 
nominee shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Bonds in accordance with and subject to its terms and the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the Conditions; and the 
expressions Bondholder, holder and holder of the Bonds and

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
related expressions shall (where appropriate) be construed 
accordingly. 
Bond Trustee 
means Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any other or additional 
trustee appointed pursuant to the Trust Deed, for and on behalf of 
the Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Borrower 
means Caruna Networks. 
Borrower Account Bank 
means Pohjola Bank plc (or any successor account bank appointed 
pursuant to the Borrower Account Bank Agreement). 
Borrower Account Bank Agreement 
means the account bank agreement dated on or about the Signing 
Date between certain Borrower Obligors, the Borrower Account 
Bank, the Borrower Security Trustee and the Borrower Standstill 
Cash Manager. 
Borrower Auditors 
means Deloitte Oy. 
Borrower Common Finance 
Document(s) 
means the Borrower Security Documents, the Common Terms 
Agreement, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Borrower 
STID, the Borrower Account Bank Agreement and the Tax Deed 
of Covenant. 
 
 
Borrower CP Agreement 
means the conditions precedent agreement entered into between, 
among others, the Borrower Security Trustee and the Borrower 
Obligors on the Signing Date. 
Borrower Early Redemption Amount  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(e) of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Borrower Enforcement Proceeds 
means all enforcement proceeds received by the Issuer (as the 
“IBLA Creditor” under the Borrower STID) under and in 
accordance with the Borrower STID. 
Borrower Enforcement Redemption 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Borrower Event of Default 
means an event or circumstance specified as such in the Common 
Terms Agreement, as more fully set out in Chapter 15 (“Summary 
of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the Borrower 
Documents – Common Terms Agreement – Events of Default”). 
Borrower Finance Documents 
means: 
(a) each Borrower Hedging Agreement and any other credit 
support or collateral documentation entered into in 
connection therewith or pursuant thereto; 
(b) the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement; 
(c) the Borrower Security Documents; 
(d) the Common Terms Agreement; 
(e) the Master Definitions Agreement;

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
(f) 
the Borrower Cash Management Agreement; 
(g) the Borrower Account Bank Agreement; 
(h) the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(i) 
any fee letter, commitment letter or request entered into in 
connection with the facilities referred to in paragraph (b) 
above or (l) below or the transactions contemplated in such 
facilities; and (ii) any other document that has been entered 
into in connection with such facilities or the transactions 
contemplated thereby that has been designated as a 
Borrower Finance Document by the parties thereto 
(including at least one Borrower Obligor); 
(j) 
the Borrower CP Agreement; 
(k) the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
(l) 
any other Authorised Credit Facilities; 
(m) the IBLA; 
(n) any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating to 
any of the above documents; and 
(o) each agreement or other instrument between at least one 
Borrower Obligor and an Additional Borrower Secured 
Creditor designated as a Borrower Finance Document by at 
least one Borrower Obligor, the Borrower Security Trustee 
and such Additional Borrower Secured Creditor in the 
Accession Memorandum for such Additional Borrower 
Secured Creditor. 
Borrower Hedge Counterparty 
means a Hedge Counterparty who is a party to a Borrower 
Hedging Agreement. 
Borrower Hedging Agreement 
means each ISDA Master Agreement entered into by the 
Borrower and a Borrower Hedge Counterparty in accordance with 
the Hedging Policy (in the form in effect at the time the relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement is entered into) or, in the case of the 
Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparties, in the form in effect as at 
the date of the Common Terms Agreement and which governs the 
Borrower Hedging Transactions between such parties, and such 
term includes the schedule to the relevant ISDA Master 
Agreement and the confirmations evidencing the Hedging 
Transactions entered into under such ISDA Master Agreement. 
Borrower Hedging Policy 
means the initial hedging policy applicable to the Borrower 
Obligors set out in the Common Terms Agreement as such 
hedging policy may be amended from time to time by agreement 
between the Borrower Security Trustee, Caruna Networks and the 
Borrower Hedge Counterparties in accordance with the Borrower 
STID.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
Borrower Hedging Transaction(s) 
means any fixed rate, currency, inflation-linked, index-linked or 
Treasury Transaction with respect to the Borrower Secured Debt, 
or any other Treasury Transaction governed by a Borrower 
Hedging Agreement and entered into with Caruna Networks in 
accordance with the Hedging Policy. 
Borrower LF Event of Default 
means any of the following events: 
(a) the Borrower fails to pay any sum due from it under the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement or any other LF 
Finance Document (as defined in the Borrower Liquidity 
Facility Agreement) at the time, in the currency and in the 
manner specified therein unless payment is made within 
three Business Days of the time specified; 
(b) (i) in respect of drawings by Caruna Networks only, an 
Insolvency Event in respect of Caruna Networks; (ii) in 
respect of drawings by Caruna Espoo only, an Insolvency 
Event in respect of Caruna Espoo; or (iii) in respect of 
drawings by Caruna Oy only, an Insolvency Event in respect 
of Caruna Oy; 
(c) the termination of a Standstill Period in accordance with 
Clause 19.4 (Termination of Standstill) of the Borrower 
STID (other than termination of a Standstill Period pursuant 
to a Standstill Remedy); or 
(d) it is or becomes unlawful for the Borrower to make or 
receive a payment under the LF Finance Documents or to 
comply with any other material provision of this Agreement. 
Borrower LF Notice of Drawing 
means: 
(a) a request for a drawing under the Borrower Liquidity 
Facility in a form set out in Schedule 2 (Borrower Liquidity 
Loan Drawing) to the Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; or 
(b) a request for a Standby Drawing under the Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agreement (in the form set out in Schedule 4 
(Standby Drawing) thereto) in the event of a Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Provider either: (i) having its credit rating 
downgraded below the Minimum Long-Term Rating in 
accordance with Clause 4.2.3 (Standby Drawing) of the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement; or (ii) failing to 
renew its commitment pursuant to Clause 4.2.4 (Standby 
Drawing) of the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Borrower Liquidity Facility 
means a liquidity facility made available under a Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement 
means the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement dated on or 
about the Signing Date and each other liquidity facility agreement

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
the terms of which shall require that the relevant liquidity facility 
provider(s) has/have at least the Minimum Long-Term Ratings 
and which shall be substantially in the form of the Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Agreement having regard to the then customary 
market practice for such liquidity facilities and the criteria of the 
Rating Agencies then rating any Financial Indebtedness under any 
Authorised Credit Facility or the Bonds. 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider(s) 
means the initial Borrower Liquidity Facility Providers and any 
bank or financial institution which has become a party to the 
Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement in accordance with the 
terms of the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement which, in 
each case, has not ceased to be a party in accordance with the 
terms of the Borrower Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Borrower Liquidity Required Amount 
means, in respect of each of the Borrower Obligors, the aggregate 
of their respective: 
(a) projected interest and commitment or commission payments 
and scheduled amortisation payments (excluding any bullet 
final repayments to be made on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date) under the Borrower Secured Debt (other than the 
IBLA); and 
(b) net payments (including accretion payments but excluding 
any other payments on any break or final or termination 
payments under any Borrower Hedging Agreements) under 
the Borrower Hedging Agreements, 
for the following 12 months (calculated on a rolling basis on each 
Calculation Date). 
Borrower Liquidity Shortfall 
means: 
(a) in respect of any Interest Payment Date, there will be 
insufficient funds (as determined by the Company, in its 
capacity as Cash Manager on the Determination Date) to pay 
amounts owed by the Company in respect of items (a) to (f) 
(other than (b)(iv), (c)(ii), (d) (in respect of unscheduled 
amounts), (e)(i) (in respect of amounts owed under the 
IBLA), (e)(ii), (f)(i) (in respect of amounts owed under the 
IBLA) and (f)(ii) (in respect of unscheduled amounts) of the 
Borrower Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments after taking 
into account funds available for drawing from the 
Borrower’s Debt Service Reserve Account and Operating 
Accounts; 
(b) in respect of any Interest Payment Date, there will be 
insufficient funds (as determined by Caruna Oy in its 
capacity as Cash Manager on the Determination Date) to pay 
amounts owed by Caruna Espoo in respect of items (c)(i),

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
(d) (other than unscheduled payments), (e)(i) (in respect of 
amounts owed under a Revolving Credit Facility or an 
Overdraft Facility), (e)(iii), (f)(i) (in respect of amounts 
owed under a Revolving Credit Facility) and (f)(ii) (other 
than in respect of unscheduled amounts) of the Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments after taking into account 
funds available for drawing from Caruna Oy’s Debt Service 
Reserve Account and Operating Accounts; and 
(c) in respect of any Interest Payment Date, there will be 
insufficient funds (as determined by Caruna Espoo, in its 
capacity as Cash Manager on the Determination Date) to pay 
amounts owed by Caruna Espoo in respect of items (c)(i), 
(d) (other than unscheduled payments), (e)(i) (in respect of 
amounts owed under the Revolving Credit Facility or an 
Overdraft Facility), (e)(iii), (f)(i) (in respect of amounts 
owed under a Revolving Credit Facility or an Overdraft 
Facility) and (f)(ii) (other than in respect of unscheduled 
amounts) of the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments after 
taking into account funds available for drawing from Caruna 
Espoo’s Debt Service Reserve Account and Operating 
Accounts. 
Borrower Liquidity Standby Account 
means the account so designated and opened, if required, in the 
name of Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy or Caruna Espoo (as the 
case may be) and held at the applicable Borrower Liquidity 
Facility Provider in respect of whom the Standby Drawing has 
been made or, if such Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider does 
not have the Minimum Long-Term Rating, at the Borrower 
Account Bank. 
Borrower Make-Whole Amount 
means any make-whole amount due and payable by the Borrower 
pursuant to Clause 5.3 (Payment of other amounts) of the IBLA. 
Borrower Obligor(s) 
means Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo, the Parent, 
DutchCo and any other person who accedes to, inter alia, the 
Common Terms Agreement and the Borrower STID or in 
accordance with the terms of the Borrower Finance Documents. 
Borrower Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments 
means the provisions relating to the order of priority of payments 
following delivery of an Acceleration Notice as set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement and detailed in Chapter 15 
(“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the 
Borrower Finance Documents”) of this Prospectus. 
Borrower Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments 
means the provisions relating to the order of priority of payments 
prior to delivery of an Acceleration Notice as set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement and detailed in Chapter 15

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
(“Summary of the Borrower Common Finance Documents and the 
Borrower Finance Documents”) of this Prospectus. 
Borrower Relevant Debt 
means the Borrower Secured Debt (other than the notional amount 
under any Borrower Hedging Agreement, the IBLA Super Senior 
Debt and the uncancelled commitments under any Borrower 
Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Revolving Credit Facility and 
the Overdraft Facility). 
Borrower Secured Creditor 
Representative 
means the representative of a Borrower Secured Creditor 
appointed in accordance with Clause 9 (Appointment of 
Representatives) of the Borrower STID. 
Borrower Secured Creditors 
means: 
(a) the Borrower Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on 
behalf of the other Borrower Secured Creditors) and any 
appointee of the Borrower Secured Creditor; 
(b) the Issuer; 
(c) each Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider; 
(d) each Borrower Liquidity Facility Agent; 
(e) each Initial ACF Agent;  
(f) 
each Facility Agent under an Authorised Credit Facility; 
(g) the Borrower Standstill Cash Manager; 
(h) each Borrower Hedge Counterparty; 
(i) 
the Initial ACF Lenders and any bank, financial institution, 
trust, fund or other entity which has become a party to the 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement;  
(j) 
each other Authorised Credit Provider;  
(k) each Borrower Secured Creditor Representative; and 
(l) 
the Borrower Account Bank, 
and Borrower Secured Creditor means any one of them. 
 
 
Borrower Secured Debt 
means any financial accommodation that is, for the purposes of 
the Borrower STID, to be treated as Borrower Secured Debt and 
includes the Borrower Obligors’ liabilities under: 
(a) the Revolving Credit Facility; 
(b) the Overdraft Facility; 
(c) the Initial Borrower Liquidity Facility; 
(d) any and all liabilities under the Borrower Hedging 
Agreements; 
(e) the IBLA; 
(f) 
each other Authorised Credit Facility; and

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
(g) any further debt incurred in due course and permitted under 
the Borrower Finance Documents, the provider of which 
accedes to the relevant Borrower Finance Documents. 
Borrower Secured Liabilities 
means all actual, contingent, present and/or future obligations and 
liabilities, of whatever nature, of each Borrower Obligor towards 
the Borrower Secured Creditors, or any of them, under or pursuant 
to all or any of the Borrower Finance Documents to which that 
Borrower Obligor is a party, including all costs, charges and 
expenses incurred by any of the Borrower Secured Creditors in 
connection with the protection, preservation or enforcement of 
their respective rights under the Borrower Finance Documents. 
Borrower Security 
means the security constituted by the Borrower Security 
Documents including any Guarantee or obligation to provide cash 
collateral or further assurance thereunder. 
Borrower Security Documents 
means: 
(a) each Finnish Security Agreement; 
(b) the Parent Share Pledge; and 
(c) any other document evidencing or creating security over any 
asset of a Borrower Obligor to secure any obligation of any 
Borrower Obligor to a Borrower Secured Creditor in respect 
of the Borrower Secured Debt. 
Borrower Security Group 
means Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo, DutchCo and 
the Parent. 
Borrower Security Group Agent 
means Caruna Networks. 
Borrower Security Trustee 
means Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Borrower Standstill Cash Manager 
means, initially, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V. or any other person 
so appointed in such capacity as the Borrower Standstill Cash 
Manager under the CTA. 
Borrower STID or Borrower Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
means the security trust and intercreditor deed entered into on or 
about the Signing Date between the parties to the Common Terms 
Agreement, together with any deed supplemental to the Borrower 
STID and referred to in the Borrower STID as a Supplemental 
Deed. 
Borrower STID Proposal 
means a proposal or request made by the Borrower Security 
Group Agent in accordance with the Borrower STID proposing or 
requesting the Borrower Security Trustee to concur in making any 
modification, giving any consent or granting any waiver under or 
in respect of any Borrower Common Finance Document. 
Borrower STID Proposal or Notice 
means a Borrower STID Proposal received by the Issuer (as the 
IBLA Creditor under the Borrower STID) and passed on to the

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
Issuer Secured Creditors in accordance with Clause 31 (Borrower 
STID Proposals or Notices) of the Issuer STID. 
Borrower STID Proposal Pass Through 
Voting Request 
means a voting request provided to the Issuer Secured Creditors 
in relation to a Borrower STID Proposal. 
Borrower STID Proposal Vote 
means a vote by an Issuer Secured Creditor under and in 
accordance with a Borrower STID Proposal Pass Through Voting 
Request. 
Borrower STID Voting Request 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.7 (Borrower STID Voting 
Request) of the Borrower STID. 
Borrower Subordinated Creditor 
means Suomi Power Networks B.V. and any entity which accedes 
to the Borrower STID as a Borrower Subordinated Creditor in the 
form set out in Part 5 (Form of Accession Memorandum (New 
Subordinated Creditor)) of Schedule 1 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum) to the Borrower STID. 
Borrower Subordinated Hedge Amount 
means any termination payment due or overdue to a Borrower 
Hedge Counterparty under any Borrower Hedging Agreement 
which arises as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default 
(as defined in the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement) where 
the relevant Borrower Hedge Counterparty is the Defaulting Party 
(as defined in the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement). 
Borrower Subordinated Intragroup 
Creditor 
means Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo and any other member of the 
Borrower Security Group which accedes to the Borrower STID as 
a Borrower Subordinated Intragroup Creditor in the form set out 
in Part 4 (Form of Accession Memorandum (New Subordinated 
Intragroup Creditor)) of Schedule 1 (Form of Accession 
Memorandum) to the Borrower STID. 
Budget 
means: 
(a) initially, the base case model in agreed form to be delivered 
by the Borrower Security Group Agent pursuant to the 
Borrower CP Agreement; and 
(b) for any subsequent period, the budget delivered by the 
Borrower Security Group Agent to each Facility Agent, the 
IBLA Creditor and the Borrower Hedge Counterparties in 
respect of that period pursuant to the CTA. 
Business Day(s) 
means: 
(a) in relation to any sum payable in Sterling, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange currency deposits) in London, 
Dublin, Helsinki and New York; 
(b) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Business 
Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
Dublin, Helsinki, New York and, in respect of the Bonds, in 
each (if any) additional city or cities specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(c) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro 
or Sterling, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
Dublin, Helsinki, New York, and in the principal financial 
centre of the currency in which such financial indebtedness 
is denominated and, in respect of the Bonds, in each (if any) 
additional city or cities specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(d) for any other purpose, means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in 
London, Dublin, Helsinki and New York, 
provided that, when Business Day is used in relation to any 
Hedging Agreement, Business Day has the meaning given to it in 
that Hedging Agreement. 
Business Day Convention 
has the meaning given to it on page 137 of this Prospectus. 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
means, in relation to the Bonds of any Tranche, an agreement in 
or substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
Calculation Agent 
means, in relation to any Tranche of Bonds, the person appointed 
as calculation agent in relation to such Tranche of Bonds by the 
Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency 
Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any 
successor calculation agent appointed in respect of such Tranche 
of Bonds. 
Calculation Date  
means 30 June and 31 December in each year commencing on 30 
June 2016 or such other dates as may be agreed as a result of a 
change in the financial year end (and associated change in the 
calculation of financial covenants) or regulatory year end relating 
to the Issuer or any Borrower Obligor and the Borrower Security 
Group (as applicable). 
Capex Facility 
means a capital expenditure facility made available pursuant to an 
Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement. 
Capital Expenditure 
means any expenditure or obligation in respect of such 
expenditure which, in accordance with any applicable accounting 
standards, is treated as capital expenditure. 
Caruna Espoo 
means Caruna Espoo Oy, a company incorporated in Finland 
(registered number 2059588-1) and a 100 per cent. Subsidiary of 
Caruna Networks.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
Caruna Group 
means Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy, Caruna Espoo and their 
subsidiaries from time to time. 
Caruna Networks 
means Caruna Networks Oy, a limited liability company 
incorporated in Finland (registration number 2584904-3), having 
its registered office at Upseerinkatu 2, FI-02600 Espoo, Finland. 
Caruna Networks Loan Agreements 
means the loan agreements between members of the Caruna 
Group whereby funds are lent from Caruna Networks down to the 
Caruna OpCos. 
Caruna OpCos 
means Caruna Oy and Caruna Espoo. 
Caruna Oy 
means Caruna Oy, a company incorporated in Finland (registered 
number 1618314-7) and a 100 per cent. Subsidiary of Caruna 
Networks. 
Cash Manager 
means: 
(a) during and after a Standstill Period (except where a 
Standstill Period is terminated pursuant to Clause 19.4.1(iii) 
(Termination of Standstill) of the Borrower STID), the 
Borrower Standstill Cash Manager; and 
(b) at all other times, the respective holder of the relevant 
Operating Account. 
Cash Manager Determination Date 
means the date which is five Business Days prior to a Payment 
Date. 
CCA 
means Chromated Copper Arsenate. 
Central Bank 
means Central Bank of Ireland. 
Certificate(s) 
means the registered certificates by which Bonds in registered 
form will be represented and each of which is being issued in 
respect of each Bondholder’s entire holding of Registered Bonds 
of one Series. 
CGB 
means a Temporary Bearer Global Bond or a Permanent Bearer 
Global Bond, in either case, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the Bonds are in CGB form. 
Classic Global Bonds or CGB 
means Global Bonds which are not issued in NGB form. 
Clearing System(s) 
means Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other 
local clearing system necessary or desirable to be used in 
connection with the sale of Bonds, within a particular jurisdiction 
or to particular investors. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Closing Date 
means 8 February 2016. 
Code 
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
Commission’s Proposal 
means a draft Directive for a financial transaction tax to be 
adopted in certain participating EU member states (including

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia) as included in proposals issued 
by the European Commission on 14 February 2013. 
Common Depositary 
means the agent appointed by the ICSDs to act as the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in respect 
of the Bonds. 
Common Safekeeper  
means an ICSD in its capacity as common safekeeper or a person 
nominated by the ICSDs to perform the role of common 
safekeeper. 
Common Terms Agreement or CTA 
means the common terms agreement entered into between, among 
others, the Borrower Obligors and the Borrower Security Trustee 
dated on the Signing Date. 
Competition Act 
means the Competition Act (948/2011 as amended) (Kilpailulaki). 
Compliance Certificate 
means a certificate substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Common Terms Agreement in which the Borrower Obligors 
periodically provide certain financial information and statements 
to the Issuer Security Trustee as required by the Issuer STID. 
Conditions or Terms and Conditions (of 
the Bonds) 
means, in relation to the Bonds of any Tranche, the terms and 
conditions endorsed on or incorporated by reference into the Bond 
or Bonds constituting such Tranche, such terms and conditions 
being substantially in the form scheduled to the Trust Deed or in 
such other form, having regard to the terms of the Bonds of the 
relevant Tranche, as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s) as completed by the Final 
Terms applicable to the Bonds of the relevant Tranche, in each 
case, as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and any reference in the Trust Deed 
to a particular specified Condition or paragraph of a Condition 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Consolidated EBITDA 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated 
operating profit of the Borrower Security Group before taxation 
(including the results from discontinued operations and the effects 
of any inflation revenue hedging (whether positive or negative)), 
in each case without double counting: 
(a) before deducting any interest, commission, fees, discounts, 
prepayment fees, premiums or charges and other finance 
payments whether (directly or indirectly) paid, payable or 
capitalised by any member of the Borrower Security Group 
(calculated on a consolidated basis) in respect of that 
Relevant Period; 
(b) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of 
the Borrower Security Group other than in connection with

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
any Borrower Secured Debt held by a member of the 
Borrower Security Group; 
(c) after adding back any amount attributable to the 
amortisation, depreciation or impairment of assets of 
members of the Borrower Security Group; 
(d) before taking into account any Exceptional Items; 
(e) before deducting any fees, costs and expenses of a non-
recurring or exceptional nature in respect of any Permitted 
Acquisition, Permitted Disposal, Permitted Joint Venture or 
incurrence of Permitted Financial Indebtedness or any 
equity offering (in each case, whether or not successful); 
(f) 
after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the 
amount of any loss) of any member of the Borrower Security 
Group which is attributable to minority interests; 
(g) plus the amount actually received by members of the 
Borrower Security Group in cash through distributions from 
non-group entities; 
(h) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on 
any derivative instrument (other than any derivative 
instrument which is accounted for on a hedge accounting 
basis); 
(i) 
before taking into account any gain or loss arising from an 
upward or downward revaluation of any other asset (other 
than in the ordinary course of trading); 
(j) 
before deducting (to the extent otherwise included) non-cash 
charges relating to recognition of any pension plan deficits; 
(k) plus the amount of insurance proceeds related to business 
interruption, third-party liability or similar insurance (to the 
extent that the relevant loss, costs or liability would 
otherwise reduce the consolidated operating profit of the 
Borrower Security Group); 
(l) 
excluding the charge to profit represented by the expensing 
of stock options;  
(m) (without double counting within paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Exceptional Items”) before deducting 
Restructuring Costs; and  
(n) for the purposes of determining compliance with the Default 
Ratios only, adding costs of any expenditure arising out of 
or in relation to any Certified Storm Event, 
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, 
as the case may be, for the purposes of determining consolidated 
operating profits of the Borrower Security Group before taxation.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
Consumer Protection Act 
means the Consumer Protection Act (38/1978, as amended) 
(Kuluttajansuojalaki).  
Coupon(s) 
means an interest coupon appertaining to a Bearer Definitive 
Bond, such coupon being: 
(a) if appertaining to a Fixed Rate Bond, a Floating Rate Bond 
or an Index-Linked Bond, in the form or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Trust Deed or in such other form, 
having regard to the terms of issue of the Bonds of the 
relevant Tranche, as may be required in any jurisdiction in 
which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold 
from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s); or 
(b) if appertaining to a Bearer Definitive Bond which is neither 
a Fixed Rate Bond nor a Floating Rate Bond nor an Index-
Linked Bond, in such form as may be required in any 
jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be 
issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), 
and includes, where applicable, the Talon(s) appertaining thereto 
and any replacements for Coupons and Talons issued pursuant to 
Condition 16 (Replacement of Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons). 
Couponholders 
means the several persons who are, for the time being, holders of 
the Coupons and includes, where applicable, the Talonholders. 
CR 
means the Customer Relations division of the Caruna Group. 
CRR 
means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) 648/2012 (as amended). 
CS 
means the Customer Services division of the Caruna Group. 
Currency Overhedged Position 
has the meaning given to it on page 220 of this Prospectus. 
Date for payment 
means the date on which any payment of interest or principal on 
the Bonds is due. 
Dealer(s) 
means BNP Paribas, NatWest Markets N.V. and Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Dealer Agreement 
means the agreement dated on or about 29 January 2016 between, 
among others, the Issuer and the Dealers named therein (or 
deemed named therein) concerning the purchase of Bonds to be 
issued pursuant to the Programme, together with any agreement 
for the time being in force amending, replacing, novating or

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
modifying such agreement and any accession letters and/or 
agreements supplemental thereto. 
Debt Purchase Transaction 
means, in relation to a person, a transaction where such person:  
(a) purchases by way of assignment or transfer; 
(b) enters into any sub-participation in respect of; or 
(c) enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an 
economic effect substantially similar to a sub-participation 
in respect of,  
any Commitment or amount outstanding under an Authorised 
Credit Facility. 
Debt Service Reserve Account 
means each account so designated, opened and maintained by 
Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy and/or Caruna Espoo as an 
alternative to, or in addition to, a Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement, in order to maintain the Borrower Liquidity Required 
Amount. 
Decision Period 
means the relevant period of time the Borrower Secured Creditors 
(acting through their Borrower Secured Creditor Representatives) 
have to respond or vote on certain matters as set out in the 
Borrower STID. 
Default 
means: 
(a) an Issuer Event of Default; 
(b) a Borrower Event of Default; or 
(c) a Potential Event of Default, 
as the context requires. 
Default Ratio 
means: 
(a) in respect of the Senior Interest Cover Ratio for the Relevant 
Period, 1.2 : 1; and 
(b) in respect of the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant 
Period, 0.04 : 1. 
Default Situation 
means any period during which there subsists an Event of Default. 
Definitive Bearer Bond(s) 
means a Bearer Bond in definitive form issued or, as the case may 
require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed in exchange for either a Temporary 
Bearer Global Bond or part thereof or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Bond or part thereof (all as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), provided that such Bearer Bond in definitive form shall 
not be listed on a stock exchange within the European Economic 
Area or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area, such Bearer Bond in definitive form

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
being in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Trust 
Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be required in any 
jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued 
or sold from time to time or as otherwise agreed between the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s), and having the Conditions endorsed thereon 
or, if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, incorporating the 
Conditions by reference as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
and having the relevant information supplementing, replacing or 
modifying the Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto and having Coupons and, 
where appropriate, Receipts and/or Talons attached thereto on 
issue. 
Definitive Bond 
means a Bearer Definitive Bond and/or, as the context may 
require, a Registered Definitive Bond. 
Deposited Bond 
means certain specified Bearer Bonds which have been deposited 
with a Paying Agent (or to its order at a bank or other depositary) 
or blocked in an account with a clearing system, for the purposes 
of the issuance of a Block Voting Instruction. 
Direction Notice 
means, in respect of any matter which is not the subject of a 
Borrower STID Proposal or a Qualifying Borrower Secured 
Creditor Instruction Notice, a notice delivered by the Borrower 
Security Trustee requesting instruction from the Qualifying 
Borrower Secured Creditors as to whether the Borrower Security 
Trustee should agree to a consent, waiver or modification or 
exercise a right or discretion pursuant to the Finance Documents 
and the manner in which it should do so, delivered in accordance 
with the Borrower STID. 
Discretion Matter 
means a matter in which the Borrower Security Trustee may 
exercise its discretion to approve any request made in a Borrower 
STID Proposal subject to and in accordance with Clause 13.1 
(General discretion to modify, consent or waive in respect of 
Discretion Matters) of the Borrower STID without any 
requirement to seek the approval of any Borrower Secured 
Creditor or any of their representatives. 
Disruption Event 
means either or both of:  
(a) a material disruption to those payment or communications 
systems or to those financial markets which are, in each case, 
required to operate in order for payments to be made in 
connection with any Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement (or 
otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the 
Issuer Finance Documents to be carried out) which

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
disruption is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any 
of the parties; or 
(b) the occurrence of any other event which results in a 
disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) to the 
treasury or payments operations of a party preventing that, 
or any other party from: 
 
 
(i) 
performing its payment obligations under the 
Issuer Finance Documents; or 
(ii) communicating with other parties in accordance 
with the terms of the Issuer Finance Documents, 
 
and which (in either such case) is not caused by, and is beyond the 
control of, the party whose operations are disrupted. 
Distressed Disposal 
means a disposal of an asset of a member of the Borrower Security 
Group which is being effected: 
(a) pursuant to instruction in accordance with the Borrower 
STID in circumstances where the Borrower Security has 
become enforceable; or 
(b) by enforcement of the Borrower Security. 
DMS 
means the Distribution Management System of the Caruna Group. 
Double Tax Treaty 
means an agreement between the Government of Ireland and the 
Government of Finland for the avoidance of double taxation and 
the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income 
and capital gains. 
Drawdown Prospectus 
means a separate prospectus specific to a Tranche of Bonds. 
DSO 
means the distributions systems operator. 
DutchCo 
means Suomi Power B.V., a company incorporated with limited 
liability in the Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands (registered number 59235853). 
Dutch TopCo 
means Suomi Power Networks B.V., a company incorporated in 
the Netherlands with corporate seat in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands (registered number 59230959) and the immediate 
holding company of the Parent. 
EA 
means the Energy Authority of Finland. 
Early Redemption Amount 
means the amount for which Bonds may be redeemed in full prior 
to their Final Maturity Date. 
EC 
means the European Commission. 
EEA 
means the European Economic Area. 
EIB 
means the European Investment Bank having its seat at 100 blvd 
Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg, L-2950 Luxembourg.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
EIB Facility 
means the finance contract between Caruna Networks Oy and the 
EIB dated 21 December 2016, whereby the EIB agreed to grant to 
Caruna Networks Oy credit in an amount of EUR 200,000,000 in 
connection with its project of reinforcing its distribution network 
in Finland to enhance the security of supply. 
Electronic Consent 
means, where the terms of the proposed resolution have been 
notified to the Bondholders through the relevant clearing 
system(s), each of the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled 
to rely upon approval of such resolution (in a form satisfactory to 
the Bond Trustee) proposed by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee (as 
the case may be) given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of 
the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating 
rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders representing 
75 per cent. or more of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Bonds then outstanding, in accordance with 
the terms of the Trust Deed. 
Eligibility Criteria 
has the meaning given to it on page 189 of the Prospectus. 
Eligible Green Projects 
has the meaning given to it on page 189 of the Prospectus. 
 
 
Elo 
means ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company. 
Elspot 
means the determination of the electricity prices in Nord Pool 
Spot in day-ahead auctions. 
EM Act 
 
means the Electricity Market Act (386/1995). 
EM Act 2013 
means the Electricity Market Act (588/2013, as amended) 
(Sähkömarkkinalaki). 
EMMI 
means the European Money Markets Institute. 
Energy Authority 
means the Finnish Energy Authority. 
Enforcement Action 
means: 
(a) demanding payment of any liabilities (other than scheduled 
payments); 
(b) enforcing any liabilities by attachment, set-off, execution, 
diligence, arrestment or otherwise; 
(c) crystallising, or requiring a Security Trustee to crystallise, 
any floating charge in the Security Documents; 
(d) enforcing, or requiring a Security Trustee to enforce, any 
Security; 
(e) initiating or supporting or taking any action or step with a 
view to:

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
any 
insolvency, 
bankruptcy, 
liquidation, 
examinership, reorganisation, administration, 
receivership, 
administrative 
receivership, 
winding-up, judicial composition or dissolution 
proceedings or any analogous proceedings; 
 
 
(ii) any 
voluntary 
arrangement, 
scheme 
of 
arrangement or assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; or 
 
 
(iii) any similar proceedings whether by petition, 
convening a meeting, voting for a resolution or 
otherwise; 
 
(f) 
bringing or joining any legal proceedings against any 
Borrower Obligor (or any of its Subsidiaries) to recover any 
liabilities; 
(g) exercising any right to require any insurance proceeds to be 
applied in reinstatement of any asset subject to any Security; 
or 
(h) otherwise exercising any other remedy for the recovery of 
any liabilities. 
Enforcement Period 
means any period from and including the termination of a 
Standstill to and excluding the earlier of the date on which the 
liabilities arising under the Secured Debt have been discharged in 
full and the date on which the Borrower Security Trustee or Issuer 
Security Trustee, acting in accordance with the instructions of the 
relevant Secured Creditors pursuant to the Borrower STID or 
Issuer STID, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower Security 
Group or Issuer that the Enforcement Period has ended. 
Entrenched Rights 
means matters which: 
(a) would delay the date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the relevant Secured Creditor’s debt or 
would reduce the amount of principal or make whole 
amounts or the rate of interest payable in respect of such 
debt; 
 
(b) other than pursuant to an Acceleration Notice, would bring 
forward the date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of a Secured Creditor’s debt or would increase the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable on any 
date in respect of a Secured Creditor’s debt; 
 
(c) would adversely change or have the effect of adversely 
changing any requirement set out in the Issuer STID or 
Borrower STID, as applicable, that certain payments, 
applications or distributions should be made in accordance

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
with the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments or the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments or would adversely 
change or have the effect of adversely changing the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments or application thereof (including by 
amending any of the defined terms referred to in the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments or the Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments) in respect of an Issuer Secured 
Creditor (including the ranking of its claims); 
 
(d) would have the effect of adversely changing the application 
of any proceeds of enforcement of any Security Document; 
 
(e) would deprive a Secured Creditor of its status as a Secured 
Creditor; 
 
(f) 
would result in the exchange of the relevant Secured 
Creditor’s debt for, or the conversion of such debt into, 
shares, notes or other obligations of any other person; 
 
(g) would change or would relate to the currency of payment 
due under the relevant Secured Creditor’s debt (other than, 
in relation to Sterling-denominated debt, due to the United 
Kingdom adopting the Euro); would have the effect of 
changing or would relate to the rights of the relevant debt 
provider to receive any sums owing to it for its own account 
in respect of fees, costs, charges, liabilities, taxes, damages, 
proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Finance 
Document to which it is a party; or 
 
(h) would change or would relate to any existing obligation of 
the Issuer to gross up any payment in respect of the relevant 
Secured Creditor’s debt in the event of the imposition of 
withholding taxes; 
 
(i) 
would change or would have the effect of changing; 
 
 
(i) 
any of the following definitions or their use: 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors, Qualifying 
Issuer Secured Debt, Issuer STID Proposal, 
Discretion Matter, Ordinary Voting Matter, Issuer 
Secured Debt, Extraordinary Voting Matter, 
Voted 
Qualifying 
Debt, Reserved 
Matter, 
Entrenched Right and Issuer Secured Liabilities; 
 
 
(ii) any of the following definitions or their use: 
Qualifying 
Borrower 
Secured 
Creditors, 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Debt, Qualifying 
Senior 
Debt, 
Borrower 
STID 
Proposal, 
Discretion Matter, Ordinary Voting Matter, 
Borrower Secured Debt, Extraordinary Voting

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
Matter, Voted Qualifying Debt, Reserved Matter, 
Entrenched Right, Borrower Secured Liabilities; 
 
 
(iii) the Decision Period, Quorum Requirement or 
voting majority required in respect of any 
Ordinary Voting Matter, Extraordinary Voting 
Matter, Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction 
Notice or Direction Notice; 
 
 
(iv) any of the matters that give rise to Entrenched 
Rights under the Issuer STID or Borrower STID; 
 
 
(v) Clause 29.1 (Scope of Entrenched Rights) of the 
Issuer STID; 
 
 
(vi) Clause 16.1 (Scope of Entrenched Rights) of the 
Borrower STID; or 
 
 
(vii) the manner in which Entrenched Rights or 
Reserved Matters may be exercised or the 
consequences of exercising such Entrenched 
Rights or Reserved Matters; 
 
(j) 
would change or have the effect of changing Clause 23.3 
(Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors) of the 
Issuer STID or Clause 10.3 (Participating Qualifying 
Borrower Secured Creditors) of the Borrower STID; 
 
(k) would change or have the effect of changing Schedule 6 
(Reserved Matters) of the Issuer STID or Schedule 3 
(Reserved Matters) of the Borrower STID; 
 
(l) 
would change or would have the effect of changing the 
governing law or the dispute resolution clauses of the Issuer 
STID or the Borrower STID; 
 
(m) would change or have the effect of changing the percentage 
of Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors or Qualifying 
Issuer Secured Creditors (as applicable) that can terminate a 
Standstill Period; 
 
(n) would approve an assignment of any rights or a transfer of 
any obligations of the Issuer under the Issuer STID or a 
Borrower Obligor under the Borrower STID;  
 
(o) in respect of each Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider, would 
change the effect of Clause 36 (Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments) of the Issuer STID or would affect the ability 
of such Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider to enforce its 
rights under an Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; and 
 
(p) in respect of each Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider, 
would change the effect of Clause 22.4 (Post-Enforcement

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
 
Priority of Payments) of the Borrower STID or would affect 
the ability of such Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider to 
enforce its rights under a Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement; 
 
(q)  (1) in respect of each Original Initial ACF Lender, relates to 
those changes referred to in Clause 34.2.1 (Exceptions) of 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement and (2) in 
respect of each Affected Lender (as such term is defined in 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement), relates to 
those changes referred to in Clause 34.2.2 (Exceptions) of 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement; and 
 
(r) 
in respect of each Borrower Hedge Counterparty, would 
change, or have the effect of changing, any of the related 
provisions or definitions.  
Equity Cure Redemption Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Equity Cure Right 
has the meaning given to it on page 218 of this Prospectus. 
Equivalent Amount 
means the amount in question expressed in the terms of the Base 
Currency, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate. 
ESMA 
means the European Securities Market Association. 
Establishment Date 
means the date of this Prospectus. 
EU CRA Regulation 
means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
EU 
means the European Union. 
EU PRIIPs Regulation 
 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended. 
 
EURIBOR 
means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate. 
Euro or euro or EUR or € 
means the lawful currency of the participating Member States. 
Euro Bond(s) 
means a Euro-denominated Bond issued pursuant to the 
Programme, and Euro Bonds shall be construed accordingly. 
Euro Bond Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of any 
Euro Bond is due and payable. 
Euroclear  
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Euronext Dublin 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin  
EU Securitisation Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017, including any 
implementation regulation, technical standards and official 
guidance related thereto, in each case, as amended, varied or 
substituted from time to time (including in respect of Ireland, the 
European Union (General Framework for Securitisation and

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
Specific Framework for Simple, Transparent and Standardised 
Securitisation Regulations 2018) 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
means the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment as a basis for the determination of the definitions of 
“green”, “sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” in the EU. 
Eurosystem-eligible NGB 
 
 
EUWA 
means an NGB which is intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Event of Default 
means either an Issuer Event of Default or a Borrower Event of 
Default. 
Examinership 
means the rescue process available to an insolvent company in 
Ireland whereby an examiner is appointed by a court pursuant to 
the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014. 
Exceptional Items 
means any exceptional, one-off, non-recurring or extraordinary 
items, including those arising on (but not limited to): 
(a) the restructuring of the activities of an entity and reversals 
of any provisions for the cost of restructuring; 
(b) disposals, revaluations, write-downs or impairment of non-
current assets or any reversal of any write-down or 
impairment; 
(c) disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations; 
and 
(d) the purchase by a member of the Borrower Security Group 
at less than par value of any loans made to any member of 
the Borrower Security Group or any securities issued by a 
member of the Borrower Security Group. 
Exchange Rate 
means the strike rate specified in any related Super Senior 
Hedging Agreement or Pari Passu Borrower Hedging Agreement 
or, failing that, the spot rate for the conversion of the Non-Base 
Currency into the Base Currency as quoted by the Borrower 
Account Bank as at 11.00 a.m.: 
(a) for the purposes of Clause 12.7 (Borrower STID Voting 
Request), 24.2 (Quorum and voting requirements in respect 
of a Borrower Direction Notice) or 23 (Qualifying Borrower 
Secured Creditor Instructions) of the Borrower STID, on the 
date that the Borrower STID Voting Request, Direction 
Notice or a Qualifying Secured Creditor Instruction Notice 
(as the case may be) is dated; and 
(b) in any other case, on the date as at which calculation of the 
Equivalent Amount of the Outstanding Principal Amount is 
required,

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
and, in each case, as notified by the Borrower Account Bank to 
the Borrower Security Trustee. 
Existing Junior Facilities Agreement 
means the €150,000,000 junior term facility agreement dated 4 
December 2013 between, among others, Suomi Power Networks 
Finance B.V. and RBC Europe Limited as agent. 
Extended Forward Lock-Up Test 
means that the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Period is 
not less than 0.055:1. 
External Review Provider 
means CICERO, being the provider of the Green Finance Second 
Opinion in relation to the Green Finance Framework, or any other 
external review provider as may be appointed by the Issuer and/or 
Caruna in relation to the Green Finance Framework. 
Extraordinary Quorum Requirements 
means not less than three-quarters of Secured Creditors who need 
to participate in a particular Other Voting Matter. 
Extraordinary Resolution 
means:  
(a) a resolution approved by the Secured Creditors by a majority 
of not less than three-quarters of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Secured Debt who: 
(i) for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Voting 
Matter; and (ii) have participated in the approval process in 
respect of such resolution, subject to the quorum 
requirements set out in the Security Documents; 
(b) a resolution signed in writing by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-quarters of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Secured Debt who 
for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Voting 
Matter, which resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of the Secured Creditors; 
(c) an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Bondholders; or  
(d) a resolution by Electronic Consent. 
Extraordinary Voting Matters 
means any matters which: 
(a) would change: (i) the key structural principles on which the 
voting mechanics of the Extraordinary Voting Matters have 
been founded; or (ii) any of the matters constituting 
Extraordinary Voting Matters; 
(b) would change any Event of Default or any Trigger Event, 
each in relation to non-payment, the making of Restricted 
Payments, financial ratios or credit rating downgrade (in the 
case of a Trigger Event only); 
(c) would relate to the waiver of any Event of Default or any 
Trigger Event, each in relation to non-payment, credit rating

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
downgrade (in the case of a Trigger Event only), financial 
ratios or the making of Restricted Payments; 
(d) would change in any adverse respect the restriction on any 
disposal of the Company or relate to a consent in respect of 
any such disposal; 
(e) would materially change or have the effect of materially 
changing the definition of “Permitted Business”; 
(f) 
would change or have the effect of changing the provisions 
relating to or relate to the waiver of the Permitted Senior 
Additional Debt tests set out in the definition of “Permitted 
Senior Additional Debt”; 
(g) would result in the Aggregate Available Liquidity being less 
than the Issuer Liquidity Required Amount and, to the extent 
that the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution on the 
matters referred to in this paragraph (g) necessitates an 
amendment to any Trigger Event, the amendment to that 
Trigger Event shall be an Extraordinary Voting Matter; 
(h) would bring forward the scheduled maturity date of any 
Financial Indebtedness following the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event which is continuing; or 
(i) 
would release any of the Security (unless equivalent 
replacement security is taken at the same time) unless such 
release is permitted in accordance with the terms of the 
Issuer Finance Documents. 
Facility Agent 
means, as the context requires, any or all of the Initial ACF Agent, 
the Liquidity Facility Agent and any agent appointed in respect of 
any Authorised Credit Facility. 
FAS 
means the Finnish Accounting Standards. 
FATCA 
means: 
(a) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated 
regulations; 
(b) any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or 
relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. 
and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates 
the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in 
paragraph (a) above; or 
(c) any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, 
law or regulation referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) above 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government 
or any governmental or taxation authority in any other 
jurisdiction. 
FATCA Deduction 
has the meaning given to it on page 238 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
 
FATCA Withholding 
FCA 
has the meaning given to it on page 245 of this Prospectus. 
means the Financial Conduct Authority. 
FCCA 
means the Finnish Competition and Consumer Agency. 
FDF or Fortum 
means Fortum Distribution Finland. 
Final Maturity Date 
means: 
(a) in relation to a Bond, the final date on which that Bond is 
expressed to be redeemable; and 
(b) in relation to an Authorised Credit Facility, the date on which 
all financial accommodation made available under that 
Authorised Credit Facility is expressed to be repayable in 
full (without any further obligation on the relevant 
Authorised Credit Provider to continue to make available 
such financial accommodation). 
Final Redemption Amount 
means the nominal amount of each Bond, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Bonds 
which complete the Conditions and giving details of the Tranche 
of the Bonds. 
Finance Documents 
means the Borrower Finance Documents and the Issuer Finance 
Documents. 
 
 
Finance Lease 
means any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with the Accounting Standards, be treated as a finance 
or capital lease. 
Finance Party 
means any person providing credit pursuant to an Authorised 
Credit Facility and all arrangers, agents, representatives and 
trustees appointed in connection with any such Authorised Credit 
Facility. 
Financial Indebtedness 
means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other 
financial institutions; 
(b) any acceptance under any acceptance credit or bill 
discounting facility (or dematerialised equivalent); 
(c) any bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or any similar 
instrument; 
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of Finance Leases; 
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to 
the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any Treasury Transaction (and, when calculating the value 
of that Treasury Transaction, only the mark-to-market loss 
to the Borrower Security Group (or, if any actual amount is

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
due from the Borrower Security Group as a result of the 
termination or close-out of that Treasury Transaction, that 
amount) shall be taken into account); 
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of any 
guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter 
of credit or other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; 
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which 
are redeemable before the Final Maturity Date or are 
otherwise classified as borrowings under the Accounting 
Standards; 
(i) 
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred 
purchase agreement if: (i) one of the primary reasons behind 
entering into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance 
the acquisition or construction of the asset or service in 
question; or (ii) the agreement is in respect of the supply of 
assets or services and payment is due more than 120 days 
after the date of supply; 
(j) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including 
any forward sale or purchase, sale and sale-back or sale and 
leaseback agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing or otherwise classified as borrowings under the 
Accounting Standards; and 
(k) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for 
any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above, 
but, in each case, without double counting. 
Financial Services and Markets Act or 
FSMA 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Financial Year 
means the annual accounting period of the Borrower Security 
Group commencing on 1 January and ending on 31 December 
each year. 
Financing Group 
means the Parent, DutchCo, Caruna Networks, Caruna Oy and 
Caruna Espoo. 
Finco 
means any limited liability off the shelf company or company 
incorporated in connection with the proposed issuance of 
Permitted Senior Additional Debt where each such company:  
(a) accedes to the Borrower STID as a debtor; 
(b) becomes a Guarantor; 
(c) is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent, the Company, 
any additional holdco or any other member of the Borrower 
Security Group and is not a shareholder of any other member 
of the Borrower Security Group; and

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
(d) Borrower Security is granted over all the shares in, and loans 
from, such company. 
Fingrid 
means Fingrid Oyj. 
Finnish Act on Payment Order of 
Creditors 
means the Finnish Act on Payment Order of Creditors (1578/1992 
as amended) (Laki velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä).  
Finnish Act on Recovery to a 
Bankruptcy Estate 
means the Finnish Act on Recovery to a Bankruptcy Estate 
(758/1991 
as 
amended) 
(Laki 
takaisinsaannista 
konkurssipesään). 
Finnish Consumer Price Index 
means the consumer price index as published by Statistics Finland 
from time to time. 
Finnish Emergency Powers Act 
means the Finnish Emergency Powers Act (1552/2011) 
(Valmiuslaki). 
Finnish Energy Industries 
means the Finnish sector organisation for the industrial and labour 
market policy of the energy sector (Energiateollisuus ry). 
Finnish Security Agreement 
means each Finnish law security agreement entered into between:  
(a) Caruna Espoo; 
(b) Caruna Oy; 
(c) Caruna Networks; 
(d) DutchCo; and 
(e) the Borrower Security Trustee. 
Fitch 
means Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. 
Fixed Rate Bond(s) 
means a Bond on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate 
payable in arrear on a fixed date or fixed dates in each year and 
on redemption or on such other dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Bond(s) 
means a Bond on which interest is calculated at a floating rate 
payable in arrear in respect of such period or on such date(s) as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Bonds Maturity Date 
means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the final date on which the principal amount of any 
Floating Rate Bond is due and payable. 
Following Business Day Convention 
has the meaning given to it on page 137 of this Prospectus. 
Form of Bonds 
The Bonds will constitute unconditional obligations of the Issuer. 
Bonds will rank pari passu without preference or priority in point 
of security among themselves and will be issued in bearer or 
registered form. 
Bonds issued in registered form shall not be exchangeable for 
Bonds issued in bearer form and vice versa.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
The Bonds represent the right of the holders of such Bonds to 
receive interest (where applicable) and principal payments from 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Bonds and the Trust Deed entered into by the Issuer and the Bond 
Trustee in connection with the Programme (the Trust Deed). 
Form of Transfer 
means the form of transfer endorsed on a Registered Definitive 
Bond in the form or substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Trust Deed. 
Fortum Group 
means the Fortum Group. 
Forward Lock-Up Tests 
means each of the following: 
(a) the Senior Interest Cover Ratio for the Relevant Period is 
less than 1.70:1; and 
(b) the Senior Leverage Ratio for the Relevant Period is not less 
than 0.05:1. 
FSS 
means Fortum Sähkönsiirto Oy. 
General Related Rights 
means: 
(a) any rights, claims, guarantees, indemnities, Security or 
covenants for title in relation to that Security Asset; 
(b) any awards or judgments in favour of an assignor in relation 
to that Security Asset; and 
(c) any other assets deriving from, or relating to, that Security 
Asset, 
in each case excluding the Assignor-Related Rights. 
Global Bond 
means a Temporary Bearer Global Bond and/or a Permanent 
Bearer Global Bond issued in respect of the Bonds of any Tranche 
and/or a Registered Global Bond, as the context may require. 
Green Finance Framework 
means the green finance framework published by the Caruna 
Group 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.caruna.fi/en/financialinformation from time to time. 
Green Finance Second Opinion 
has the meaning given to it on page 189 of the Prospectus. 
Guarantee(s) 
means, in relation to each Guarantor, the guarantee of such 
Guarantor given by it pursuant to the Borrower STID and secured 
under the relevant Borrower Security Documents to which it is a 
party. 
Guarantor(s) 
means each of the Parent, DutchCo, the Borrower, Caruna Oy and 
Caruna Espoo or any other entity which subsequently grants a 
Guarantee. 
Hedge Counterparties 
means the Borrower Hedge Counterparties, and Hedge 
Counterparty means any of such parties. 
Hedging Agreement(s) 
means a Borrower Hedging Agreement.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
Hedging Policy 
means the Borrower Hedging Policy. 
Hedging Transaction(s) 
IBA 
means a Borrower Hedging Transaction. 
means ICE Benchmark Administration Limited. 
IBLA or Issuer-Borrower Loan 
Agreement 
means the loan agreement entered into on or about the Signing 
Date between Caruna Networks as borrower and the Issuer as 
lender. 
IBLA Creditor 
means the Issuer under the IBLA and the Borrower Common 
Finance Documents. 
IBLA Creditor Secured Liabilities 
means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether 
actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in 
any other capacity whatsoever) of the IBLA Creditor to any Issuer 
Secured Creditor under each Issuer Finance Document 
IBLA Loan 
means a loan made under the IBLA that corresponds to a 
particular Series or Tranche of the Bonds. 
IBLA Super Senior Debt 
 
ICMA 
means any amount payable by the Company under the IBLA in 
respect of Liquidity Fees. 
means the International Capital Market Association. 
ICMA Green Bond Principles 
means the set of voluntary guidelines that recommend 
transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the 
development of the green bond market, available at Green Bond 
Principles (icmagroup.org).  
ICSDs 
means Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
IFRS 
means international accounting standards within the meaning of 
IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant 
financial statements. 
IGA 
 
 
Implementation Period 
 
 
 
means 
intergovernmental 
agreements 
to 
facilitate 
the 
implementation of FATCA which the United States and a number 
of other jurisdictions have announced their intention to negotiate. 
means the EU-UK article 50 withdrawal agreement transition 
period, between 31 January 2020 at 11pm UK time and 31 
December 2020 at 11pm UK time. 
 
Index or Index Figure  
means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base), 
the Finnish Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) (for all items) which 
is sponsored by Statistics Finland and which, along with 
information on its past and future performance, is available free 
of 
charge 
to 
view 
on 
their 
website 
at 
https://www.stat.fi/til/khi/tau_en.html (or any replacement page 
thereto), or any other index (including any comparable index 
which may replace any of the foregoing), for the purpose of 
calculating the amount payable on repayment of any Finnish

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
Government index-linked bond instrument. Any reference to the 
Index Figure: 
(a) applicable to a particular month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances Affecting the 
Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to 
the Index), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure 
published in the third month prior to that particular month 
and relating to the month before that of publication; 
(b) applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, 
subject as provided in Conditions 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or 
Fundamental Changes to the Index), be construed as a 
reference to the Index Figure published in the second month 
prior to that particular month and relating to the month 
before that of publication; or 
(c) applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as 
provided in Conditions 7(c) (Changes in Circumstances 
Affecting the Index) and 7(e) (Cessation of or Fundamental 
Changes to the Index), be calculated by linear interpolation 
between: (i) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as 
specified in paragraph (b) above; and (ii) the Index Figure 
applicable to the first calendar day of the following month, 
calculated as specified in paragraph (b) above, and rounded 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts 
and Redemption Amounts and Rounding). 
Indexation Adviser 
means an internationally recognised investment bank or financial 
adviser recognised as having expertise in indexation matters 
appointed by the Issuer in such capacity to perform certain 
functions in respect of Index-Linked Bonds as set out in the 
Conditions.  
Index Event 
means:  
(a) if the Index Figure for three consecutive months falls to be 
determined on the basis of an Index Figure previously 
published as provided in Condition 7(c)(ii) (Delay in 
publication of Index), and the Bond Trustee and the Issuer 
have been notified by the relevant Calculation Agent (to be 
appointed at the time of issuance by the Issuer of an Index-
Linked Bond) that publication of the Index has ceased; or  
(b) notice is published by Statistics Finland, or on its behalf, 
following a change in relation to the Index, and no 
amendment or substitution of the Index has been advised by

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
the Indexation Adviser to the Issuer and such circumstances 
are continuing. 
Index Figure applicable (3 months lag) 
means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and Condition 7(e) (Cessation 
of or Fundamental Changes to the Index) of the Terms and 
Conditions, and if “3 months lag” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, what is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 





8
m
7
m
8
m
RPI
RPI
Date
n
Calculatio
of
month
in
Days
1
Date
n
Calculatio
of
Day
RPI
IFA








 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) and where: 
“IFA” means the Index Figure applicable; 
“RPIm–3” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is three months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due; and 
“RPIm–2” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is two months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due.  
Index Figure applicable (8 months lag) 
means, subject as provided in Condition 7(c) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and Condition 7(e) (Cessation 
of or Fundamental Changes to the Index) of the Terms and 
Conditions, and if “8 months lag” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, what is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 





8
m
7
m
8
m
RPI
RPI
Date
n
Calculatio
of
month
in
Days
1
Date
n
Calculatio
of
Day
RPI
IFA








 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) and where: 
“IFA” means the Index Figure applicable; 
“RPIm–8” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is eight months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due; and 
“RPIm–7” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month 
that is seven months prior to the month in which the payment falls 
due.  
Index-Linked Bonds 
means a Bond in respect of which the amount payable in respect 
of principal and interest is calculated by reference to an index 
and/or formula as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). 
Index Ratio 
means the Index Figure applicable to the Calculation Date divided 
by the Base Index Figure.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
Initial ACF Agent 
means National Westminster Bank Plc as agent under the Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities, or any of its successors thereto. 
Initial ACF Arrangers 
means those entities specified as arrangers under the Authorised 
Credit Facilities. 
Initial ACF Lenders 
means the lenders under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities. 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
means the facilities made available pursuant to the Initial 
Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement. 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
Agreement 
means the Authorised Credit Facility entered into on or about the 
Signing Date between, among others, Caruna Networks, the 
Initial ACF Agent and the Initial ACF Lenders, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
Initial Borrower Hedge Counterparties 
means each of the parties listed in the CTA as initial borrower 
hedge counterparties. 
Initial Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agent 
means the facility agent under the Initial Borrower Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
Initial Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Agreement 
means the liquidity facility agreement dated on or about the 
Signing Date between, amongst others, Caruna Networks, Caruna 
Oy, Caruna Espoo and the initial Borrower Liquidity Facility 
Providers. 
Initial Date Representation 
means, in respect of the entering into of a new Authorised Credit 
Facility after the Closing Date, each of the representations in 
Schedule 1 (Borrower Security Group Representations) to the 
Common Terms Agreement as may be agreed and amended by the 
Borrower Obligors and the relevant Authorised Credit Provider in 
accordance with Clause 4.1.2 (Representations) of the Common 
Terms Agreement, provided that the representations contained in 
paragraphs 5 (Validity and Admissibility in Evidence), 6 (Choice 
of Law) and 10 (Deduction of Tax) of Schedule 1 (Borrower 
Security Group Representations) to the Common Terms 
Agreement shall be limited and refer only to the new Authorised 
Credit Facility and the representations contained in paragraph 12 
(No Misleading Information) of Schedule 1 (Borrower Security 
Group Representations) to the Common Terms Agreement shall 
be limited to the new Authorised Credit Facility (as the case may 
be). 
Initial Issuer Liquidity Facility Agent 
means RBC Europe Limited. 
Initial Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agreement 
means the liquidity facility agreement dated on or about the 
Signing Date between, among others, the Issuer and the initial 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers. 
Insolvency Event 
means, in respect of any company:

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
(a) the initiation of or consent to Insolvency Proceedings by 
such company or any other person or the presentation of a 
petition or application for the making of an administration 
order, which proceedings (other than in the case of the 
Issuer) are not, in the opinion of the Issuer or Borrower 
Security Trustee as applicable, being disputed in good faith 
with a reasonable prospect of success or which are not 
frivolous or vexatious and discharged, stayed or dismissed 
within 10 Business Days of commencement or, if earlier, the 
date on which it is advertised; 
(b) it becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts, in each 
case, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction applicable 
to that company or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) the giving of notice of appointment of an administrator (or 
other similar official) or the making of an administration 
order (or other similar proceeding) or an administrator (or 
other similar official) being appointed in respect of such 
company or where any such step or procedure is 
contemplated; 
(d) an encumbrancer (or other similar official) taking possession 
of the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of such 
company; 
(e) any distress, execution, attachment or other similar process 
being levied or enforced or imposed upon or against the 
whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
such company and such order, appointment, possession or 
process (as the case may be) not being discharged or 
otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days; 
(f) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement 
with creditors of such company (as part of a general 
composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement 
affecting such company’s creditors generally) other than a 
composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with 
respect to any subordinated Financial Indebtedness, any 
intra-group loan or guarantee; 
(g) the passing by such company of an effective resolution or 
the making of an order by a court of competent jurisdiction 
for the winding-up, liquidation, examinership or dissolution 
of such company; 
(h) the appointment of an Insolvency Official in relation to such 
company or in relation to the whole or any substantial part 
of the undertaking or assets of such company;

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
(i) 
save as permitted in the Issuer STID and the Borrower STID, 
the cessation or suspension of payment of its debts generally 
or a public announcement by such company of an intention 
to do so; or 
(j) 
save as provided in the Issuer STID and the Borrower STID, 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of 
such company. 
Insolvency Proceedings 
means, in respect of any company, the winding-up, liquidation, 
dissolution or administration of such company, or any equivalent 
or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such company is incorporated or of any jurisdiction in 
which such company carries on business, including the seeking of 
liquidation, 
examinership, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration, arrangement, adjustment, protection 
or relief of debtors. 
Instalment Amount 
means, with respect to each Bond that provides for it, the amount 
for which such Bonds shall be partially redeemed on the 
Instalment Date, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Date 
means, with respect to each Bond that provides for it, the date on 
which such Bonds shall be partially redeemed as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Institutional Term Facility Agreement 
means any agreement entered into from time to time, pursuant to 
which an Institutional Term Loan is made available to the Issuer. 
Institutional Term Loan 
means any euro-denominated term loan made available to the 
Issuer from time to time, pursuant to an Institutional Term Facility 
Agreement, the purpose of which is to on-lend such moneys to 
Caruna Networks under the IBLA and to pay any fees, 
commission, costs or expenses related to such on-lending.  
Insurance Mediation Directive  
means Directive 2002/92/EC 
Interest Commencement Dates 
means, in the case of interest-bearing Bonds, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which such 
Bonds bear interest, which may or may not be the Issue Date. 
Interest Payment Dates 
Interest payment dates will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Investment Company Act 
means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Investment Grade 
means a rating of at least BBB- by Standard & Poor or Fitch and 
Baa3 by Moody’s or their equivalent by another Rating Agency. 
Investor Funding Loan 
means any loan made or deemed to be made by any holding 
company of the Parent and/or any shareholders of each such 
holding company to any member of the Borrower Security Group,

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
provided that the benefit of such loan is subject to the terms of the 
Borrower STID as subordinated indebtedness. 
Investor Report 
means each report produced by the Borrower Security Group 
Agent to be delivered with each Compliance Certificate, 
substantially in the form scheduled to the Common Terms 
Agreement. 
IP Completion Date  
means the Period ended at 11pm UK time on 31 December 2020. 
Ireland 
means the island of Ireland, exclusive of Northern Ireland. 
ISDA Master Agreement 
means an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement (including the schedule and credit support annex 
thereto) or any successor thereto published by ISDA unless 
otherwise agreed by the Borrower Security Trustee acting in 
accordance with the Borrower STID or the Issuer Security Trustee 
acting in accordance with the Issuer STID, as the case may be. 
Issue Date(s) 
means, in respect of any Bond, the date of issue and purchase of 
such Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) being, in the case of any Definitive Bond 
represented initially by a Global Bond, the same date as the date 
of issue of the Global Bond which initially represented such Bond. 
Issue Price(s) 
means the price as stated in the relevant Final Terms, generally 
expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Bonds, at 
which the Bonds will be issued. 
Issuer 
means Transmission Finance DAC, a designated activity 
company incorporated under the laws of Ireland limited by shares 
with registered number 568526, is a special purpose vehicle 
established for raising funds and will lend the proceeds to the 
Caruna Group. The Issuer is an orphan special purpose vehicle, 
whose shares are held on trust for charitable purposes. 
Issuer Account(s) 
means any account that may be opened from time to time in 
accordance with any Issuer Finance Document (including any 
sub-account or sub-accounts relating to that account and any 
replacement account from time to time). 
Issuer Account Bank 
means BNP Paribas, London Branch (or any successor account 
bank appointed pursuant to the Issuer Account Bank Agreement). 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement 
means the account bank agreement dated on or about the Signing 
Date between the Issuer, the Issuer Account Bank and the Issuer 
Security Trustee. 
Issuer Auditors 
means Deloitte Ireland LLP.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
 
Issuer Cash Management Agreement 
means the cash management agreement dated on or about 29 
January 2016 between, among others, the Issuer Cash Manager, 
the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee. 
Issuer Cash Manager 
means the operator of the relevant Operating Account. 
Issuer Corporate Administration 
Agreement 
means the corporate administration agreement dated on or about 
29 January 2016 between the Issuer and the Administrator. 
Issuer Debt Service Reserve Account 
means each account so designated, opened and maintained by the 
Issuer as an alternative to, or in addition to, any Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, in order to maintain the Issuer Liquidity 
Required Amount. 
Issuer Event of Default 
means the Issuer Events of Default listed on pages 21 to 23 of this 
Prospectus. 
Issuer Finance Documents 
means: 
(a) the Bonds (including any applicable Coupons and Final 
Terms); 
(b) the Trust Deed (including the Conditions); 
(c) the Issuer Security Documents; 
(d) the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(e) the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(f) 
the IBLA; 
(g) the Issuer Corporate Administration Agreement; 
(h) the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(j) 
each of the PP Note Documents; 
(k) any amendment and/or restatement agreement relating to 
any of the above documents; and 
(l) 
each agreement or other instrument between the Issuer and 
an Additional Issuer Secured Creditor designated as an 
Issuer Finance Document by at least the Issuer, the Issuer 
Security Trustee and such Additional Issuer Secured 
Creditor in the Accession Memorandum for such Additional 
Issuer Secured Creditor. 
Issuer Finance Party 
means any person providing credit pursuant to an Authorised 
Issuer Debt Agreement and all arrangers, agents, representatives 
and trustees appointed in connection with any such Authorised 
Issuer Debt Agreement. 
Issuer Initial Date Representations 
has the meaning given on page 190. 
Issuer LF Event of Default 
means any of the following events: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay any sum due from it under the Issuer 
Liquidity Facility Agreement or any other LF Finance 
Document (as defined in the Issuer Liquidity Facility

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
 
Agreement) at the time and in the manner specified therein 
unless payment is made within three Business Days of the 
time specified; 
(b) an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer; 
(c) the termination of a Standstill Period in accordance with 
Clause 33.4 (Termination of Standstill) of the Issuer STID 
(other than termination of a Standstill Period pursuant to a 
Standstill Remedy); or 
(d) it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to make or receive a 
payment under the LF Finance Documents or to comply with 
any other material provision of this Agreement. 
Issuer LF Notice of Drawing 
means: 
(a) a request for a drawing under the Issuer Liquidity Facility in 
a form set out in Schedule 3 (Issuer Liquidity Loan Drawing) 
to the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; or 
(b) a request for a standby drawing under the Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agreement (in the form set out in Schedule 5 
(Standby Drawing) thereto) in the event of an Issuer 
Liquidity Facility provider either: (i) having its credit rating 
downgraded below the Minimum Long-Term Rating in 
accordance with Clause 4.2.3 (Standby Drawing) of the 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement; or (ii) failing to renew 
its commitment pursuant to Clause 4.2.4 (Standby Drawing) 
of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement. 
Issuer Liquidity Facility 
means a liquidity facility made available under an Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Agent  
means the Initial Issuer Liquidity Facility Agent or any successor 
agent appointed pursuant to the Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agreement. 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement 
means the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement and each other 
liquidity facility agreement the terms of which shall require that 
the relevant liquidity facility provider(s) has/have at least the 
Minimum Long-Term Ratings and which shall be substantially in 
the form of the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement having regard 
to the then customary market practice for such liquidity facilities 
and the criteria of the Rating Agencies then rating any Financial 
Indebtedness under the Bonds. 
Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers 
means the providers of any Issuer Liquidity Facility and any bank 
or financial institution which provides an Issuer Liquidity Facility 
and has become a party to the Issuer Liquidity Facility Agreement 
in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agreement which, in each case, has not ceased to be a party in

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
 
accordance with the terms of the Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Agreement. 
Issuer Liquidity Shortfall 
means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, there will be 
insufficient funds (as determined by the Issuer Cash Manager on 
the Cash Manager Determination Date) to pay on that Interest 
Payment Date any of the amounts to be paid in respect of 
paragraphs (c) to (g) (provided that in respect of paragraph (g) 
only scheduled amortisation payments shall be included) of the 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments after taking into account 
funds available for drawing from the Issuer Debt Service Reserve 
Account and the Issuer Operating Accounts. 
Issuer Liquidity Standby Account 
means the account so designated and opened, if required, in the 
name of the Issuer and held at the applicable Issuer Liquidity 
Facility Provider in respect of whom a Standby Drawing has been 
made or, if such Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider does not have 
a long term rating equal to or higher than the Minimum Long-
Term Rating, at the Issuer Account Bank. 
Issuer Operating Accounts 
means the accounts so designated, operated and maintained by the 
Issuer into which all revenues are deposited opened with the 
Issuer Account Bank in accordance with the Issuer Account Bank 
Agreement but excluding any Issuer Debt Service Reserve 
Account and any Issuer Liquidity Standby Account; 
Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments 
means the provisions relating to the order of priority of payments 
following delivery of an Acceleration Notice as set out in the 
Issuer STID and detailed in Chapter 14 (“Summary of the Issuer 
Finance Documents”) of this Prospectus. 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments 
means the provisions relating to the order of priority of payments 
prior to delivery of an Acceleration Notice as set out in the Issuer 
STID and detailed in Chapter 14 (“Summary of the Issuer Finance 
Documents”) of this Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer Profit 
means an annual profit amount of €1,000 to be retained by the 
Issuer. 
Issuer Profit Account 
means the bank account in the name of the Issuer opened with the 
Issuer Account Bank, into which the share capital of the Issuer 
and the Issuer Profit will be deposited, and includes any 
replacement of that account. 
Issuer Repeating Representations 
has the meaning given on page 191. 
Issuer Secured Creditor 
means the Bondholders, the Issuer Liquidity Facility Providers, 
the Issuer Security Trustee, the Bond Trustee, any appointee of 
the Issuer Security Trustee or Bond Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, any other Paying Agents, the Issuer Account Bank,

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
the Transfer Agent, the Issuer Cash Manager, the Registrar, any 
Calculation Agent, the PP Noteholders and any other entity which 
becomes a creditor of or provides funding to the Issuer and 
accedes to the Issuer Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed from 
time to time. 
Issuer Secured Creditor Representative 
means each secured creditor representative appointed in 
accordance with Clause 22 (Appointment of Representatives) of 
the Issuer STID. 
Issuer Secured Debt 
means any financial accommodation that is, for the purposes of 
the Issuer STID, to be treated as Issuer Secured Debt and includes 
the Issuer’s liabilities under: 
(a) the Trust Deed; 
(b) the Agency Agreement; 
(c) the Issuer Cash Management Agreement; 
(d) the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(e) the Corporate Services Agreement; 
(f) 
the Issuer Liquidity Facility; 
(g) the Bonds; and 
(h) any further debt incurred in due course, the provider of 
which accedes to the relevant Issuer Finance Documents. 
Issuer Secured Liabilities 
means the liabilities under the Issuer Secured Debt. 
Issuer Security 
means the security constituted by the Issuer Security Documents 
including any guarantee or obligation to provide cash collateral or 
further assurance thereunder. 
Issuer Security Agreement 
means the English law deeds of assignment executed in favour of 
the Issuer Security Trustee by the Issuer on or about the Signing 
Date and any other deed of charge supplemental thereto. 
Issuer Security Documents 
means: 
(a) the Issuer Security Agreement; 
(b) the Issuer STID and each deed of accession thereto, together 
with any deed supplemental to the Issuer STID and referred 
to in the Issuer STID as a Supplemental Deed; and 
(c) any other document evidencing or creating security over any 
asset of the Issuer to secure any obligation of the Issuer to 
an Issuer Secured Creditor in respect of the Issuer Secured 
Liabilities. 
Issuer Security Trustee 
means Citibank, N.A., London Branch or any successor appointed 
as security trustee pursuant to the Issuer STID.  
Issuer STID or Issuer Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed 
means the security trust and intercreditor deed entered into on or 
about the Signing Date between the Issuer Liquidity Facility 
Providers, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Bond Trustee, the

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Issuer Account Bank, the 
Administrator, the Issuer Cash Manager and the Calculation 
Agent, together with any deed supplemental to the Issuer STID 
and referred to in the Issuer STID as a Supplemental Deed. 
Issuer STID Proposal 
means a STID Proposal under the Issuer STID. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
means, in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch at its office at 13th Floor Citigroup Centre, 
25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB United 
Kingdom as paying agent under the Agency Agreement, or, if 
applicable, any successor paying agent in relation to all or any 
Tranche of the Bonds. 
Junior Proceeds Loan 
means the loan advanced from Dutch TopCo to the Parent 
representing the on-lending of the proceeds of the facility under 
the Existing Junior Facilities Agreement. 
KKR 
means Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. 
Limitation Acts 
means the Limitation Act 1980, the Foreign Limitation Periods 
Act 1984, the Finnish Execution Code (705/2007, as amended) 
and the Finnish Act on the Statute of Limitations on Debt 
(728/2003, as amended). 
Limited Indexation Factor 
means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month, the ratio of the 
Index Figure applicable to that month divided by the Index Figure 
applicable to the month 12 months prior thereto, provided that: 
(a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum 
Indexation Factor; and  
(b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum 
Indexation Factor. 
Limited Indexation Month 
means any month specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus for which a Limited Indexation Factor is 
to be calculated. 
Limited Index-Linked Bonds 
means Index-Linked Bonds to which a Maximum Indexation 
Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) applies. 
Limited Index Ratio 
means: 
(a) in respect of any month prior to the relevant Issue Date, the 
Index Ratio for that month;  
(b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Month after the 
relevant Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation 
Factor for that month and the Limited Index Ratio as

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
 
previously calculated in respect of the month 12 months 
prior thereto; and  
(c) in respect of any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as 
previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited 
Indexation Month. 
Liquidity Facility 
means either the Borrower Liquidity Facility or the Issuer 
Liquidity Facility, as the context may require. 
Liquidity Fee(s) 
has the meaning given to it on page 238 of this Prospectus. 
Liquidity Standby Account 
means either the Issuer Liquidity Standby Account or the 
Borrower Liquidity Standby Account, as the context requires. 
Loan Interest Period 
has the meaning given on page 237. 
Lock-Up Event 
means: 
(a) a failure to satisfy any of the Lock-Up Tests as at the most 
recent Calculation Date for which a Compliance Certificate 
has been delivered or is required to be delivered; and/or 
(b) a Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 
Lock-Up Tests 
means the Forward Lock-Up Tests, the Backward Lock-Up Tests 
and the Extended Forward Lock-Up Test. 
Majority Lenders 
means a lender or lenders whose commitments aggregate 66 2/3 
per cent. or more of the total commitments (or, if the total 
commitments have been reduced to zero, aggregated 66 2/3 per 
cent. or more of the total commitments immediately prior to that 
reduction). 
Make-Whole Amount 
means any premium payable on redemption of any Authorised 
Issuer Debt in excess of: 
(a) the Outstanding Principal Amount of such debt; plus 
(b) accrued interest on such debt; plus 
(c) any final payment in respect of accretions for inflation on 
any such debt that is index-linked. 
Market Court 
means the Market Court of Finland. 
Master Definitions Agreement or MDA 
means the master definitions agreement dated on or about the 
Signing Date and entered into by, among others, the Borrower 
Obligors and the Borrower Security Trustee. 
Material Adverse Effect 
means an effect which is materially adverse to: 
(a) the business, assets or financial condition of the Borrower 
Security Group or the Issuer, in each case, taken as a whole; 
or 
(b) (taking into account the resources available to a Borrower 
Obligor from other Borrower Obligors and any Guarantees

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
given by other Borrower Obligors) the ability of the 
Borrower Obligors (taken as a whole) or the Issuer to 
perform their payment obligations under the Finance 
Documents; or 
(c) subject to the Reservations, the validity, legality or 
enforceability of any Finance Document or the validity, 
legality, enforceability, priority or ranking of any security 
interest granted or purporting to be granted pursuant to any 
of the Security Documents. 
Maximum Indexation Factor 
means the indexation factor specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Member State(s) 
means a member state of the European Union. 
MiFID II 
MiFID Product Governance Rules 
means Directive 2014/65/EU. 
means MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593. 
Minimum Indexation Factor 
means the indexation factor specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Minimum Long-Term Issuer Credit 
Rating 
means BBB+ by Fitch, Baa1 by Moody’s or BBB+ by Standard 
& Poor or any equivalent long-term rating by another Rating 
Agency. 
Minimum Long-Term Rating 
means, in respect of the Borrower, BBB+ by Fitch, Baa1 by 
Moody’s or BBB+ by Standard & Poor or any equivalent long-
term rating by another Rating Agency, and in respect of the Issuer, 
the Minimum Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating. 
Ministry 
means the Finnish Ministry of Employment and the Economy. 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention  
Has the meaning given to it on page 137 of this Prospectus. 
Modified Redemption Amount 
means the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Moody’s 
means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH. 
NAO 
means Network Assets and Operations, a division of the Caruna 
Group. 
Nature Conservation Act  
means Nature Conservation Act (1096/1996, as amended) 
(Luonnonsuojelulaki). 
Nature Conservation Decree 
Means 
Nature 
Conservation 
Degree 
((160/1997, 
as 
amended).(Luonnonsuojeluasetus). 
NESA 
means the National Emergency Supply Agency. 
NGB or New Global Bond 
means a Temporary Bearer Global Bond or a Permanent Bearer 
Global Bond, in either case, in respect of which the applicable

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
 
Final Terms indicates is a New Global Bond (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, both Eurosystem-eligible NGBs and Non-
eligible NGBs). 
NIB 
means the Nordic Investment Bank, an international financial 
institution founded and owned by its member countries. 
NIB Facility 
means the loan agreement between Caruna Networks Oy and the 
NIB dated 6 June 2018, whereby the NIB agreed to grant to 
Caruna Networks Oy a loan in an amount of EUR 150,000,000 in 
connection with: (i) the financing of investments in electricity 
distribution grid refurbishment during 2017 and 2018 in order to 
enhance the reliability of the grid’s supply of electricity; and (ii) 
the payment of fees, costs and expenses payable by Caruna 
Networks Oy to the NIB in connection with the NIB Facility. 
Non-eligible NGB 
means an NGB which is not intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Non-Obligor 
means a member of the Borrower Security Group which is not an 
Obligor. 
Nord Pool 
means Nord Pool AS. 
Nord Pool Spot 
means Nord Pool Spot AS. 
Noteholder(s) 
means each of the PP Noteholders. 
NSS or New Safekeeping Structure 
means the new safekeeping structure for registered global 
securities which are intended to constitute eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy operations. 
Official List 
means the official list of Euronext Dublin. 
Offsetting Transaction 
means a Borrower Hedging Transaction which: 
(a) has been entered into with a Borrower Hedge Counterparty 
which has acceded to the Borrower STID and the Common 
Terms Agreement;  
(b) is governed by a Borrower Hedging Agreement; and  
(c) where the relevant borrower receives amounts under a 
previous Borrower Hedging Transaction on the basis of a 
particular rate, currency or underlying asset, it (or another 
relevant borrower) pays such amounts on such basis under a 
further Borrower Hedging Transaction and vice versa 
(whether the notional amount or corresponding currency 
amount is equal to, or less than, the notional amount or 
corresponding currency amount of the other Borrower 
Hedging Transaction). 
Operating Account(s) 
means:

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
 
(a) the accounts so designated, operated and maintained by the 
Issuer into which all revenues are deposited opened with the 
Issuer Account Bank in accordance with the Issuer Account 
Bank Agreement but excluding any Debt Service Reserve 
Account and any Issuer Liquidity Standby Account; and 
(b) the accounts so designated, operated and maintained by the 
Borrower Obligors into which all revenues are deposited 
opened with the Borrower Account Bank in accordance with 
the Borrower Account Bank Agreement but excluding any 
Debt Service Reserve Account and any Borrower Liquidity 
Standby Account. 
Optional Floating Rate Bond 
Redemption Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 152 of this Prospectus. 
Optional Index-Linked Bond 
Redemption Date 
has the meaning given to it on page 154 of this Prospectus. 
Order 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005.  
Ordinary Resolution 
means the relevant resolution where the Quorum Requirement for 
an Ordinary Voting Matter is satisfied, as more fully set out in the 
Issuer STID. 
Ordinary Voting Matters 
means the matters which are not Discretion Matters or 
Extraordinary Voting Matters. 
Original Capex Facility 
means the capital expenditure facility made available pursuant to 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement, which has now 
been refinanced by establishment of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
Other Voting Matter 
means any Voting Matter which is not a Borrower or Issuer STID 
Proposal. 
OTPP 
means Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan. 
Outstanding Principal Amount  
means: 
(a) in respect of any Authorised Credit Facilities that are loans, 
the principal amount, including any accretion on index-
linked debt (or the Equivalent Amount), of any drawn 
amounts that are outstanding or committed under such 
Authorised Credit Facility; 
 
(b) in respect of each Pari Passu Borrower Hedging Agreement, 
an amount calculated in accordance with paragraph 11.1.1, 
11.1.2 or 11.1.3 (as applicable) of Clause 11.1 (Voting in 
respect of Pari Passu Borrower Hedging Transactions by 
Pari Passu Borrower Hedge Counterparties) of the 
Borrower STID; and

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
 
(c) in respect of any other Borrower Secured Debt, the 
Equivalent Amount of the outstanding principal amount of 
such debt on such date in accordance with the relevant 
Finance Document, 
 
on the date on which the Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors 
have been notified of a Borrower STID Voting Request, a 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or a 
Direction Notice, as the case may be, all as most recently certified 
or notified to the Borrower Security Trustee, where applicable, 
pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Notification of Outstanding Principal 
Amount of Qualifying Senior Debt) of the Borrower STID; or 
 
 
(i) 
in respect of any Authorised Issuer Debt 
Agreement that are loans, the principal amount 
(or the Equivalent Amount) of any drawn 
amounts that are outstanding or committed under 
such Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement; 
 
 
(ii) in respect of any other Issuer Secured Liabilities, 
the Equivalent Amount of the outstanding 
principal amount of such debt on such date in 
accordance with the relevant Issuer Finance 
Document, 
 
on the date on which the Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors have 
been notified of an Issuer STID Voting Request, a Qualifying 
Issuer Secured Creditor Instruction Notice or a Direction Notice, 
as the case may be, all as most recently certified or notified to the 
Issuer Security Trustee, where applicable, pursuant to Clause 23.2 
(Notification of Outstanding Principal Amount of Qualifying 
Issuer Senior Debt) of the Issuer STID.  
Overdraft Facility 
means the overdraft loan facility made available to Caruna 
Networks under the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities 
Agreement. 
Overhedged Position 
has the meaning given to it on page 220 of this Prospectus. 
Parent 
means Caruna Networks B.V., a company incorporated with 
limited liability in the Netherlands with its corporate seat in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands (registered number 64477428). 
Parent Charged Assets 
means the property, assets and undertakings so charged as security 
to the Guarantee given by the Parent for obligations owed to the 
Borrower Secured Creditors. 
Parent Share Pledge 
has the meaning given to it on page 68 of this Prospectus. 
Pari Passu Borrower Hedge 
Counterparty 
means a Borrower Hedge Counterparty who is party to a Pari 
Passu Borrower Hedging Agreement from time to time.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
 
Pari Passu Borrower Hedging 
Agreement 
means a Borrower Hedging Agreement under which the 
obligations of Caruna Networks rank pari passu with Caruna 
Networks’ obligations under the other Authorised Credit 
Facilities, the Revolving Credit Facility. 
Participating Qualifying Issuer Secured 
Creditors 
means the Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors which participate 
in a vote on any Issuer STID Proposal. 
Paying Agents 
means, in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds, the several 
institutions (including, where the context permits, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent) at their respective specified offices initially 
appointed as paying agents in relation to such Bonds by the Issuer 
pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement and/or, if applicable, 
any successor paying agents at their respective specified offices 
in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds as well as additional 
paying agents appointed under supplemental agency agreements 
as may be required in any jurisdiction in which Bonds may be 
issued or sold from time to time. 
Payment Date 
means, in respect of an Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement, each 
date on which a payment is made or is scheduled to be made by 
the Issuer in respect of any obligations or liability under such 
Authorised Issuer Debt Agreement. 
Permanent Bearer Global Bond 
means a global bond in the form or substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as 
may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche 
of Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), together with the copy of the 
applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all 
of the Bearer Bonds of the same Tranche, issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, 
the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed either on issue or in 
exchange for the whole or part of any Temporary Bearer Global 
Bond issued in respect of such Bearer Bonds. 
Permitted Acquisition 
means: 
(a) an acquisition by a member of the Borrower Security Group 
of an asset sold, leased, transferred or otherwise disposed of 
by another member of the Borrower Security Group in 
circumstances constituting a Permitted Disposal; 
(b) an acquisition of shares or securities pursuant to a Permitted 
Share Issue; 
(c) an acquisition of securities which are Cash Equivalent 
Investments so long as those Cash Equivalent Investments

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
 
become subject to the Borrower Security Documents as soon 
as reasonably practicable thereafter; 
(d) an acquisition of any Borrower Secured Debt subject to the 
terms of the CTA and the Borrower STID; 
(e) the incorporation of a limited liability company or the 
purchase of shares in an off-the-shelf limited liability 
company which becomes a member of the Borrower 
Security Group but, in each case, only if that company: 
(i) 
is an additional holdco; or 
(ii) 
in any other case, is incorporated in Finland, 
in each case if the shares in the company are owned by a 
Borrower Obligor, provided that Borrower Security over the 
shares of that company, in form and substance satisfactory 
to the Borrower Security Trustee, is created in favour of the 
Borrower Security Trustee within 30 days of the date of its 
incorporation; 
(f) 
an acquisition of: 
(i) 
any company or shares in any company or any joint 
venture, the principal business of which falls within 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of “Permitted 
Business”; 
(ii) any interest in a partnership the principal business of 
which falls within paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition 
of “Permitted Business”; or 
(iii) any asset for use in connection with the definition of 
“Permitted Business”, 
but only if:  
(A) 
for businesses falling within paragraph (a) or 
(b) of the definition of “Permitted Business” 
only, no Lock-Up Event is continuing on the 
closing date for the acquisition or would occur 
as a result of the acquisition; 
(B) 
the Borrower Security Group Agent has 
delivered to the Borrower Security Trustee a 
certificate signed by a director of Caruna 
Networks showing in reasonable detail that (i) 
Caruna Networks would have remained in 
compliance with its obligations under part 1 
(Financial Covenants) of Schedule 2 
(Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the 
Common Terms Agreement if the covenant 
tests were recalculated for the Relevant Period

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
ending on the most recent Calculation Date 
consolidating the financial statements of the 
target company (consolidated if it has 
Subsidiaries) or business with the financial 
statements of the Borrower Security Group for 
such period on a pro forma basis and as if the 
consideration for the proposed acquisition had 
been paid at the start of that Relevant Period 
and (ii) each financial covenant in part 1 
(Financial Covenants) of Schedule 2 
(Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the 
Common Terms Agreement (calculated on a 
pro forma basis) is forecast (based on 
reasonable assumptions) to be complied with 
on the next two Calculation Dates immediately 
following the relevant acquisition having 
regard to both achievable cost savings and the 
cost of achieving such achievable cost savings;  
(C) 
Borrower Security is granted by the acquiring 
member of the Borrower Security Group over 
all the shares (or equivalent) acquired by it in 
the acquired company and to the extent that the 
company to be acquired will, upon becoming a 
member of the Borrower Security Group, 
constitute a material Subsidiary, that company 
becomes a Guarantor in accordance with the 
Borrower STID; and  
(D) 
for businesses falling within paragraph (b) of 
the definition of “Permitted Business” only, the 
earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation calculated on the same basis as 
Consolidated EBITDA of any part of the 
business of the target company or target 
business which falls within paragraph (b) of 
the definition of “Permitted Business”, when 
aggregated with the earnings before interest, 
tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated 
on the same basis as Consolidated EBITDA of 
all other businesses of the Borrower Security 
Group falling within paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Permitted Business”, will not 
exceed 15 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA 
(or, in the case of any unregulated business, 10 
per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA) calculated

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
on a pro forma basis for the relevant 
acquisition unless the Company has first: 
(I) 
obtained a confirmation from each of 
the Rating Agencies that are currently 
appointed by the IBLA Creditor that 
such proposed acquisition will not result 
in the then current rating being reduced 
below the lower of: 
 
the rating on the Closing Date; 
and  
 
the then current rating,  
as long as it is Investment Grade; or 
(II) 
in the event that any one or more of the 
Rating Agencies declines to provide 
such confirmation for any reason other 
than related to the rating itself, certifies 
(after having made all reasonable 
enquiries), and provided evidence to 
support such certification, that such 
proposed acquisition will not result in 
the then current Rating being reduced 
below the lower of: 
 
the rating on the Closing Date; 
and  
 
the then current rating,  
as long as that rating is at least 
Investment Grade;  
(g) an investment in a Permitted Joint Venture; 
(h) any acquisition by a member of the Borrower Security 
Group of shares or loan notes (in each case, issued by a 
member of the Borrower Security Group) or similar of any 
director or employee whose appointment and/or service 
contract with the Borrower Security Group is terminated up 
to €5,000,000 in total (or its equivalent in other currencies); 
and 
(i) 
any acquisition made with the prior written consent of the 
majority of the Borrower Secured Creditors. 
Permitted Business 
means the business of the Borrower Obligors, being: 
(a) the business of being an electricity network operator in the 
Nordic region comprising operating, maintaining, repairing

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
and upgrading electricity distribution networks and the 
provision of facilities for and connected therewith; 
(b) any other business in the Nordic region comprising 
operating, maintaining, repairing and upgrading electricity 
assets and/or networks and the provision of facilities for and 
connected therewith;  
(c) any business or activity in the Nordic region supporting any 
existing assets or networks the principal business of which 
is described in either paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above or 
which is ancillary to the business or activities in paragraphs 
(a) and/or (b) above (which shall include the provision of 
any services to members of the Borrower Security Group 
which are currently provided by third parties); and 
(d) any other business approved or consented to by the 
Borrower Security Trustee acting in accordance with the 
instructions of the Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors, 
provided that the activities set out in paragraph (a) above shall 
constitute 50 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA. 
Permitted Disposal 
means any sale, lease, licence, transfer or other disposal: 
(a) of assets made by any member of the Borrower Security 
Group in the ordinary course of trading of the disposing 
entity; or 
(b) of any asset undertaking or business by a member of the 
Borrower Security Group (the “Disposing Company”) to 
another member of the Borrower Security Group (the 
“Acquiring Company”), but if: 
 
 
(i) 
the Disposing Company is a Borrower Obligor (other 
than an Affiliate Borrower), the Acquiring Company 
must also be a Borrower Obligor; 
 
 
(ii) the Disposing Company had given Security over the 
asset, the Acquiring Company must give equivalent 
Security over that asset; and 
 
 
(iii) the Disposing Company is a Guarantor, the Acquiring 
Company must be a Guarantor guaranteeing at all times 
an amount no less than that guaranteed by the 
Disposing Company; 
 
(c) of assets by a Borrower Obligor to a Non-Borrower Obligor 
not exceeding €25,000,000 in aggregate (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) at any time in respect of any sale, lease, 
licence or other transfer or other disposal;

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
 
 
(d) of assets (other than shares or businesses) in exchange for 
other assets comparable or superior as to type, value or 
quality; 
 
(e) of obsolete or redundant, worn-out or surplus assets 
(including real property) which are no longer required for 
the operation of the business of the Borrower Security 
Group; 
 
(f) 
of Cash Equivalent Investments for cash or in exchange for 
other Cash Equivalent Investments; 
 
(g) constituted by a licence of intellectual property rights 
permitted under the Borrower Finance Documents; 
 
(h) to a Joint Venture, to the extent permitted under paragraph 
12 (Joint ventures) of Part 3 (General Covenants) of 
Schedule 2 (Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the 
Common Terms Agreement; 
 
(i) 
arising as a result of any Permitted Security, any Permitted 
Loan or any Permitted Transaction; 
 
(j) 
of assets which are seized or nationalised, provided that such 
seizure or nationalisation would not constitute an Event of 
Default under Schedule 4 (Events of Default) to the 
Common Terms Agreement; 
 
(k) of assets to creditors to satisfy creditor protection rights 
arising from any merger contemplated in the Structure 
Memorandum so long as the aggregate value of any such 
disposal does not exceed in aggregate €10,000,000 at any 
time; 
 
(l) 
of assets (other than shares) for cash where the higher of the 
book value and net consideration receivable (when 
aggregated with the higher of the book value and net 
consideration receivable for any other sale, lease, licence, 
transfer or other disposal not allowed under the preceding 
paragraphs) does not exceed €25,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) in any calendar year; 
 
(m) the application or disposal of cash permitted by the 
Borrower Common Finance Documents; 
 
(n) by way of the granting of easements or wayleaves over real 
property, or any part of them, provided that the granting 
thereof does not materially adversely affect the business of 
the disposing entity;

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
 
 
(o) by way of the creation of occupational leases or licences 
over, or the outright disposal of, real property which is not 
required for the Permitted Business; 
 
(p) by way of the creation of a lease or licence over an asset (not 
being real property) which is granted in the ordinary course 
of business and not in respect of raising Financial 
Indebtedness; 
 
(q) of Group Contributions between members of the Borrower 
Security Group; 
 
(r) 
of any Borrower Secured Debt subject to the terms of the 
CTA and the Borrower STID; 
 
(s) which is a Permitted Sale and Leaseback; or 
(t) 
of any asset, with the prior written consent of the Borrower 
Security Trustee in accordance with the Borrower STID. 
Permitted Distribution 
means: 
(a) a Distribution by a member of the Borrower Security Group 
other than the Parent (provided that, if that member of the 
Borrower Security Group is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary 
of the Parent, any Distribution to a third-party shareholder 
of that member of the Borrower Security Group shall be 
proportionate to that third-party shareholder’s shareholding 
in that member of the Borrower Security Group); 
 
(b) any Distribution to any holding company of the Parent 
necessary to pay audit fees, legal expenses, directors’ 
emoluments 
or 
insurance, 
administrative, 
asset 
management, regulatory and any other proper and necessary 
incidental expenses required to maintain each such 
company’s corporate existence and provide for its operating 
costs and to pay its Taxes in aggregate in any calendar year 
(plus all reasonable expenses, including the fees and charges 
of consultants or advisers incurred in connection with the 
provision of such services) in an amount not exceeding 
€2,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in 
aggregate in any calendar year; 
 
(c) a Distribution which is a Permitted Transaction under 
paragraphs (b) to (g) (inclusive) of the definition thereof; or 
 
(d) a Distribution from the Parent if: 
 
 
(i) 
the Distribution is made within 30 days of the delivery 
to the Borrower Security Trustee of the Compliance 
Certificate relating to the period ending on the most 
recent Calculation Date;

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
 
 
 
(ii) the Compliance Certificate referred to in paragraph (i) 
above shows that no Default Situation, breach of 
covenant relating to financial ratios or Trigger Event 
has occurred and is continuing on the Calculation Date 
to which that Compliance Certificate relates and no 
Default Situation, breach of covenant relating to 
financial ratios or Trigger Event would arise from the 
making of the proposed Distribution; and 
 
 
(iii) in the event that a Default Situation, breach of covenant 
relating to financial ratios or Trigger Event has 
previously occurred, the Borrower Security Group 
Agent has delivered a subsequent Compliance 
Certificate demonstrating that no Default Situation, 
breach of covenant relating to financial ratios or 
Trigger Event is continuing. 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness  
means Financial Indebtedness: 
(a) arising: (i) under any of the Borrower Finance Documents and 
the Equity Documents; or (ii) Permitted Senior Additional Debt, 
in each case subject to the terms of the CTA and the Borrower 
STID; 
(b) to the extent covered by a letter of credit, bond, bank guarantee 
or indemnity or other accommodation made or issued under an 
ancillary facility permitted under the Initial Authorised Credit 
Facilities Agreement; 
(c) arising under a Permitted Loan or a Permitted Guarantee or as 
otherwise permitted under paragraph 29 (Treasury Transactions) 
of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 2 (Borrower Security 
Group Covenants) to the Common Terms Agreement; 
(d) of any person acquired by a member of the Borrower Security 
Group after the Closing Date which is incurred under 
arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not 
incurred or increased or having its maturity date extended in 
contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and outstanding only 
for a period of three months following the date of acquisition; 
(e) under finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment or 
computers, provided that the aggregate capital value of all such 
items so leased under outstanding leases by members of the 
Borrower Security Group does not exceed €10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) at any time; 
(f) incurred by a member of the Borrower Security Group 
pursuant to or in connection with any cash pooling arrangements 
in place with the Borrower Security Group and with an 
Acceptable Bank to the extent that debit balances are offset by

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
 
credit balances, provided that Obligors may not have exposures at 
any time of more than €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) in aggregate at any time in respect of the liabilities of 
Non-Obligors in connection with such arrangements; 
(g) arising from any counter-indemnity obligation owed by any 
member of the Borrower Security Group (the “guaranteed party”) 
in respect of any Permitted Guarantee given by another member 
of the Borrower Security Group in respect of the obligations of 
the guaranteed party; 
(h) Existing Indebtedness of any member of the Borrower 
Security Group until the Closing Date; 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness entered into with the prior written 
consent of the Borrower Security Trustee in accordance with the 
Borrower STID; and 
(j) not permitted by the preceding paragraphs or as a Permitted 
Transaction and the outstanding principal amount of which does 
not exceed in aggregate €35,000,000 (indexed) (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) at any time. 
Permitted Guarantee 
means: 
(a) the endorsement of negotiable instruments in the ordinary 
course of trading; 
(b) any performance or similar bond guarantee or indemnity or 
undertaking guaranteeing performance by a member of the 
Borrower Security Group under any contract entered into in the 
ordinary course of trading; 
(c) any guarantee of a joint venture to the extent permitted by 
paragraph 12 (Joint Ventures) of part 3 (General Covenants) of 
schedule 2 (Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the Common 
Terms Agreement; 
(d) any guarantee permitted under paragraph 22 (Financial 
Indebtedness) of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 2 
(Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
(e) any guarantee given in respect of the netting or set-off 
arrangements permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of the definition 
of “Permitted Security”; 
(f) a guarantee by a member of the Borrower Security Group of 
the obligations of an Obligor (other than an Affiliate Borrower), 
provided that if the relevant member of the Borrower Security 
Group granting the guarantee is not an Obligor, it has 
subordinated its rights in respect of such guarantee under a 
subordination agreement on terms satisfactory to the Qualifying 
Borrower Secured Creditors;

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
(g) a guarantee by an Obligor of a Non-Obligor’s or an Affiliate 
Borrower’s obligations, provided that the aggregate amount 
guaranteed when added to the aggregate amount of “Permitted 
Loans” which are permitted pursuant to paragraph (e) of the 
definition of “Permitted Loan” does not at any time exceed in 
aggregate €20,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at 
any time; 
(h) any guarantee given by a person acquired pursuant to a 
Permitted Acquisition and existing at the time of that Permitted 
Acquisition, provided that such guarantee is discharged within 
three months of the Permitted Acquisition completing; 
(i) any guarantee of a Treasury Transaction (including business 
hedging) which is permitted under paragraph 29 (Treasury 
Transactions) of part 3 (General Covenants) of schedule 2 
(Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
(j) any indemnity given in the ordinary course of the 
documentation of an acquisition or disposal transaction which is 
a Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Disposal which indemnity 
is in a customary form and subject to customary limitations; 
(k) any guarantee given in respect of Permitted Senior Additional 
Debt; 
 (l) any Financial Indebtedness arising under guarantees entered 
into pursuant to Section 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code in respect 
of any member of the Borrower Security Group incorporated in 
the Netherlands and any residual liability with respect to such 
guarantees arising under Section 2:404 of the Dutch Civil Code; 
(m) any joint and several liability arising as a result of (the 
establishment) of a fiscal unity (fiscale eenheid) between the 
Obligors incorporated in the Netherlands or its equivalent in 
any other relevant jurisdiction; 
(n) any guarantee entered into with the prior written consent of 
the Borrower Security Trustee in accordance with the Borrower 
STID; 
(o) the guarantee(s) given or to be given by an Obligor to Telvent 
Energia S.A. in respect of the Company’s obligations under the 
automatic meter agreement between Telvent Energia A.A. and the 
Company; and 
(p) any guarantee not permitted by the preceding paragraphs or as 
a Permitted Transaction, provided that the total aggregate amount 
permitted under this paragraph (p) may not exceed in aggregate 
€10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time. 
Permitted Joint Venture 
means any joint venture where:

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
 
(a) the joint venture is incorporated, or established, and carries 
on its principal business, in the Nordic region; 
(b) the joint venture is engaged in a business which falls within 
the definition of “Permitted Business”; 
(c) the aggregate (the “Joint Venture Investment”) of: 
(i) 
all amounts subscribed for shares in, lent to or invested 
in all such joint ventures by any member of the 
Borrower Security Group; 
(ii) 
the contingent liabilities of any member of the 
Borrower Security Group under any guarantee given 
in respect of the liabilities of any such joint venture; 
and 
(iii) the market value of any assets transferred by any 
member of the Borrower Security Group to any such 
joint venture,  
when aggregated with the total purchase price in respect of 
Permitted Acquisitions permitted pursuant to paragraph (f) 
of the definition of “Permitted Acquisition” does not exceed 
in aggregate €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) at any time; and 
(d) the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation calculated on the same basis as Consolidated 
EBITDA of the part of the joint venture attributable to the 
Borrower Security Group which falls within paragraph (b) 
of the definition of “Permitted Business”, when aggregated 
with the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation calculated on the same basis as Consolidated 
EBITDA of all other businesses of the Borrower Security 
Group which fall within paragraph (b) of the definition of 
“Permitted Business” will not exceed 15 per cent. of 
Consolidated EBITDA (or, in the case of any unregulated 
business, 10 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA) calculated 
on a pro forma basis for the relevant joint venture. 
Permitted Loan 
means: 
(a) any trade credit extended by any member of the Borrower 
Security Group to its customers on normal commercial terms and 
in the ordinary course of its trading activities; 
(b) Financial Indebtedness which is referred to in the definition 
of, or otherwise constitutes, “Permitted Financial Indebtedness” 
(except under paragraph (d) of that definition); 
(c) a loan made to a joint venture to the extent permitted under 
paragraph 12 (Joint Ventures) of part 3 (General Covenants) of

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
schedule 2 (Borrower Security Group Covenants) to the Common 
Terms Agreement; 
(d) a loan made by an Obligor to another Obligor (other than an 
Affiliate Borrower) or made by a Non-Obligor to another member 
of the Borrower Security Group; 
(e) any loan made by an Obligor to an Affiliate Borrower or a 
Non-Obligor so long as the aggregate amount of the Financial 
Indebtedness under any such loan (when added to the aggregate 
amounts guaranteed pursuant to paragraph (g) of the definition of 
“Permitted 
Guarantee”) 
does 
not 
exceed 
in 
aggregate 
€20,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time; 
(f) any subordinated liabilities or subordinated intragroup 
liabilities;  
(g) a loan made by a member of the Borrower Security Group to 
an employee or director of any member of the Borrower Security 
Group if the amount of that loan when aggregated with the amount 
of all loans to employees and directors by members of the 
Borrower Security Group does not exceed in aggregate 
€5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time 
(when aggregated with any loans referred to in paragraph (h) 
below); 
(h) any loan made to an employee benefit trust or similar for the 
purpose of the operation of an employee share scheme or similar 
subject to the maximum total amount of all such loans not 
exceeding in aggregate €5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) at any time (when aggregated with any loans referred 
to in paragraph (g) above); 
(i) any loan made by a member of the Borrower Security Group 
and in existence on the Closing Date; 
(j) any loan which constitutes a Permitted Distribution; 
(k) subject to the terms of the Borrower STID, any loan made for 
the purposes of enabling (indirectly or directly) an Obligor to 
meet its payment obligations under the Borrower Finance 
Documents; 
(l) any loan not permitted by the preceding paragraphs (other than 
a loan made by a member of the Borrower Security Group to 
another member of the Borrower Security Group) so long as the 
aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness under any such 
loans does not exceed in aggregate €20,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) at any time (when aggregated with any 
guarantees given under paragraph (p) of the definition of 
“Permitted Guarantee”); and

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
 
(m) any other loan or grant of credit approved or consented to by 
the Borrower Security Trustee in accordance with the Borrower 
STID. 
Permitted Refinancing Debt 
means loans made to the Parent, a Borrower, an additional holdco 
or a Finco by a person other than a member of the Borrower 
Security Group or Dutch TopCo, or bonds or notes (including any 
U.S. private placement notes) issued by the Parent, a Borrower, 
an additional holdco or a Finco held by a person other than a 
member of the Borrower Security Group or Dutch TopCo where 
the net proceeds of such loans, bonds or notes are to be applied in 
prepayment of the Authorised Credit Facilities in accordance with 
Clause 10 (Illegality, Voluntary Prepayment and Cancellation) of 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement (or the relevant 
clause in any other Authorised Credit Facility) and provided that, 
in relation to public bonds issued by the Parent, a Borrower, an 
additional holdco or a Finco, the relevant Borrower has (or has 
procured that the Parent, the additional holdco or Finco (as 
applicable) has) obtained a confirmation from a Rating Agency 
that such proposed public bonds will have a long-term credit 
rating which is Investment Grade. 
Permitted Reorganisation 
means: 
(a) a reorganisation on a solvent basis of Dutch TopCo or one or 
more members of the Borrower Security Group or the 
incorporation of a new member of the Borrower Security 
Group where: 
(i) 
no Default is then outstanding; 
(ii) 
all of the assets of that member remain within the 
Borrower Security Group and the value or percentage 
of any minority interest in any member of the 
Borrower Security Group held by any person which is 
not a member of the Borrower Security Group is not 
increased; and 
(iii) the Borrower Secured Creditors will enjoy (in the 
opinion of the Borrower Security Trustee (acting 
reasonably) and supported by any professional 
opinions and reports requested by it) the same or 
equivalent guarantees from it (or its successor) and the 
same or equivalent security over the same assets and 
over the shares in it (or in each case its successor) after 
the reorganisation as the Borrower Secured Creditors 
enjoyed before the reorganisation; 
(b) any other reorganisation of Dutch TopCo or one or more 
members of the Borrower Security Group approved by the

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
 
Borrower Security Trustee in accordance with the Borrower 
STID; 
(c) the mergers of Caruna Networks Sähkönsiirto Oy and 
Caruna Networks Espoo Oy with Caruna Networks by way 
of upstream merger; 
(d) the merger of Lapin Sähköverkko Oy with Caruna Oy; or  
(e) any other merger of a Borrower Security Group member 
with: 
(i) 
another member of the Borrower Security Group; or  
(ii) 
any wholly-owned Subsidiary of a member of the 
Borrower Security Group which is not a member of the 
Borrower Security Group,  
provided that the Borrower Secured Creditors have the 
benefit of any professional opinions and reports requested 
by it, the same or equivalent guarantees from it (or its 
successor) and the same or equivalent security over the same 
assets and over the shares in it (or in each case its successor) 
after the applicable merger as the Borrower Secured 
Creditors had before the merger as determined by the 
Borrower Security Trustee (acting reasonably and consistent 
with an profession opinions and support requested by it). 
Permitted Sale and Leaseback 
means a sale and subsequent leaseback of the headquarters at 
Upseerinkatu 2, Espoo, Finland by a member of the Borrower 
Security Group to another member of the Borrower Security 
Group. 
Permitted Security 
means: 
(a) any security entered into pursuant to or under a Borrower 
Finance Document; 
(b) any security or quasi-security arising by operation of law and 
in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default 
or omission by any member of the Borrower Security Group; 
(c) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member 
of the Borrower Security Group in the ordinary course of its 
banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit 
balances of the Borrower Security Group (including a multi 
account overdraft) but only so long as: 
(i) such arrangement does not permit credit balances of 
Obligors to be netted or set off against debit balances 
of Affiliate Borrowers or Non-Obligors; and 
(ii) such arrangement does not give rise to other 
Security over the assets of Obligors in support of 
liabilities of Affiliate Borrowers or Non-Obligors,

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
 
except, in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, to 
the extent such netting, set-off or security relates to, or 
is granted in support of: 
(A) a loan permitted pursuant to paragraph 
(e) of the definition of “Permitted Loan”; or 
(B) any netting or set-off effected only for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
cash-pooling 
arrangements permitted under paragraph (f) 
of the definition of “Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness”; 
(d) any payment or close-out netting or set-off arrangement 
pursuant to any Treasury Transaction or foreign exchange 
transaction entered into by a member of the Borrower Security 
Group which constitutes Permitted Financial Indebtedness, 
excluding any security or quasi-Security under a credit support 
arrangement; 
(e) any security or quasi-Security over or affecting any asset 
acquired by a member of the Borrower Security Group after the 
Closing Date if: 
(i) the security or quasi-Security was not created in 
contemplation of the acquisition of that asset by a 
member of the Borrower Security Group; 
(ii) the principal amount secured has not been 
increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition 
of that asset by a member of the Borrower Security 
Group; and 
(iii) the security or quasi-Security is removed or 
discharged within three months of the date of 
acquisition of such asset; 
(f) any security or quasi-Security over or affecting any asset of 
any company which becomes a member of the Borrower Security 
Group after the Closing Date, where the security or quasi-security 
is created prior to the date on which that company becomes a 
member of the Borrower Security Group if: 
(i) the security or quasi-security was not created in 
contemplation of the acquisition of that company; 
(ii) the principal amount secured has not been 
increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition 
of that company; and 
(iii) the security or quasi-security is removed or 
discharged within three months of that company 
becoming a member of the Borrower Security Group;

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
 
(g) any security or quasi-security arising under any retention of 
title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or 
arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to 
a member of the Borrower Security Group in the ordinary course 
of trading and on the supplier’s standard or usual terms and not 
arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of 
the Borrower Security Group; 
(h) the existing Security; 
(i) any quasi-security arising as a result of a disposal which is a 
Permitted Disposal; 
(j) any security or quasi-security arising as a consequence of any 
finance or capital lease permitted pursuant to paragraph (f) of the 
definition of “Permitted Financial Indebtedness”; 
(k) any security or quasi-security arising as a result of legal 
proceedings discharged within 30 days or otherwise being 
contested in good faith; 
(l) any security or quasi-security over any rental deposits in 
respect of real estate leased or licensed by any member of the 
Borrower Security Group in respect of amounts representing not 
more than 12 months’ rent or licence fee for that real estate; 
(m) any security or quasi-security over documents of title and 
goods as part of a documentary credit transaction entered into in 
the ordinary course of trading or in respect of other Permitted 
Financial Indebtedness; 
(n) any security or quasi-security granted by a Non-Obligor or an 
Affiliate Borrower to a bank or other lender as part of the 
arrangements for that bank or other lender to provide banking 
facilities to that Non-Obligor or Affiliate Borrower in an amount 
not exceeding in aggregate €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) at any time for all Non-Obligors and Affiliate 
Borrowers; 
(o) any security over bank accounts or retention rights in respect 
of deposits granted in favour of the Borrower Account Bank as 
part of and pursuant to that bank’s standard terms and conditions 
excluding, in the case of any bank accounts in the Netherlands, 
any obligation to grant security upon request of the relevant 
account bank; 
(p) any security or quasi-security arising by operation of law in 
favour of a governmental or taxing authority in respect of taxes or 
charges being contested in good faith; 
(q) any security or quasi-security provided by a member of the 
Borrower Security Group to a stock, trade or derivative exchange 
for the purpose of entering into a Borrower Hedging Agreement;

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
 
(r) any security or quasi-security securing indebtedness the 
outstanding principal amount of which (when aggregated with the 
outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness which has 
the benefit of security given by any member of the Borrower 
Security Group other than any permitted under paragraphs (a) to 
(q) (inclusive) above) does not exceed in aggregate €25,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time; 
(s) any security in the form of a mortgage over leasehold 
properties where such Security is granted in favour of a 
municipality or similar lessor of such leasehold properties in 
connection with the obligations of the tenant thereunder; 
(t) any security granted to satisfy creditor protection rights arising 
from any merger contemplated in the structure memorandum so 
long as the aggregate value of any such security does not exceed 
in aggregate €10,000,000 at any time; and 
(u) any security or quasi-security approved or consented to by the 
Borrower Security Trustee in accordance with the Borrower 
STID. 
Permitted Senior Additional Debt 
means: (x) loans made to the Parent, a Borrower, an additional 
holdco or a Finco by a person other than a member of the 
Borrower Security Group or Dutch TopCo or bonds or notes 
(including any U.S. private placement notes) issued by the Parent, 
a Borrower, an additional holdco or a Finco held by a person other 
than a member of the Borrower Security Group or Dutch TopCo; 
and (y) Permitted Refinancing Debt, in each case where: 
(a) the creditors of such Financial Indebtedness (the “Incoming 
Creditors”) accede to the CTA and the Borrower STID; 
(b) the Incoming Creditors do not, and may not at any time, 
benefit from any Security, guarantees or other credit support, 
or recourse to, any other Borrower Obligor other than 
pursuant to the Borrower Security Documents and the CTA; 
(c) the relevant Borrower provides a certificate to the Borrower 
Security Trustee at the time of incurring such Permitted 
Senior Additional Debt confirming that: (i) no Default is 
subsisting or would occur as a result of such Permitted 
Senior Additional Debt; and (ii) any hedging in respect of 
the Permitted Senior Additional Debt complies with the 
Borrower Hedging Policy; 
(d) other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or 
where the Financial Indebtedness is to be used to fund 
Capital Expenditure, the relevant Borrower has delivered to 
the Borrower Security Trustee a certificate signed by a 
director of the relevant Borrower confirming that no Lock-

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
 
Up Event would occur as a result of the incurrence of such 
Permitted Senior Additional Debt; and 
(e) other than in respect of Permitted Refinancing Debt and/or 
where the Financial Indebtedness is to be used to fund 
Capital Expenditure, the relevant Borrower has first: 
(i) 
obtained a confirmation from each of the Rating 
Agencies that are currently appointed by the IBLA 
Creditor that such Financial Indebtedness will not 
result in the then applicable rating being reduced 
below the lower of: (A) the rating on the Closing Date; 
and (B) the then current rating, as long as that rating is 
Investment Grade; or 
(ii) 
in the event that any one or more of the Rating 
Agencies declines to provide such confirmation for 
any reason other than related to the rating itself, 
certified (after having made all reasonable enquiries), 
and provided evidence to support such certification, 
that such proposed Financial Indebtedness will not 
result in the then applicable rating being reduced 
below the lower of: (A) the rating on the Closing Date; 
and (B) the then current rating, as long as that rating is 
at least Investment Grade. 
Permitted Share Issue 
means an issue of: 
(a) ordinary shares by the Parent to Dutch TopCo, paid for in 
full in cash upon issue and which by their terms are not 
redeemable by the Parent;  
(b) shares by a member of the Borrower Security Group which 
is a Subsidiary of the Parent to its immediate holding 
company where (if the existing shares of the Subsidiary are 
the subject of the Borrower Security) the newly issued 
shares also become subject to the Borrower Security (as 
applicable) on the same terms;  
(c) shares where the issuance is a joint venture investment 
permitted pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement (but 
excluding where such joint venture investment is made by 
way of an issue of shares by a member of the Borrower 
Security Group to a joint venture); and 
(d) any other issue of shares approved or consented to by the 
Borrower Security Trustee in accordance with the Borrower 
STID. 
Permitted Share Pledge Acceleration 
means the acceleration of the rights of the Borrower Secured 
Creditors to enforce the Parent Share Pledge where DutchCo fails 
to discharge its obligations with respect to a demand notice.

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
 
Permitted Transaction 
means: 
(a) any disposal required, Financial Indebtedness incurred, 
guarantee, indemnity or Security or Quasi-Security given, or 
other transaction arising under the Borrower Common 
Finance Documents; 
 
(b) the solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any non-
Borrower Obligor so long as any payments or assets 
distributed as a result of such liquidation or reorganisation 
are distributed to other members of the Borrower Security 
Group; 
 
(c) a Permitted Reorganisation; 
 
(d) any transaction reasonably required to raise Permitted 
Refinancing Debt and/or Permitted Senior Additional Debt 
which is not materially adverse to the interests of the 
Borrower Secured Creditors; 
 
(e) any transaction entered into with the prior consent of the 
Borrower Security Trustee acting in accordance with the 
Borrower STID; 
 
(f) 
the conversion of any Financial Indebtedness under any 
Investor Funding Loan and/or Junior Proceeds Loan into 
share capital or other equity in the relevant member of the 
Borrower Security Group; 
 
(g) any transaction or distribution specifically contemplated by 
the structure memorandum/funds flow; and 
 
(h) any transaction: 
 
 
(i) 
specifically contemplated by the Frame Transitional 
Services Agreement, the Frame Customer Services 
Agreement 
and/or 
any 
Transitional 
Services 
Agreement; and/or 
 
 
(ii) reasonably required to implement a transaction 
specifically contemplated by the Frame Transitional 
Services Agreement, the Frame Customer Services 
Agreement and/or any Transitional Services Agreement 
which is not materially adverse to the interests of the 
Borrower Secured Creditors or Borrower Hedge 
Counterparties. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
means either the Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments or 
the Borrower Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as the 
context may require. 
Potential Event of Default 
means any event or circumstance which, with the lapse of time 
and/or the giving of any notice and/or the making of any

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
 
determination or any combination of the foregoing (in each case, 
where the lapse of time and/or giving of notice and/or 
determination is provided for in the terms of such Event of 
Default, and assuming no intervening remedy), would become an 
Event of Default. 
PP Note Documents 
means the PP Note Purchase Agreements, each of the PP Notes 
and the PP Note SCR Agreement. 
PP Noteholders 
means those institutions which hold PP Notes from time to time. 
PP Note Issuer 
means Transmission Finance DAC or any successor appointed as 
issuer of the PP Notes pursuant to the PP Note Purchase 
Agreement. 
PP Note Purchase Agreement 
means each note purchase agreement pursuant to which the PP 
Note Issuer issues PP Notes from time to time. 
PP Notes 
means the privately placed notes issued by the PP Note Issuer 
from time to time under and pursuant to a PP Note Purchase 
Agreement. 
PP Note SCR Agreement 
means each secured creditor representative agency deed 
authorising a party to act, and be named in the relevant Accession 
Memorandum, as PP Note Secured Creditor Representative for 
the relevant PP Noteholders. 
PP Note Secured Creditor 
Representative 
means any person who is appointed as PP Note Secured Creditor 
Representative for the PP Noteholders and authorised to act as 
such under a PP Note SCR Agreement.  
Preceding Business Day Convention 
has the meaning given to it on page 137 of this Prospectus. 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
means either the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments or 
the Borrower Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as the 
context may require.  
Pre-hedge(s) 
has the meaning given to it on page 221 of this Prospectus. 
Pricing Supplement 
means a pricing supplement which will contain the pricing details 
and any additional terms of an issue by the Issuer of unlisted 
Bonds and/or Bonds not admitted to trading on any regulated or 
unregulated market. 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
means, in relation to a Bond or Tranche of Bonds, the original face 
value thereof less any repayment of principal made to the 
holder(s) thereof in respect of such Bond or Tranche. 
Programme 
means the €10,000,000,000 multicurrency programme for the 
issuance of Bonds with proceeds to be lent to Caruna Networks. 
Prospectus 
means the prospectus relating to the Bonds prepared in connection 
with the Programme and constituting (in the case of Bonds to be 
listed on a stock exchange), to the extent specified in it, a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation as

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
 
revised, supplemented or amended from time to time by the Issuer 
(including by way of a Drawdown Prospectus) and, in relation to 
each Bond issue, the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to 
be included in the Prospectus. 
Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Qualified Investor 
as is defined within Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation or 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable) 
Qualified Purchaser 
as is defined in Section 2(A)(51)(A) of the Investment Company 
Act. 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditor 
Instruction Notice or Direction Notice 
means a notice entitled as such, delivered in accordance with the 
terms of the Borrower STID. 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors 
means: 
(a) the Initial ACF Lenders; 
(b) the Revolving Credit Facility Providers; 
(c) each Pari Passu Borrower Hedge Counterparty; 
(d) each PP Noteholder; and 
(e) each other Authorised Credit Provider, 
provided that no Borrower Liquidity Facility Provider or Super 
Senior Hedge Counterparty shall be a Qualifying Borrower 
Secured Creditor. 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Debt 
means indebtedness owed by the Borrower Obligors to the 
Qualifying Borrower Secured Creditors. 
Qualifying Debt 
means either the Qualifying Issuer Secured Debt or the Qualifying 
Borrower Secured Debt as the context may require. 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors 
means: 
(a) the Bondholders; 
(b) each Authorised Issuer Institutional Loan Provider; 
(c) each PP Noteholder; and 
(d) each other Authorised Issuer Debt Provider, 
provided that no Issuer Liquidity Facility Provider shall be a 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditor. 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Debt 
means indebtedness owed by the Issuer to the Qualifying Issuer 
Secured Creditors. 
Qualifying Issuer Senior Debt 
means the Outstanding Principal Amount under the Authorised 
Issuer Debt. 
Quorum Requirement 
means: 
(a) in relation to an Ordinary Voting Matter, the percentage set 
forth in Clause 27.3 (Quorum Requirement for an Ordinary 
Voting Matter) of the Issuer STID and in Clause 14.2

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
 
(Quorum Requirement for an Ordinary Voting Matter) of the 
Borrower STID; 
(b) in relation to an Extraordinary Voting Matter, the 
percentages set forth in Clause 28.2 (Quorum Requirement 
for an Extraordinary Voting Matter) of the Issuer STID and 
in Clause 15.2 (Quorum Requirement for an Extraordinary 
Voting Matter) of the Borrower STID; and 
(c) in relation to a Direction Notice other than in connection 
with a Standstill, the percentage set forth in Clause 39.2 
(Quorum and Voting Requirements in respect of a Direction 
Notice) of the Issuer STID and Clause 24.2 (Quorum and 
Voting Requirements in respect of a Borrower Direction 
Notice) of the Borrower STID. 
RAC 
means, with respect to any matter, a written confirmation from 
each of the Rating Agencies that its then current rating of the 
Bonds and the PP Notes would not be adversely affected by that 
matter. 
Rating 
means: 
(a) a public or private credit rating of: (i) Caruna Networks; 
and/or (ii) the issue credit rating of the senior secured debt 
of Caruna Networks through any loans, bonds, debentures, 
notes, loan stock or any similar instrument by a Rating 
Agency; or 
(b) a published issuer or corporate family rating of Caruna 
Networks by a Rating Agency, 
provided that such a rating of any conduit lending vehicle that is 
based on loans securitised from any borrower under an ACF shall 
be treated as if it were such a rating of that borrower for the 
purpose of this definition. 
Rating Agencies 
means each of Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor and any 
successor to any of the aforementioned parties (and “Rating 
Agency” means any one of them). 
Ratings Confirmation 
means, in respect of a proposed action, a confirmation by the 
relevant Rating Agencies mandated by the Issuer from time to 
time (who give such Ratings Confirmations as a part of their 
mandate), in respect of each Tranche of the relevant Bonds, to the 
effect that the then ratings of such Tranche of Bonds would not be 
reduced below the lower of: (a) the credit ratings of such Bonds 
as at their Issue Date; and (b) Investment Grade. 
RC 
means regulatory capital.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
 
Recast Insolvency Regulation 
means Regulation (EC) 2015/898 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) 
as amended. 
Receiptholders 
means the several persons who are for the time being holders of 
the Receipts. 
Receipts 
means a receipt attached on issue to a Bearer Definitive Bond 
redeemable in instalments for the payment of an instalment of 
principal, such receipt being in the form or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Trust Deed or in such other form as may be 
required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of 
Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements 
for Receipts issued pursuant to Condition 16 (Replacement of 
Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
Receiver 
means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver in respect 
of the whole or any part of the Security. 
Redemption Amount 
means the amount provided under Condition 8 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options), unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Reference Banks 
means the principal London offices of any bank or financial 
institution appointed as such by the Issuer or Facility Agent, as 
applicable. 
Registered Bond(s) 
means those Bonds (if any) which are for the time being in 
registered form. 
Registered Definitive Bond(s) 
means a Registered Bond in definitive form issued or, as the case 
may require, to be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement or any other agreement 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed either on issue or in exchange for 
a Registered Global Bond or part thereof (all as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), such Registered Definitive Bond being 
in the form or substantially in the form set out Schedule 2 (Form 
of Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) to the Trust Deed with 
such modifications (if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction 
in which a particular Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold from 
time to time or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Bond Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s) and having 
the Conditions endorsed thereon or, if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange, incorporating the Conditions by reference as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and having the relevant 
information 
supplementing, 
replacing 
or 
modifying 
the 
Conditions appearing in the applicable Final Terms endorsed

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
thereon or attached thereto and having a Form of Transfer 
endorsed thereon. 
Registered Global Bond 
means a Regulation S Global Bond. 
Registrar 
means, in relation to any Tranche of Registered Bonds, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch or, if applicable, any successor registrar in 
relation to all or any Tranche of Bonds. 
Regulation S 
means Regulation S adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Bond 
means a registered global bond in the form or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) 
as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular 
Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as 
otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Registrar, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), together with the copy of the 
applicable Final Terms annexed thereto, comprising some or all 
of the Registered Bonds of the same Tranche sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Dealer Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and 
the Relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed. 
Regulatory Asset Value or RAV 
means the annually calculated net present value of the electricity 
network, derived from the aggregate Replacement Value and 
weighted average techno-economic lifetime value (as provided by 
EA) of all groups of components across the network. 
Regulatory Authority 
means the EA and any other additional or replacement 
governmental authority which may from time to time regulate any 
of the Borrower Obligors’ businesses. 
Relevant Currency 
means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Bonds are denominated. 
Relevant Dealer 
means, in the case of an issue of Bonds being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe to such Bonds. 
Relevant Date 
means (a) the date on which such payment first becomes due; or 
(b) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Bond Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent on 
or prior to the date specified in paragraph (a), above, the date on 
which notice that the full amount of such moneys has been so 
received is duly given to the Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
 
Relevant Month 
means the month that is to be considered for determining the 
Index Figure. 
Relevant Period 
means: 
(a) in respect of the Backward Lock-Up Tests, each period of 12 
months ending on each Calculation Date; 
(b) in respect of the Forward Lock-Up Tests, each period of 12 
months falling immediately after each Calculation Date; and 
(c) in respect of the Extended Forward Lock-Up Tests, each 
period of 36 months ending after each Calculation Date.  
Repeating Representations 
means the representations set out in: 
(a) paragraphs 1 (Status) to 6 (Choice of Law), 9 (No Filing or 
Stamp Taxes) and 11(b) (No Default or Trigger Event) of 
Part 1 (General) of Schedule 1 (Borrower Security Group 
Representations) to the Common Terms Agreement and 21 
(Good Title to Assets);  
(b) in respect of the Borrower Security Group’s most recent 
financial statements only, paragraphs 13 (Financial 
Statements) of Part 1 (General) of Schedule 1 (Borrower 
Security Group Representations) to the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
(c) paragraphs 1 (Incorporation) to 6 (No Subsidiaries, 
Employees or Premises), 11 (Solvency), 13 (Litigation) to 15 
(Events of Default), 17 (Corporate Power) to 19 (Validity of 
Issuer Finance Documents), 25 (Compliance) and 31 
(Prospectus) to Schedule 2 (Issuer Representations and 
Covenants), Part 1 (Issuer Representations)) to the Issuer 
STID; and 
(d) in respect of the Issuer’s most recent financial statements 
only, paragraph 10 (Issuer Financial Statements) of 
Schedule 2 (Issuer Representations and Covenants), Part 1 
(Issuer Representations)) to the Issuer STID. 
Replacement Value or RV 
means the cost of replacing electricity distribution network 
components, with the price being supplied by EA. 
Reservations 
means: 
(a) the principle that equitable remedies are remedies which 
may be granted or refused at the discretion of the court, the 
limitation of enforcement by laws relating to bankruptcy, 
insolvency, liquidation, reorganisation, court schemes, 
moratoria, administration and other laws generally affecting 
the rights of creditors; 
(b) the time barring of claims under applicable limitation laws 
(including the Limitation Acts), the possibility that an

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
 
undertaking to assume liability for or to indemnify a person 
against non-payment of stamp duty may be void, defences 
of set-off or counterclaim; and 
(c) any other general principles which are set out as 
qualifications as to matters of law in the legal opinions 
delivered to the Borrower Security Trustee under the 
Borrower CP Agreement. 
Reserved Matters 
has the meaning given to it in Schedule 3 (Reserved Matters) to 
the Borrower STID or Schedule 6 (Reserved Matters) to the Issuer 
STID. 
Restricted Payment 
means a payment under paragraph (d) of the definition of 
“Permitted Distribution”. 
Revolving Credit Facility 
means a revolving credit facility provided by the Revolving Credit 
Facility Providers and made available pursuant to an Authorised 
Credit Facility Agreement. 
Revolving Credit Facility Providers 
means the Initial ACF Lenders in their capacity as Revolving 
Credit Facility Providers, together with any party which provides 
Caruna Networks with a Revolving Credit Facility and accedes to 
the Common Terms Agreement and the Borrower STID. 
Safety Walks 
has the meaning given to it on page 96 of this Prospectus. 
Sairausvakuutuskassa 
means the Enerkemi sickness insurance fund. 
Sanctioning Authority 
means: 
(a) the United Nations Security Council; 
(b) the United States of America; 
(c) the European Union (or any of its member states); 
(d) the United Kingdom; 
(e) Australia; and 
(f) 
the governments and official institutions or agencies of any 
of paragraphs (a) to (e) above, including the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State and 
His Majesty’s Treasury. 
Sanctions 
means any trade, economic or financial sanctions laws, 
regulations or embargoes administered, enacted or enforced by a 
Sanctioning Authority.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
 
Sanctions Restricted Person 
means a person that is, or that is owned or controlled by, or that is 
acting on behalf of, a person that is: 
(a) listed on a list of Sanctions currently being administered, 
enacted or enforced by a Sanctioning Authority; 
(b) located in or organised under the laws of a country or 
territory that is the subject of country- or territory-wide 
Sanctions; or 
(c) otherwise a subject of Sanctions. 
Secured Creditors 
means the Borrower Secured Creditors or the Issuer Secured 
Creditors, as the case may be. 
Secured Debt 
means the Borrower Secured Debt or the Issuer Secured Debt, as 
the case may be. 
Securities Act 
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Security 
means the Borrower Security and the Issuer Security, as the case 
may be. 
Security Asset 
means: 
(a) the assets which from time to time are, or are expressed to 
be, the subject of the Issuer Security or any part of those 
assets; or 
(b) the assets which from time to time are, or are expressed to 
be, the subject of the Borrower Security or any part of those 
assets, 
as the context so requires. 
Security Documents 
means either the Borrower Security Documents or the Issuer 
Security Documents, as the case may be. 
Security Trustee 
means each of the Borrower Security Trustee and the Issuer 
Security Trustee, as the context may require. 
Senior Interest Cover Ratio 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of (a) funds 
from operations (after adding Net Finance Charges) to (b) Net 
Finance Charges. 
Senior Leverage Ratio 
means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of: (a) funds 
from operations to; (b) Senior Total Net Debt on the last day of 
that Relevant Period. 
Senior Total Net Debt 
means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of 
members of the Borrower Security Group for or in respect of 
Borrowings at that time, but: 
(a) excluding any such obligations to any other member of the 
Borrower Security Group or shareholder thereof (other than 
Borrowings acquired by such shareholder or member of the 
Borrower Security Group as part of a Debt Purchase 
Transaction (as such term is defined in any Authorised

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
 
Credit Facility) to the extent not discharged in accordance 
with the terms thereof); 
(b) excluding any such obligations in respect of any 
subordinated indebtedness; 
(c) including, in the case of Finance Leases only, their 
capitalised value; and 
(d) deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash 
Equivalent Investments held by any member of the 
Borrower Security Group at that time, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than 
once. 
Series of Bonds 
means a Tranche of Bonds together with any further Tranches of 
Bonds which are: 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and  
(b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for 
their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and/or Issue Prices and the expressions “Bonds of the 
relevant Series”, “holders of Bonds of the relevant 
Series” and related expressions shall (where appropriate) be 
construed accordingly. 
Side Forest Treatment(s) 
consist of the removal of trees (that are unstable or vulnerable to 
falling) next to overhead power lines in order to reduce the risk of 
a tree falling onto an overhead power line. The EM Act 2013 
permits DSOs to undertake Side Forest Treatments. Side Forest 
Treatments do not remove the risk of a tree falling onto an 
overhead power line as healthy and stable trees remain in place 
and could, in adverse conditions, fall onto overhead power lines. 
Signing Date 
means the date on which the Borrower Finance Documents (other 
than the Parent Share Pledge) and the Issuer Finance Documents 
(other than the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Issuer 
Corporate Administration Agreement) were signed, which was 3 
February 2016. 
Specified Currency 
means, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollars and such other currency or currencies 
as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the Relevant 
Dealer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination(s) 
means, in respect of a Series of Bonds, the denomination or 
denominations of such Bonds specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Standard & Poor’s 
means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Standby Drawing 
has the meaning given to it on pages 205 to 206 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
 
Standstill 
means, as provided for in Clauses 19.1 and 33.1 (Commencement 
of Standstill) of the Borrower and Issuer STID, respectively, a 
standstill of claims of the Secured Creditors against either the 
Issuer or the Borrower Security Group immediately upon 
notification to the Security Trustee of the occurrence of an Event 
of Default. 
Standstill Period 
means a period during which a standstill arrangement is 
subsisting, commencing on the date as determined in accordance 
with either the Issuer or Borrower STID, as the context may 
require, and ending on the date as determined in accordance with 
either the Borrower or Issuer STID, as required. 
Standstill Remedy 
means any waiver or remedy (as set out in the Issuer STID or the 
Borrower STID, as the context may require) through which a 
Standstill Period may come to an end. 
Sterling, GBP, pounds or £ 
means the lawful currency for the time being of the UK. 
STID Proposal 
means either an Issuer STID Proposal or a Borrower STID 
Proposal, as the context may require. 
Subordinated Liquidity Fee(s) 
has the meaning given to it on page 238 of this Prospectus. 
Subsidiary(ies) 
means: 
(a) for the purposes of any Irish company, a subsidiary within 
the meaning of section 7 of the Irish Companies Act 2014; 
(b) for the purposes of any English company, a subsidiary within 
the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 and, 
unless the context otherwise requires, a subsidiary 
undertaking within the meaning of section 1162 of the 
Companies Act 2006; 
(c) for the purposes of any Finnish company, a subsidiary within 
the meaning of Chapter 8, Section 12 of the Finnish 
Companies Act (624/2006) or pursuant to applicable 
equivalent legislation; 
(d) for the purposes of any Dutch company, a subsidiary within 
the meaning of article 2:24a of the Dutch Civil Code; and 
(e) for the purposes of any Luxembourg company, a subsidiary 
within the meaning of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies, as amended. 
Super Senior Borrower Hedging 
Agreement 
means a Borrower Hedging Agreement under which the 
obligations of Caruna Networks rank in priority to Caruna 
Networks’ obligations under the other Authorised Credit 
Facilities, the Revolving Credit Facility and the PP Notes. 
Super Senior Hedge Counterparty 
means the counterparty to any Super Senior Borrower Hedging 
Agreement.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
 
Super Senior Hedging Agreement 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation 
means any Super Senior Borrower Hedging. 
means Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020. 
Swap Transaction 
means a swap transaction, or the relevant portion of a swap 
transaction, entered into pursuant to a Hedging Agreement. 
Talon 
means the talons (if any) appertaining to, and exchangeable in 
accordance with the provisions therein contained for further 
Coupons appertaining to, the Bearer Definitive Bonds, such talons 
being in the form, or substantially in the form, set out in Part E 
(Form of Talon) of Schedule 2 (Form of Bonds, Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons) to the Trust Deed or in such other form as may be 
required in any jurisdiction in which a particular Tranche of 
Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Bond 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s) and includes any replacements 
for Talons issued pursuant to Condition 16 (Replacement of 
Bonds, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
Talonholders 
means the several persons who are for the time being holders of 
the Talons. 
T2 
means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
TARGET Business Day 
means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro. 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
means the deed entered into on the Signing Date by (among 
others) the Borrower Obligors and the Borrower Security Trustee. 
TCA 
means the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. 
Temporary Bearer Global Bond 
means a temporary global bond in the form, or substantially in the 
form, scheduled to the Trust Deed, together with the copy of the 
applicable Final Terms annexed thereto with such modifications 
(if any) as may be required in any jurisdiction in which a particular 
Tranche of Bonds may be issued or sold from time to time or as 
otherwise agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Bond Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s), comprising 
some or all of the Bearer Bonds of the same Tranche, issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement or any other 
agreement between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) relating 
to the Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed. 
Term Facility 
means the term facility made available to Caruna Networks under 
the Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement. 
Tranche 
means all Bonds which are identical in all respects (save for the 
Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date and Issue Price).

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
 
Transfer Agent(s) 
means, in relation to all or any Tranche of the Registered Bonds, 
the several institutions at their respective specified offices initially 
appointed as transfer agents in relation to such Bonds by the Issuer 
pursuant to the relative Agency Agreement and/or, if applicable, 
any successor transfer agents at their respective specified offices 
in relation to all or any Tranche of the Bonds. 
Transparency Directive 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 15 December 2004, as amended, on the harmonisation 
of transparency requirements in relation to information about 
issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market which came into force on 20 January. 
Treasury Transactions 
means any currency or interest rate purchase, cap or collar 
agreement, forward rate agreement, interest rate agreement, 
interest rate or currency or future or option contract, foreign 
exchange or currency purchase or sale agreement, interest rate 
swap, currency swap or combined similar agreement or any 
derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from 
fluctuations in any rate or price or currency. 
Trigger Event(s) 
means any of the events or circumstances identified as such in the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
Trust Deed 
means the trust deed dated on or about 29 January 2016 between 
the Issuer and the Bond Trustee under which Bonds will, on issue, 
be constituted and any deed supplemental thereto. 
Trust Documents  
means the Trust Deed, the Issuer STID, the Issuer Security 
Documents and any deed or other document executed in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, the Issuer STID or the Issuer 
Security Documents and expressed to be supplemental to the 
Trust Deed and the Issuer STID or the Issuer Security Documents. 
TSO 
means the Transmission System Operator. 
UCITS  
 
 
UK 
means an Undertaking for the Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities as regulated pursuant to Directive 
2014/91/EU, amending Directive 2006/65/EC. 
means the United Kingdom. 
UK CRA Regulation 
means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. 
UK MiFIR 
means Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
means the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
UK Prospectus Regulation 
means the Prospectus Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) as it forms 
part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act. 
UK Securitisation Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.
Underhedged Position 
has the meaning given to it on page 220 of this Prospectus. 
Upfront Fees 
has the meaning given to it on page 238 of this Prospectus. 
U.S. Dollar Bond 
means a U.S. Dollar denominated Bond issued pursuant to the 
Programme, and “U.S. Dollar Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
U.S. Dollars or dollars or USD or U.S.$ 
or $ 
means the lawful currency for the time being of the United States 
of America. 
Utilisation Date 
means the date upon which the relevant loan is to be made. 
Utilisation Request 
means a notice substantially in the form set out in Part 1 
(Utilisation Requests) of Schedule 2 (Utilisation Requests) to the 
Initial Authorised Credit Facilities Agreement. 
Volcker Rule  
means the final rule implementing section 13 of the Bank Holding 
Company Act of 1956, as added by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and as 
further described on page 30 of this Prospectus.  
Vote(s) 
means an instruction from a Bondholder to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or a tabulation agent to vote on its behalf as its proxy in 
respect of a Voting Matter, such instructions to be given in 
accordance with the Trust Deed. 
Voted Qualifying Debt 
means the Outstanding Principal Amount (in the case of Bonds, 
for the time being outstanding) actually voted thereon by the 
Qualifying Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Voting Closure Date 
means: 
(a) in relation to an Ordinary Issuer STID Resolution, the date 
on which the Issuer Security Trustee or Borrower Security 
Trustee has received votes sufficient to pass such Ordinary 
Issuer STID Resolution pursuant to Clause 27 (Ordinary 
Voting Matters) of the Issuer STID or Clause 14 (Ordinary 
Voting Matters) of the Borrower STID, respectively; and 
(b) in relation to an Extraordinary Issuer STID Resolution, the 
date on which the Issuer Security Trustee or Borrower 
Security Trustee has received votes sufficient to pass such 
Extraordinary Issuer STID Resolution pursuant to Clause 28 
(Extraordinary Voting Matters) of the Issuer STID or Clause 
15 (Extraordinary Voting Matters) of the Borrower STID, 
respectively.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
 
Voting Date 
has the meaning given to it in Schedule 3 (Provisions for Voting) 
to the Trust Deed. 
Voting Matter 
means any matter which is required to be approved by the Secured 
Creditors including without limitation: 
(a) any STID Proposal which requires the approval of the 
Secured Creditors; 
(b) any direction to be given by the Secured Creditors to their 
Secured Creditor Representative (if any) to challenge the 
determination of the voting category made by either the 
Issuer or the Borrower Security Group Agent, as the context 
may require, in a STID Proposal, and/or (where the Secured 
Creditors are Affected Secured Creditors) whether a STID 
Proposal gives rise to an Entrenched Right; 
(c) any directions required or entitled to be given by Secured 
Creditors pursuant to the Finance Documents; and 
(d) any other matter which requires the approval of or consent 
of the Secured Creditors. 
Voting Period 
means the period ending on the Voting Date or, if earlier, the date 
of the Voting Notice issued by the Issuer Security Trustee in 
respect of such Voting Matter (if applicable). 
WACC 
means weighted average cost of capital. 
Working Capital or WC Facility 
means a revolving working capital facility provided by WC 
Facility lenders and made available pursuant to an Authorised 
Credit Facility Agreement.

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
32 Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
BOND TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUER SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
BORROWER SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Caruna Group as to English Law 
To the Arranger, the Dealers, the Borrower  
Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee  
and the Bond Trustee as to English Law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Caruna Group as to Dutch Law 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to Dutch Law 
Linklaters LLP 
Zuidplein 180 
WTC Amsterdam, Tower H, 22nd Floor 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To the Caruna Group as to Finnish Law 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to Finnish Law 
Roschier Attorneys Ltd. 
Kasarmikatu 21A 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
Waselius & Wist 
Eteläesplanadi 24 A 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Issuer as to Irish law 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to Irish Law 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
ISSUER ACCOUNT BANK 
BNP Paribas, London Branch 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London NW1 6AA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
13th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
25 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Ireland LLP 
Earlsfort Terrace, Hatch Street & Hardwicke House 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE CARUNA GROUP 
Deloitte Oy 
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
P.O. Box 122, Helsinki 
Finland 
 
TAX ADVISERS TO THE CARUNA GROUP 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1 More London Place 
London 
SE1 2AF 
Ernst & Young Oy 
Alvar Aalon Katu 5 C 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden