--- Page 1 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
Final Version 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
TRANSALP 
EUR 10,000,000,000 TransAlp Structured Note Programme 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc (formerly Genius Securities plc) (the "Issuer") or any other issuer acceding 
to this programme (each being an "Issuer" and collectively the "Issuers") may from time to time issue 
Notes (the "Notes") and enter into Alternative Investments (together with the Notes, the "Debt 
Investments") under its EUR 10,000,000,000 TransAlp Structured Note Programme (the 
"Programme") on the terms set out herein, as further detailed in the applicable final terms ("Final 
Terms") or pricing supplement ("Pricing Supplement" and, together with the Final Terms, the 
"Issuance Documents and each of them an "Issuance Document"). Notes will be issued to UniCredit 
Bank AG ("UniCredit"), the initial dealer in respect of the Programme, and any additional dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific Series or 
on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). The Debt Investments may be 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to each Series. In connection with any Debt 
Investments, an Issuer may enter into associated Hedge Agreement(s). The Debt Investments may 
benefit from security interests granted by the Issuer over the underlying assets held or entered into by it 
for such series of Debt Investments or they may be unsecured.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Debt Investments from time to time outstanding in 
respect of Issuer under the Programme will not exceed EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies), subject to increase from time to time. 
Responsibility 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Noteholders (as defined below) in respect of a particular Series of Notes shall have recourse (within the 
limits provided for under the Programme) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series of 
Notes and shall have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme or any other person. 
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") of a particular Series will be 
limited to the Underlying Assets applicable to that Series. If the net proceeds of the enforcement or 
liquidation of the Underlying Assets for any Series are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments 
due in respect of the Notes of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will not be available for payment 
of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne by Noteholders of each Series as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment 
in excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of any 
such shortfall remaining after either (i) in the case of Secured Notes realisation of the Secured Property 
and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) 
or (ii) in respect of Unsecured Notes, liquidation of the Series Property and application of the proceeds 
in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Terms Module (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series). None of the 
Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), Fiscal Agenct (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) or any 
Noteholder may take any further action to recover such shortfall. 
The Issuer at its discretion, in respect of a Series, may either (i) purchase bonds or notes of any 
denomination, type or issuer or other assets as specified in the relevant Issuance Document 
("Underlying Assets") and/or (ii) enter into alternative investments specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document (the "Alternative Investments") and/or (iii) enter into Hedge Agreement(s) with UniCredit, 
any of its affiliates or any other financial institution (the "Swap Counterparty") in connection with any 
Debt Investments or as otherwise specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  
Validity 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent 
of the Issuer for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement it in the

--- Page 2 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
2 
 
 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the date 
falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 as contemplated by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application will be made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for certain Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Official List") and 
admitted to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
Fiscal Agency Series and Notes issued incorporating the Fiscal Agency Terms Module are not to be 
admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market or GEM (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
Application may also be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme for the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Euronext Official List 
and to trading on its Global Exchange Market ("GEM"). This document constitutes "Base Listing 
Particulars" for the purpose of such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin. Where 
Notes are to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the GEM of Euronext Dublin, 
the form of issuance document contained herein will constitute a "Pricing Supplement" under the Base 
Listing Particulars. The GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval 
relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the GEM. 
However, the Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market 
under the Programme (the "Unlisted Notes") and the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on 
such other stock exchange(s) outside the EU or markets as may be specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document. The relevant Issuance Document in respect of the issue of any Notes, will specify whether 
or not application has been made for such Notes to be (i) listed on the Euronext Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted to trading on GEM or (ii) listed on or admitted to trading 
on any other stock exchange or if the relevant Notes will be unlisted. 
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or any other 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II may only be issued (i) by way of Final Terms under this 
Base Prospectus or (ii) pursuant to a series prospectus relating to the Notes that incorporates by reference 
to whole or any part of this Base Prospectus (the "Series Prospectus").  
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on GEM may only be issued by way of 
Pricing Supplement under these Base Listing Particulars where (i) a public offering of the Notes is not 
intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (iii) the Underlying Assets constitute Specified 
Underlying Assets (as defined herein) and (iv) the Swap Counterparty is a Specified Swap Counterparty. 
Where (i) a public offering or distribution of the Notes is intended, (ii) the minimum specified

--- Page 3 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
3 
 
 
denomination of the Notes is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes) or (iii) the Underlying Assets of the Notes are not Specified Underlying Assets or 
(iv) the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes is not a Specified Swap Counterparty, then a Series 
Prospectus will be required for the Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID 
II. 
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way of a 
Pricing Supplement under these Base Listing Particulars. For this purpose, references in these Base 
Listing Particulars to "Base Prospectus", "Pricing Supplement" and "Series Prospectus(es)" shall be 
deemed to be references to "Base Listing Particulars", "Pricing Supplement" and "Listing Particulars 
Supplement(s)" respectively. 
Payments in respect of the Notes comprising each Series will be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any taxes unless required by law. The Issuer will not be obliged to gross up payments 
in respect of the Notes and any imposition of withholding taxes on payments in respect thereof may lead 
to redemption of Notes.  
Credit Ratings 
The Programme is not rated. Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Notes 
may be rated by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"), Moody's Investors Service Inc ("Moody's") and/or 
S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global ("S&P"). Where Notes are rated (i) the applicable 
rating(s) and (ii) whether or not such rating(s) will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
"CRA Regulation") will be specified in the Conditions. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Documents incorporated by reference 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
No representations 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Issuance Document in connection with the issue 
or sale of a Series of Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealer (each as defined in "Overview of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
None of the Arranger, the Trustee or any Dealer has or will have separately verified the information 
contained herein or in any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is or will be made and no responsibility or 
liability is or will be accepted by the Arranger, the Trustee or any Dealer as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or in any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, or any other information provided by the Issuer or any relevant Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph 
are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been

--- Page 4 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
4 
 
 
and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Issuer 
has not registered and will not register under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "Investment Company Act"). Consequently, the Notes may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered 
or transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), except in accordance with the Securities Act 
or an exemption therefrom or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and under circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register under 
the Investment Company Act. The Notes may only be offered for sale outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S and in compliance with applicable 
laws, regulations and directives. In addition, the Notes may not be transferred or held by any person that 
is a "United States Person" within the meaning of section 7701(a)(3) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986. See "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issuance Document in respect of any Notes 
issued by an Issuer includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Issuance Document in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issuance Document in respect of any Notes 
issued by an Issuer includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or

--- Page 5 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
5 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Issuance Document in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but that, 
otherwise, neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
6 
 
 
DISCLAIMERS 
No Offer 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
the Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Independent Investigation  
Purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, 
the security arrangements and the Notes as they consider appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of 
an investment in the Notes. The Dealer does not make any representation, recommendation or warranty, 
express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the 
information contained herein or in any further information, notice or other document which may at any 
time be supplied in connection with the Notes and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability 
therefor. The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Dealer. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus contains all 
information with respect to the Issuer and the Notes that is material in the context of the issue and 
offering of the Notes, (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer are in 
every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in 
this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer are honestly held, have been reached after considering all 
relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation 
to the Issuer or the Notes the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the 
Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and (iv) all 
reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of 
all such information and statements. 
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk 
Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and 
analysis regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements (if any), the Notes, the Issuer (applicable to their 
Series) and the Shares (applicable to their Series) as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should have sufficient knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical 
resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus (each a "Supplement") and the applicable Issuance Document (if any) and the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes in the context of their financial position and circumstances. The Dealer 
does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Dealer. The risk factors identified in this 
Base Prospectus and are provided as general information only and the Dealer disclaims any 
responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and investment considerations associated 
therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank 
manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. It should be remembered that the price of 
securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
Claims of the Noteholders, the holders of Alternative Investments and the Counterparty (if any) 
of each Series will be limited in recourse to the Underlying Property relating to such Series (see 
"Risk Factors – Limited recourse"). 
Selling and transfer restrictions will apply to any offer or sale of Notes within the United States, 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the United

--- Page 7 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
7 
 
 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) outside the United States, as set 
out in this Base Prospectus and/or in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks involved in investing in the Notes (see "Risk 
Factors" on pages 18 to 34 and, where applicable, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable). 
Benchmarks Regulation  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of either Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"BMR") or BMR as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK BMR"), as applicable. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by 
an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by either the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the BMR or by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of UK BMR. Transitional provisions in the BMR or UK BMR, as applicable, may 
have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The registration status of any administrator under the BMR or UK BMR, as applicable, is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult 
his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated 
with making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may 
arise from it. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, AND NONE OF THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED STATES HAS PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY 
OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND WILL 
NOT REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND 
SALE OF THE NOTES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS PURSUANT 
TO REGULATION S, FOR THE LISTING OF THE NOTES ON IRISH STOCK EXCHANGE'S 
(EURONEXT DUBLIN) EURONEXT OFFICIAL LIST AND TRADING ON THE REGULATED 
MARKET OR GEM. IN ADDITION, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR HELD BY 
ANY PERSON THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 
7701(A)(30) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF

--- Page 8 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
8 
 
 
THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE TES AND 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS". 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain matters contained within this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, 
those regarding the Issuer's financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management 
for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward- looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking 
statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based, save as otherwise required to 
comply with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Arranger and Dealer 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 November 2022

--- Page 9 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
9 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 18 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 35 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ................................................................................................ 40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................... 43 
TERMS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 44 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE ............................................................ 45 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE ............................................................ 121 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE ............................................................................... 129 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ..................................................................................... 155 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ..................................................................... 157 
DESCRIPTION OF TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC ..................................................... 158 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY ........................................................... 161 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................... 166 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY .... 167 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................... 168 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS..................................... 177 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 183 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 185 
FORM OF APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ........................................................ 203 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................... 220

--- Page 10 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This summary must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to any 
particular Series of Notes, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. No civil 
liability attaches to any Issuer in respect of this Summary, including any translation hereof, unless it is 
misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of this Base Prospectus, 
including documents incorporated by reference. Where a claim relating to information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State of the European Economic Area, the 
plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the Member State where the claim is brought, be required 
to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus and, in relation to any particular Series of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, before the legal proceedings are 
initiated. 
This Summary is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the Issuance 
Document relating to the Series of which any Note is a part. 
Issuer: 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc (the "Issuer") or any other issuer 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, that has acceded to the Programme. 
Description: 
EUR 10,000,000,000 TransAlp Structured Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank AG. 
Dealer: 
UniCredit Bank AG and/or any other Dealers appointed in 
respect of an issue of Notes. 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time appoint additional 
Dealers either in respect of one or more Series or in respect 
of the whole Programme or terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch or such other Principal Paying 
Agent appointed in respect of a Series of Notes and specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
A Principal Paying Agent shall only be appointed for Trustee 
Series (as defined below). 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch or such other Fiscal Agent 
appointed in respect of a Series of Notes and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
A Fiscal Agent shall only be appointed for Fiscal Agency 
Series (as defined below). 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Public Limited Company or such other 
Registrar appointed in respect of a Series of Notes and 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
Custodian: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch or such other Custodian 
appointed in respect of a Series of Notes and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 11 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
11 
 
 
Trustee: 
Vistra Capital Markets Trustees Limited or such other Trustee 
appointed in respect of a Series of Notes and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The Trustee shall only be appointed for Trustee Series. 
The Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution remove 
any Trustee. Under the Trust Instrument, the Issuer 
undertakes that in the event that the only trustee under the 
Trust Instrument is removed by Extraordinary Resolution it 
will use its best endeavours to procure that a new trustee 
under the Trust Instrument is appointed as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter, and that the removal of an existing 
Trustee by Extraordinary Resolution shall not be effective 
until a successor trustee is appointed. The retiring trustee shall 
have the right to appoint a new trustee if the Issuer does not 
do so within three (3) months of the Extraordinary Resolution 
being passed.  
Maximum Amount of 
Programme: 
EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), 
subject to increase from time to time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Distribution: 
Each Series will be issued to the relevant Dealer(s) or to the 
other subscriber(s) to such Series by way of private placement 
or public issue, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or 
the relevant currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Issue Price: 
Where applicable, Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a 
partly- paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount or premium to par. 
Types of Notes: 
The relevant terms applicable to any type of Note which the 
relevant Issuer and any Dealer may agree to issue under the 
Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Each Series of Notes will 
be given a separate identifiable series number. 
In respect of each Series of Notes, either the Trustee or the 
Fiscal Agent will be appointed.  A Series of Notes in respect 
of which the Trustee is appointed (a "Trustee Series") will 
be constituted by a Trust Instrument which incorporates the 
Trust Terms Module (with any amendments specified in such 
Trust Instrument).  A Series of Notes in respect of which the 
Fiscal Agent is appointed (a "Fiscal Agency Series") will be 
issued pursuant to an Issue Deed which incorporates the

--- Page 12 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
12 
 
 
Fiscal Agency Terms Module (with any amendments 
specified in such Issue Deed). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in respect of any Series of Notes 
at such rate or rates and on such dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Fixed Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating rate interest will be payable in respect of any Series 
of Notes at such rate and on such dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as 
specified in, or determined pursuant to, the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Floating Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable). 
Interest at a floating rate payable in respect of any Series of 
Notes will be determined either: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest-rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Currency of Issue governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
in each case, as indicated in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or registered form. 
Bearer Notes will either (a) initially be represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note or (b) be represented by a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, in each case which will be 
deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg on or before the Issue Date. 
Beneficial interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Note will 
be exchangeable for either beneficial interests in a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note or definitive Bearer Notes, in each case 
on or after the date which is 40 days after the date on which 
the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued and upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required

--- Page 13 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
13 
 
 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. A Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for 
definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange Event. 
Registered Notes will be represented by a Global Certificate 
deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or by Individual Certificates. Prior to expiry of 
the applicable Distribution Compliance Period required by 
Regulation S, beneficial interests in a Global Certificate and 
Individual Certificates may not be offered or sold to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person. Beneficial interests 
in a Global Certificate may not be held otherwise than 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Bearer Global Note or 
a Global Certificate will be able to exchange or transfer that 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, where the 
context so permits, any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. In addition, Global Certificates 
and, if applicable, any Individual Certificates will be subject 
to certain restrictions on transfer set out in a legend thereon 
and in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer 
Global Note or a Global Certificate held by a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, each person who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal, premium (if any), interest or other amounts on such 
Notes, for which purpose such common depositary shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations and such 
increments as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Early Redemption: 
Notes will be redeemable prior to maturity only in limited 
circumstances upon the occurrence of certain events relating 
to the relevant Issuer as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption) 
or relating to an acceleration of the Notes as specified in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), or as otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent

--- Page 14 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
14 
 
 
in other currencies), unless such Notes may not be redeemed 
until the first anniversary of their date of issue. 
Optional Early Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer or 
the Noteholders prior to their stated maturity, on such dates 
and on such terms as are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Taxation: 
The relevant Issuer will not be obliged to gross up any 
payments in respect of the Notes (including for tax suffered 
in respect of a payment under the Underlying Assets or any 
Hedge Agreement(s)). 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Rating: 
The Programme is not rated. Notes of any Series may be rated 
by S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global ("S&P"), 
Moody's Investors Service Inc. ("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings 
Ltd. ("Fitch") and/or any other recognised debt rating agency, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. The ratings will vary depending 
upon, among other things, the rating of the obligor(s) in 
respect of the relevant Underlying Assets and any Hedge 
Agreement(s). A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. A suspension, change or withdrawal of the rating 
assigned to the Notes may adversely affect the market price 
of the Notes. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes of each Series will be direct, limited recourse 
obligations of the relevant Issuer ranking pari passu and 
without preference among themselves. 
A Series of Notes may be a Secured Series or an Unsecured 
Series (as defined below), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Security: 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which security is 
granted over the Secured Property of such Series for the 
benefit of Noteholders and the other Secured Creditors 
("Secured Series") or in respect of which no security is 
granted by the Issuer over the Series Property of such Series 
("Unsecured Series"), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
All Trustee Series shall be Secured Series. A Fiscal Agency 
Series may be either a Secured Series or an Unsecured Series 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, for the relevant Fiscal Agency 
Series). 
The relevant Issuer is not subject to a general negative pledge 
but has covenanted to grant security only in limited 
circumstances as set out in Condition 18 (Restrictions) to 
secure other limited recourse debt incurred by it. 
Attention of investors is drawn to "Risk Factors – Limited 
recourse" below.

--- Page 15 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
15 
 
 
Security – Trustee Series: 
All Trustee Series shall be Secured Series. Unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, in respect of Trustee Series the relevant Issuer will 
grant to the Trustee the following security to secure its 
obligations under each Series and any Charged Agreement(s): 
(i) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all 
of the relevant Issuer's Rights under the Agency 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all 
of the Issuer's Rights to, under and in respect of, the 
Charged Assets; 
(iii) 
a first fixed charge over the Charged Assets and all 
Rights and sums derived therefrom; 
(iv) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of the 
relevant 
Issuer's 
Rights 
under 
the 
Charged 
Agreement(s), the relevant Issuer's Rights under the 
Sale Agreement and the relevant Issuer's Rights 
under any Additional Agreement; and 
(v) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all 
of the relevant Issuer's Rights to any of its bank 
accounts in respect of such Series (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the relevant Issuer's bank 
account containing the paid up ordinary share capital 
of the relevant Issuer). 
The Notes may also be secured by additional security 
documents and/or on such other assets as may be specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Security – Fiscal Agency Series: 
The security interests granted in respect of a Fiscal Agency 
Series which is also a Secured Series will be granted pursuant 
to one or more Charging Documents (in favour of such 
person(s) as are specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, for the relevant Fiscal Agency 
Series) and described in the relevant Issue Deed.  
The relevant security interests shall not be held by or granted 
in favour of the Fiscal Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall have 
no responsibility for the enforcement or realisation of the 
relevant security interests. 
Underlying Assets: 
The Issuer of a Series of Notes will purchase or enter into 
bonds, notes, securities, cash deposits denominated in any 
currency, the benefit of loans, Schuldscheine, equity interests 
(including shares and participating income notes), other 
assets or contractual or other rights, all as more particularly 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
The Underlying Assets relating to each Series will be owned 
by the relevant Issuer and (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) 
shall be deposited with the Custodian for such Series subject

--- Page 16 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
16 
 
 
to the security interests granted in favour of the Trustee. In 
such event, the payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Underlying Assets shall be paid into the account of the 
Counterparty as designated from time to time (where there is 
a Hedge Agreement) or otherwise to the account of the 
Principal Paying Agent as designated from to time, to be paid 
to the Noteholders under the Notes.  
The relevant Issuer and at their option, the Noteholders, may 
substitute or replace Underlying Assets in certain 
circumstances as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
In respect of a Secured Series where security is granted by the 
Issuer over the Underlying Assets, such Underlying Assets 
shall also be referred to as the "Charged Assets".  
In respect of an Unsecured Series, such Underlying Assets 
shall also be referred to as the "Series Assets". 
Underlying Rights: 
In respect of each Secured Series, any and all other assets 
and/or rights of the Issuer (other than the Underlying Assets) 
which are attributed to such Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable), 
including the rights of the Issuer under any Charged 
Agreement entered into in connection with a Secured Series.  
In respect of a Secured Series, such Underlying Rights shall 
also be referred to as the "Charged Rights". 
In respect of an Unsecured Series, such Underlying Rights 
shall also be referred to as the "Series Rights". 
Underlying Property: 
In relation to a Secured Series, the Underlying Property is the 
assets over which any security is created by the Issuer from 
time to time in respect of a Series of Notes, including, as 
applicable the Charged Assets and the Charged Rights. 
In respect of a Secured Series, such Underlying Property shall 
also be referred to as the "Secured Property".  
In relation to an Unsecured Series, the Underlying Property is 
the assets of the Issuer backing such Series of Notes, 
including, as applicable the Series Assets and Series Rights.  
In respect of an Unsecured Series, such Underlying Property 
shall also be referred to as the "Series Property". 
Hedge Agreements: 
The Issuer of a Series may enter into a swap agreement, swap 
agreements or other hedging agreements to hedge risks in 
connection with such Series.  
There is no requirement that a Series of Notes shall have a 
Hedge Agreement. 
In respect of a Secured Series where security is granted by the 
Issuer over its rights under the relevant Hedge Agreement(s), 
any such Hedge Agreement shall also be referred to as a 
"Charged Agreement(s)". 
Priority of Claims: 
The relative priority of claims of the Noteholders of each 
Series and the Counterparty will be "Noteholder Priority

--- Page 17 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
17 
 
 
Basis", "Pari Passu Basis" or "Counterparty Priority Basis", 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. See Condition 5 (Application of 
Proceeds). 
Instructing Creditor: 
The Instructing Creditor shall be the person(s) entitled to 
request the Trustee to take certain actions contemplated in the 
Conditions (in particular Condition 11 (Event of Default) and 
Condition 12 (Enforcement)) in respect of a particular Series. 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, will specify, in relation to the related Series, 
whether the Instructing Creditor is: 
(i) 
the Counterparty only; or 
(ii) 
the Noteholders only. 
Accordingly, the Instructing Creditor in respect of a 
Series will not necessarily be the Noteholders. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. Any Alternative 
Investments entered into by the Issuer may be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, English law or any other 
laws, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, 
the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and the 
Republic of Ireland and such other restrictions as may be 
required (and specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Series. See "Subscription and Sale and 
Selling Restrictions" below.

--- Page 18 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The purchase of Notes may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the 
risks and the merits of an investment in the Notes. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the Notes are not principal protected and purchasers of 
Notes are exposed to full loss of principal. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Some of these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur and 
the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of an Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not 
represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and any relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and, in the light of 
their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Unless otherwise specified, the below risk factors apply in respect of the Issuer and/or each Series of 
Notes issued by the Issuer, as applicable. 
Investor suitability 
Investment in the Notes may only be suitable for investors who: 
(i) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in the Notes and the rights attaching to the Notes; 
(ii) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period 
of time; 
(iii) 
are acquiring the Notes for their own account for investment, not with a view to resale, 
distribution or other disposition of the Notes (subject to any applicable law requiring that the 
disposition of the investor's property be within its control); and 
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the Notes for a substantial period 
of time, if at all. 
(1) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and has been circumscribed specific activities  
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Notes or 
entering into related derivative or other contracts. The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not 
to, as long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, without the consent of (i) the Trustee, in respect of a 
Trustee Series; or (ii) the Instructing Creditor, in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series, engage in any activity 
or business except as provided for or contemplated by the Notes, and to perform any acts incidental to 
or necessary in connection therewith, or any act required by law, regulation or order of any court to be 
performed. As such, the activities of the Issuer are circumscribed and the Issuer may only do certain 
things if it receives either prior consent (which may or may not be forthcoming) or gives prior written 
notice. 
As a special purpose vehicle the Issuer has (and will have) no assets other than its issued and paid-up 
share capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Notes from time to time, 
any Series Assets, any other assets in respect of which a Secured Series is secured. Therefore,

--- Page 19 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
19 
 
 
Noteholders will have limited recourse only in respect of such assets (see also "Risks relating to the 
Notes – Limited Recourse") and once such assets are extinguished Noteholders will have no further 
claims against the Issuer. There is a risk that under such scenario a Noteholder is unable to receive a 
full, if any, return on their investment. 
Examination  
Examination is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) to facilitate the 
survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. If an examiner (as defined under the Companies Act 
2014) is appointed, they shall have the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by 
the Issuer after the examiner's appointment, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given 
by the Issuer prior to his appointment and may sell assets which are the subject of a fixed charge (subject 
to the condition that an examiner shall discharge the amount due to the holders of a fixed charge through 
the proceeds of any such sale).  In particular, Noteholders should be aware of the potential for the 
examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the terms of the Notes prohibiting the creation of 
security or the incurrence of borrowings by the Issuer in order to enable the examiner to borrow in order 
to fund the Issuer during the protection period. Noteholders should be aware that such powers may have 
a negative impact on the Noteholders' position in relation to the Notes and the ability for the Noteholders 
to receive a return, if any, on their investment. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the Issuer or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the appropriate Irish Circuit Court or the Irish 
High Court (each an "Irish Court") when at least one (1) class of impaired creditors has voted in favour 
of the proposals and the relevant Irish Court is satisfied that such proposals are fair and equitable in 
relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose interests 
would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. In considering proposals by the 
examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form separate classes of creditors. 
Noteholders should be aware that there is a risk that a scheme of arrangement is approved that involves 
the writing down of the debt due by the Issuer to the Noteholders, which may have an adverse effect on 
the return on the Noteholders' investment. In a scenario where an examiner is appointed but no scheme 
of arrangement is approved resulting in the liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer, any costs and 
expenses owed to the examiner (including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner on behalf of the 
Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish Court) will take priority over any amounts owed to the 
Noteholders under the Notes, resulting in the risk that the amounts available for distribution to the 
Noteholders not being sufficient to repay the Noteholders in full (if at all). 
(2) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Limited recourse  
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Alternative Investments of each Series 
and any Hedge Agreements will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered 
from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee (in respect of a Secured Series) in respect 
of the Underlying Property in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. To the extent that such sums are less than the amount which the 
Noteholders of a Series and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the difference being 
referred to herein as a "shortfall"), claims against the Issuer will be limited to the Underlying Property 
relating to such Series. The proceeds of realisation of such Underlying Property may be less than the 
sums due to the Noteholders and the Counterparty and, in such event, any such shortfall will be borne 
by such Noteholders and by such Counterparty (if any) in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Each Noteholder or holder of an Alternative Investment (as the case may be), by subscribing for or 
purchasing such Notes or Alternative Investments (as the case may be), will be deemed to accept and 
acknowledge that it is fully aware that, in the event of a shortfall, (i) the Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to pay, and the other assets (if any) of the Issuer including, in particular, assets held or entered

--- Page 20 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
20 
 
 
into for or securing other Series will not be available for payment of, such shortfall, (ii) all claims in 
respect of such shortfall shall be extinguished and (iii) the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), the 
Noteholders or holders of Alternative Investments (as the case may be) and the Counterparty shall have 
no further claim against the Issuer in respect of such unpaid amounts and will accordingly not be able 
to petition for the winding up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer as a consequence of 
such shortfall. 
The Notes and Alternative Investments of each Series are direct, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer alone and not of the officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporator of 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Counterparty or the obligor(s) in respect of any Underlying Assets. 
Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any Dealer(s). 
Noteholders should be aware that in the case of a shortfall and the Underlying Property relating to such 
Series not being sufficient to cover all distributions and amounts to Noteholders, a Noteholder may not 
receive a full, if any, return on their investment.  
The validity of the contractual priority of payment following an event of default relating to the 
Counterparty could be open to challenge 
The validity of contractual priorities of payments such as those contemplated in this Base Prospectus 
has been challenged in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a 
secured creditor (in that case a swap counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities 
breach the "anti-deprivation" principle under English and U.S. insolvency law. This principle prevents 
a party from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency. It was 
argued that where a secured creditor subordinates itself to noteholders in the event of its insolvency, that 
secured creditor effectively deprives its own creditors. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in 
Belmont Park Investments PTY Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and 
Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. [2011] UK SC 38 unanimously upheld the decision of the 
Court of Appeal in dismissing this argument and upholding the validity of similar priorities of payment, 
stating that, provided that such provisions form part of a commercial transaction entered into in good 
faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one of its main purposes the deprivation of the 
property of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation principle was not breached by such 
provisions. 
In parallel proceedings in New York, Judge Peck of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District 
of New York granted Lehman Brothers Special Finance Inc.'s motion for summary judgement on the 
basis that the effect was that the provisions infringed the anti-deprivation principle in a U.S. insolvency. 
Judge Peck acknowledged that this resulted in the U.S. courts coming to a decision "directly at odds 
with the judgement of the English Courts". In New York, whilst leave to appeal was granted, the case 
was settled before an appeal was heard. Therefore concerns still remain that the English and U.S. courts 
will diverge in their approach which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in New York, may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes and Noteholders should therefore be 
aware that any such unfavourable decision may have a negative effect on the total return on the 
Noteholders' investment under the Notes. There remains the issue whether in respect of the foreign 
insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor located in a foreign jurisdiction, an English court will 
exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the foreign insolvency proceedings, whether under the 
Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar common law principles. Given the current 
state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus particularly in respect of multi-
jurisdictional insolvencies. 
Non-petition 
The Noteholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings (whether 
court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, members, 
incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of its assets.

--- Page 21 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
21 
 
 
Leverage 
The Notes may use leverage as a means to increase the amounts paid (if any) in respect of the Notes. 
Leveraged exposure results in the effect of small price movements being magnified and Noteholders 
should be aware that this may lead to proportionally greater losses in respect of the Notes and may 
adversely affect the return on the Notes as compared to an unleveraged exposure. If market conditions 
change, the value of the Notes will be more volatile than if there was no leverage. Prospective investors 
should further note that the return of an investment in the Notes may be zero even if no leverage is used. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity 
The Notes may be redeemed on a date prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to the Early Redemption 
provisions under the Notes, which include, but are not limited to:  
(i) 
on the occurrence of an Event of Default;  
(ii) 
the occurrence of a Valuation Event and the subsequent designation of an Early Termination 
Date (as defined in the Hedge Agreement) by the Counterparty;  
(iii) 
certain tax related events;  
(iv) 
an early termination of a Hedge Agreement and certain other mandatory redemption 
circumstances; and 
(v) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that Underlying Assets 
Event of Default is applicable, on the determination of a Underlying Assets 
Repudiation/Moratorium or an Underlying Assets Restructuring or an Underlying Assets 
Repudiation/Moratorium or an Underlying Assets Restructuring by the Calculation Agent, in 
each case as further described in the Conditions,  
the Notes may be declared immediately due and payable prior to their due date for redemption. 
Noteholders should be aware that if the Notes are redeemed early, the redemption amount payable may 
be significantly less than the amount that would have been payable on the Maturity Date and Noteholders 
may lose a significant portion of their investment in the Notes as a result thereof.  
Notably if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that Valuation Event is 
applicable, then following the occurrence of a Valuation Event (regardless of whether such Valuation 
Event is continuing) the Counterparty shall have the right (but not the obligation) to designate an Early 
Termination Date under the Hedge Agreement, following which the Notes will be redeemed early. Either 
(i) a decline in the market value of the Underlying Assets and/or (ii) a decline in the market value of the 
Hedge Agreement from the perspective of the Issuer could lead to a Valuation Event. In determining 
whether to exercise its option to designate an Early Termination Date under the Hedge Agreement, the 
Counterparty shall not be required to take into account the interests of the Noteholders. If a Valuation 
Event occurs and the Notes are redeemed early, Noteholders may receive less than they would have had 
the Notes not been subject to early redemption. 
If the Notes are declared immediately due and payable prior to their due date for redemption in these 
circumstances, the Hedge Agreements will be terminated early and a swap termination payment, which 
may be a substantial amount, may become payable under the Hedge Agreements either by the Issuer to 
the Counterparty or by the Counterparty to the Issuer. In accordance with the Conditions, a Counterparty 
under a Hedge Agreement ranks prior to Noteholders, and as a result, funds available to the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes will be applied to pay any such amounts owed to the Counterparty prior to 
any distributions made to the Noteholders. Noteholders should be aware that this may result in their not 
being sufficient amounts available for distribution to satisfy all amounts owed to the Noteholders. If the 
Notes are declared due and payable, in respect of a Secured Series the security therefore may in certain 
circumstances also become enforceable. Noteholders should be aware that this may also result in there 
not being sufficient amounts available for the Issuer to satisfy all amounts owed to Noteholders.

--- Page 22 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
22 
 
 
Credit Ratings of the Notes 
The Programme is not rated. Notes of any Series may be rated by S&P, Moody's, Fitch and/or any other 
recognised debt rating agency, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities in as much as such 
rating does not comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor, and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time. 
If the Notes are rated, the credit rating will depend on, amongst other things, the combination of credit 
quality, the Issuer, and time to maturity. Any credit ratings assigned to the Notes represent the relevant 
rating agencies' opinions regarding the credit quality of the Notes and are not a guarantee of quality. 
Rating Agencies do not evaluate the risks of fluctuations in market value. Therefore, the ratings assigned 
to the Notes by a Rating Agency may not fully reflect the true risks of an investment in the Notes and 
may, in any event, be subject to certain qualifications. Each rating agency has its own methodology and 
modelling assumptions for rating transactions. Ratings are sensitive to the methodology and modelling 
assumptions used. Different models and different assumptions may, and in all likelihood would, produce 
different results. Furthermore, the risk profile and risk-return of the Notes may differ from that of another 
equivalently rated corporate bond. Prospective Noteholders should ensure they understand what any 
rating associated with the Notes (or the ratings associated with another party under the Programme) 
means and what it addresses and does not address. The assignment of a rating to the Notes should not 
be treated by a prospective Noteholder as meaning that such Noteholder does not need to make its own 
investigations into, and determinations of, the risks and merits of an investment into the Notes. 
Noteholders who place too much reliance on ratings, or who do not understand what the rating addresses, 
may make an investment which is of a different type to what was originally intended as a result.  
Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings are established in the EEA and received registration under 
the CRA Regulation, as amended, in 2011. 
Modifications to the terms of the Notes 
In respect of Trustee Series, prospective investors' attention is drawn to Condition 19 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders (but, in the case of Notes which are rated, with prior notification to the relevant Rating 
Agency), to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, 
any of the Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or any other Transaction Document, or determine, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such, where it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders to do so or may agree, without any such consent to any modification which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error.  
In respect of Fiscal Agency Series, prospective investors' attention is drawn to Condition 19 (Meetings 
of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). The Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders (but, in the case of Notes which are rated, with prior notification to the relevant Rating 
Agency), agree to any modification of the Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or any other Transaction 
Document which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error.  
No such modification under the above mentioned provisions shall be effective without the consent of 
the Counterparty (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable, shall, without any such consent 
from the Noteholders as aforesaid, agree to make any modification (whether or not it may be materially 
prejudicial to the Noteholders) requested by the Dealer(s) in respect of the Notes if, and to the extent 
that, such modification is to correct an error in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
arising from a discrepancy between the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the final 
termsheet, as certified by the relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer and the Counterparty, and in respect of the 
Trust Series in a form and content satisfactory to the Trustee. Any modification, waiver or authorisation 
made pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such

--- Page 23 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
23 
 
 
modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
No secondary market 
No secondary market is expected to develop in respect of the Notes and, in the unlikely event that a 
secondary market in the Notes does develop, there can be no assurance that it will provide the 
Noteholders with adequate liquidity or that it will continue for the life of such Notes. Accordingly, the 
purchase of Notes is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity 
in the Notes and the financial and other risks associated with an investment in the Notes. Investors must 
be prepared to hold the Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final redemption or maturity of the 
Notes. 
Unsecured Series 
In respect of Unsecured Series, Noteholders will not benefit from any security interests over the Series 
Assets. As a result, following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of the Issuer, no 
enforcement action will be able to be taken by the Noteholders or anyone on their behalf in respect of 
the Series Assets or other Series Property and Noteholders will therefore be reliant upon the Issuer 
performing its obligations under the Notes and other Transaction Documents and upon the realisation 
of the relevant Series Assets by the Selling Agent. Noteholders in respect of an Unsecured Series should 
be aware that if there is a failure by the Issuer to perform their obligations under the Notes or if there 
are insufficient funds to be distributed to the Noteholders under the Notes then Noteholders may lose 
some, or all, of their investment in the Notes.  
Additional Risks Relating to Credit Support Annex and Hedge Agreement 
The use of financial instruments as collateral through a Credit Support Annex to a Hedge Agreement, 
pursuant to which financial instruments are transferred as collateral from the Issuer to a Counterparty, 
may result in rights or remedies of the Issuer in respect of such financial instruments being affected, 
replaced, reduced or removed, such as (but not limited to): (i) the rights, including any proprietary rights 
that the Issuer may have had, in those financial instruments will be replaced by an unsecured contractual 
claim for delivery of equivalent financial instruments subject to the terms of the relevant Credit Support 
Annex; (ii) those financial instruments will not be held in accordance with client asset rules, and, if they 
had benefited from any client asset protection rights, those protection rights will not apply (for example, 
the financial instruments will not be segregated from our assets and will not be held subject to a trust); 
(iii) in the event of the Counterparty's insolvency or default under the relevant agreement the Issuer's 
claim against the Counterparty for delivery of equivalent financial instruments will not be secured and 
will be subject to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement and applicable law and, accordingly, the 
Issuer may not receive such equivalent financial instruments or recover the full value of the financial 
instruments (although the Issuer's exposure may be reduced to the extent that the Counterparty has 
liabilities to the Issuer which can be set off or netted against or discharged by reference to the Issuer's 
obligation to deliver equivalent financial instruments to such party); (iv) as a result of the Issuer ceasing 
to have a proprietary interest in those financial instruments the Issuer will not be entitled to exercise any 
voting, consent or similar rights attached to the financial instruments. Even if the Counterparty has 
agreed to exercise voting, consent or similar rights attached to any equivalent financial instruments in 
accordance with the Issuer's instructions, or the relevant Hedge Agreement entitles the Issuer to notify 
the Counterparty that the equivalent financial instruments to be delivered should reflect the Issuer's 
instructions with respect to the subject matter of such vote, consent or exercise of rights, if the 
Counterparty does not hold and is not able to readily obtain equivalent financial instruments, the 
Counterparty may not be able to comply with any such requirements (subject to any other solution that 
may have been agreed between the parties); (v) the Issuer will not be entitled to receive any dividends, 
coupon or other payments, interests or rights (including securities or property accruing or offered at any 
time) payable in relation to those financial instruments, although the express written terms of the relevant 
Hedge Agreement or transaction may provide for the Issuer to receive or be credited with a payment by 
reference to such dividend, coupon or other payment; and (vi) the provision of title transfer collateral to 
the Counterparty, the Counterparty's exercise of a right of use in respect of any financial collateral

--- Page 24 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
24 
 
 
provided by the Issuer and the delivery by the Counterparty to the Issuer of equivalent financial 
instruments may give rise to tax consequences that differ from the tax consequences that would have 
otherwise applied in relation to the holding by the Issuer or by the Counterparty for the Issuer's account 
of those financial instruments. 
The removal, replacement, reduction of such rights in relation to the Issuer may have a material adverse 
effect on the financial instruments used as collateral and therefore could have a material adverse impact 
on the value of the Notes and the amounts received for distribution thereunder.  
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and 
foreign exchange rate index "benchmarks" 
The London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and 
other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are yet to 
apply. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
The BMR was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and the majority of its 
provisions applied from 1 January 2018. The BMR applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other 
things, the BMR: (i) requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered by a national 
regulator (unless an exemption applies); (ii) provides that in order to be used by supervised entities in 
the EU, a non-EU benchmark must be qualified for use in the EU under the third-country regime 
(through equivalence, recognition or endorsement) and comply with extensive requirements in relation 
to the administration of the non-EU benchmark; and (iii) bans the use by "supervised entities" of: (a) 
EU "benchmarks" whose administrators are not authorised or registered; and (b) non-EU "benchmarks" 
that are not qualified for use in the EU under the third-country regime. 
The scope of the BMR is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, 
could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are 
referenced in certain financial instruments (including securities traded on an EU regulated market, EU 
multilateral trading facility , EU organised trading facility or via a "systematic internaliser"). 
The BMR and UK BMR could have a material impact on any listed Notes linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the "benchmark". Further, if an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or is based in a non-EU or non-UK (as the case may be) 
jurisdiction (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) and is not deemed to be subject to 
equivalent regulation and is not otherwise recognised or endorsed. In such event, depending on the 
particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed or otherwise impacted. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". The disappearance of a 
"benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration of a "benchmark" could result in adjustment 
or amendment by the Calculation Agent to the terms and conditions and/or the Hedge Agreement, early 
redemption or termination, or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such "benchmark".

--- Page 25 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
25 
 
 
Furthermore, the Calculation Agent may, acting in its sole discretion, amend the terms of any Hedge 
Agreement in relation to Notes linked to a "benchmark" in order to reflect market standard protocols 
published by ISDA in relation to benchmark fallbacks from time to time.  
Any such action as described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. 
Discontinuation of LIBOR 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), 
which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit 
rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA 
formally announced the dates of the future cessation or loss of representativeness of all 35 LIBOR 
settings currently published by the ICE Benchmark Administration (the "IBA"). The following 26 
LIBOR settings will permanently cease: (i) immediately after 31 December 2021:  all 7 euro LIBOR 
settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12 month Japanese yen 
LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2 month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week 
and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings; and (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023: the overnight and 12-
month US dollar LIBOR settings. The FCA will also consult on requiring the IBA to continue publishing 
the following 9 LIBOR settings, in each case on a non-representative, synthetic basis: (i) 1-month, 3-
month and 6-month sterling LIBOR and a 1-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR for a further 
period after the end of 2021; and (ii) 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR for a further 
period after the end of June 2023. The proposed synthetic LIBOR is intended to assist "tough legacy" 
contracts only (subject to the FCA's proposed powers to permit the use) and UK regulated firms will be 
prohibited from using this in new regulated financial instruments. The FCA clearly states that all LIBOR 
settings will remain representative while they remain published on existing methodology, but that the 
"synthetic" LIBOR settings would be unrepresentative of the underlying market. Accordingly, to the 
extent prospective investors in the Notes will invest in instruments referencing LIBOR, such investors 
should consider (if necessary, through independent professional advice) the impact that the above 
announcement will have on such Notes. 
Risks of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event  
If a Note is linked to any of the affected Benchmarks (or if any Transaction Document or Underlying 
Asset is linked to an affected Benchmark), including EURIBOR, certain events occurring in respect of 
that Benchmark (including its disappearance, any changes in the manner of its administration or 
methodology, or a statement by a regulator declaring it as not being representative of the underlying 
market) could result in the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event.   
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
may (or, following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event which is a Mandatory Reference Rate 
Event, shall) first attempt to identify and propose to the Issuer the affected rate by applying linear 
interpolation. Failing which, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement Reference 
Rate: (i) if a Specified Alternative Rate is specified in relation to the Notes, by using that Specified 
Alternative Rate; or (ii) if there is no Specified Alternative Rate or such Specified Alternative Rate is 
either not available or appropriate to use, by using a Replacement Alternative Rate, being a rate which 
is formally designated, nominated or proposed by the administrator of the affected Benchmark or by a 
Relevant Nominating Body (such as a regulator or central bank or a working group appointed for this 
purpose by governmental authorities, in each case in the applicable jurisdiction); or (iii) if there is no 
Specified Alternative Rate or Replacement Alternative Rate, or such rates are not then available or 
appropriate to use, by using a Replacement Industry Rate, being an alternative rate, index or price source 
which is recognised as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference the affected Benchmark. In each case the Calculation Agent will also 
calculate a Replacement Adjustment Spread which shall be calculated to reduce or eliminate to the 
extent reasonably practicable, transfers of economic value arising as a result of using such alternative 
rate, which will be added to or subtracted from the alternative rate so calculated. The Calculation Agent 
may (or in relation to Mandatory Reference Rate Events, shall) identify and propose to the Issuer

--- Page 26 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
26 
 
 
amendments to the terms of the Notes in connection with using such alternative rate and calculation of 
the Replacement Adjustment Spread. Upon proposal by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall hold a 
board meeting to consider such proposal and determine, in the Issuer's absolute discretion, whether to 
adopt such proposal. In the event that the Issuer's board so determines to adopt such proposal, then such 
amendments will be implemented without the need for the consent of the Noteholders.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may 
make reasonable efforts to identify and propose to the Issuer amendments to the terms of the Notes to 
account for the occurrence of such Benchmark Event. Upon proposal by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall hold a board meeting to consider such proposal and determine, in the Issuer's absolute 
discretion, whether to adopt such proposal. In the event that the Issuer's board so determines to adopt 
such proposal, then such amendments (in relation to either a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark 
Event) will be implemented, without the need for the consent of the Noteholders. The Trustee and the 
Agent shall concur with such amendments subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(b)(ii)(D).   
If, following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent is not able to identify and propose amendments to the terms of the Notes that would 
fulfil the conditions above or if any such proposal is not adopted by the Issuer, then there would be a 
Reference Rate Redemption Event or Benchmark Redemption Event, as applicable (if, in each case, 
such event is specified as being applicable in respect of the relevant Series of Notes), which will result 
in the early redemption of the Notes prior to their Maturity Date.  
The Early Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders following a Reference Rate Redemption Event 
or a Benchmark Redemption Event, as applicable, would be calculated in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and may be less than the amount invested.  
Risks related to Notes which reference near risk free rates – SONIA, TONA, ESTR and SOFR  
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of 
interbank offered rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring 
financial markets to transition away from IBORs to near risk free rates ("RFRs") which exclude the 
element of interbank lending.   
RFRs may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the majority of relevant 
jurisdictions, the chosen RFR is an overnight rate (for example, the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") in respect of GBP and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in respect of USD), 
with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated on a backward looking (compounded or simple 
weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a forward looking term. As such, Noteholders should 
be aware that RFRs may behave materially differently from EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest 
reference rates for the Notes.  
Noteholders should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to RFRs such as 
SONIA, TONA, ESTR and SOFR as reference rates in the capital markets. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA 
and SOFR (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of such rates over a designated 
term).  
SONIA, TONA, ESTR or SOFR rates may be modified or discontinued. Such modification or 
discontinuation may constitute a Reference Rate Event as further described above (Risks of the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event) and may result in the rate applicable to 
the Notes being replaced with a successor or equivalent rate. These alternative rates are uncertain and 
no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, TONA, ESTR or SOFR 
and/or any other RFR that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (including in relation to fallbacks in the event that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally 
altered) and used in relation to Notes referencing any such RFR issued by us.

--- Page 27 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
27 
 
 
Since RFRs are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities linked to SONIA, TONA, ESTR, SOFR and/or any other RFR, such as 
the spread over the relevant rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of the Notes linked to SONIA and/or any other RFR may be lower than those of later-issued debt 
securities linked to the same rate as a result.  
Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the 
potential performance of RFRs and therefore Noteholders should not rely on any such data or trends as 
an indicator of future performance. Daily changes in RFRs have, on occasion, been more volatile than 
daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of debt 
securities linked to RFRs may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile 
rates. The future performance of any RFR is impossible to predict, and therefore no future performance 
of any RFR should be inferred from any hypothetical or historical data or trends.  
Interest on Notes which reference SONIA, TONA, ESTR or SOFR is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It 
may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such 
Notes.  
Meetings of Noteholders, modification and waivers and substitution 
The Trust Instrument and Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally (including amendments to the Conditions and/or the 
Trust Instrument). 
Such provisions include, among other things, (i) quorum requirements for the holding of Noteholders' 
meetings and (ii) voting thresholds required to pass Extraordinary Resolutions at such meetings (or 
through written resolutions). The quorum required for a meeting of Noteholders convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more person(s) holding the Notes in definitive form or voting 
certificates or being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in aggregate not less than 50 
per cent. in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that 
any resolutions regarding (i) a reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or date of such payment, 
or the modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or the method of calculating the 
date of payment in respect of the Notes; (ii) an alteration in the currency in which payments under the 
Notes are to be made; (iii) an alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal or substitution; and (v) the alteration of provisions 
regarding quorum (a "special quorum resolution") shall have a quorum required of one or more 
person(s) holding the Notes in definitive form or voting certificates or proxies or representatives and 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes at such 
time. At any adjourned meeting, one or more persons present holding Notes in definitive form or voting 
certificates or being proxies or representatives (whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes 
so held or represented by them) shall form a quorum and shall have power to pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting 
from which the adjournment took place had the requisite quorum been present, provided that at any such 
adjourned meeting the quorum for any special quorum resolution shall be one or more persons present 
holding Notes in definitive form or voting certificates or being proxies or representatives and holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding.  
It should, however, be noted that Extraordinary Resolutions (including to amend the Conditions and/or 
the Trust Instrument) may still be effected in circumstances where not all Noteholders agree with the 
terms thereof and an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of any such amendments or waivers once 
passed in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions will be binding on all such dissenting 
Noteholders. As such, Noteholders should be aware that an Extraordinary Resolution may be passed, 
without any such Individual Noteholders' consent, that may have a materially adverse effect on such 
Noteholder.

--- Page 28 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
28 
 
 
(3) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
Substitution of Underlying Assets 
The terms of the Notes may provide that the Underlying Assets may be substituted in accordance with 
the Conditions. Such substitution may either be at the direction of the Counterparty on a Nominal Basis 
or Market Value Basis or at the request of Noteholders. In the event that such request is made by 
Noteholders representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes, the 
Notes shall be restructured and amended as set out in the Conditions. All Noteholders are deemed to 
have accepted such substitution (whether or not they were part of the Noteholder group that made the 
request) and to be bound by the terms thereof even if not Consenting Holders. Noteholders should 
therefore be aware that any such substitution may be made without their consent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, a substitution of 
Underlying Assets and their replacement with Eligible Investments shall not be permitted unless the 
Calculation Agent confirms that the aggregate principal amount of any Underlying Assets which have 
been sold by the Issuer (not taking into account any sales conducted for the purpose of securing the 
volume, the duration and the risk structure of the Underlying Assets) during the most recent Substitution 
Period to occur (or if such substitution is to take place during the First Substitution Period, during the 
period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date of the proposed substitution and 
replacement) does not exceed 20 per cent. of the total aggregate principal amount of all Underlying 
Assets held by the Issuer as at the beginning of such Substitution Period. 
Substitution of Underlying Assets for Cash Collateral 
Where the Notes are secured by Cash Collateral on the Issue Date, prospective Noteholders should be 
aware that Initial Underlying Assets may be substituted for Cash Collateral. If an event of default 
(howsoever described in the terms and conditions of the Initial Underlying Assets) has occurred with 
respect to the Initial Underlying Assets prior to the delivery by the Vendor of all or any part of the Initial 
Underlying Assets, any undelivered Initial Underlying Assets shall be deemed to have been delivered 
by the Vendor to the Issuer and sold by the Selling Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
Commingling of Underlying Assets 
Prospective investors' attention is drawn to the limited circumstances permitted by the Agency 
Agreement whereby the Underlying Assets held by the Custodian are not segregated from the designated 
investments of the Custodian and, in such circumstances, in the event of the Custodian's insolvency, the 
Issuer's assets may not be protected from claims made on behalf of the general creditors of the Custodian. 
Noteholders should be aware that in such scenario, amounts available to be distributed to the 
Noteholders may be reduced by payments owed to the general creditors of the Custodian, and as such 
the amounts available for Noteholders may not be sufficient to repay the full amounts owed, if any, to 
the Noteholders. 
(4) 
RISKS RELATING TO THIRD PARTIES 
Noteholders will be exposed to, amongst others, the credit risk of the Counterparty, the Paying 
Agents and the Custodian 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and any Hedge Agreement will be 
dependent, where applicable, upon the payment of principal and interest due on the Underlying Assets, 
upon the payment of all sums due from the relevant Counterparty under any Hedge Agreement(s), upon 
the Principal Paying Agent (in respect of a Trustee Series), the Fiscal Agent (in respect of a Fiscal 
Agency Series), the other Paying Agents and the Custodian making the relevant payments when received 
and upon all parties to the Transaction Documents (other than the Issuer) performing their respective 
obligations thereunder.  
Accordingly, Noteholders are exposed, among other things, to the creditworthiness of the obligor(s) in 
respect of the Underlying Assets, the Counterparty, the Principal Paying Agent (in respect of a Trustee

--- Page 29 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
29 
 
 
Series), the Fiscal Agent (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series), the other Paying Agents, the Custodian 
(the Counterparty, the Principal Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and the 
Custodian each being a "Relevant Entity"). The creditworthiness and/or performance of each of these 
may be dependent upon economic, political, financial and social events, locally and globally.  
Accordingly, these market conditions could adversely affect any of (i) the market value of the 
Underlying Assets and/or (ii) the consolidated financial condition or results of operations in future 
periods of any Relevant Entity. In addition, any such entity may become subject to litigation and 
regulatory or governmental scrutiny, or may be subject to changes in applicable regulatory regimes that 
may be materially adverse to them, their prospects or their ability to meet their obligations. 
If current market conditions and circumstances deteriorate further this could lead to a decline in credit 
quality, corrections in asset prices and increases in defaults and non-performing debt, and there can be 
no assurance that such factors will not adversely affect the market value of the Underlying Assets and/or 
any Relevant Entity's creditworthiness and/or performance and, in turn, the performance of the Notes. 
Noteholders should be aware that exposure to the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets and the 
Relevant Entity has a risk that any payments due to be made with respect to such Underlying Assets of 
by such Relevant Entity are not made in full, if it all, and as such the Noteholder could lose some, or all, 
of their investment.  
Notes held in a Clearing System 
Global Notes issued under the Programme will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes. Noteholders will have to rely on Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
procedures for transfer, payment and communication and will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Noteholders of the beneficial interests in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has not 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in Global Notes and as such Noteholders should be aware that they won't have any recourse to the Issuer 
for such matters.  
Noteholders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes so represented. Instead, such Noteholders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants to 
appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a 
direct right under the Global Note to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of fault 
under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Trust Instrument. 
Minimum Specified Denomination 
Where Notes have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in 
excess of the Specified Denomination (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination (or its equivalent). In such case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds a principal amount of less than the Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Obligations of the Trustee and Trustee Indemnity – Trustee Series 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Trustee Series the Trustee will only be obliged to take action 
where this is required by the terms of the Trust Instrument or the applicable law. In particular, where

--- Page 30 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
30 
 
 
the Trustee is invested with a discretion, it may not have an obligation to take any action or otherwise 
exercise such discretion in any manner. The Trustee shall not be obliged to take any action if not 
indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. Noteholders should be aware that, the 
obligations of the Trustee are as set out in the terms of the Trust Instrument or the applicable law and as 
such there may be a scenario whereby the Trustee is not obliged to take required action that the 
Noteholder would take if it were in the Trustee's position.  
Obligations of the Issuer 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will only be obliged to take action where this is required by the 
terms of the relevant Transaction Documents or the applicable law. In other circumstances, the Issuer 
may refuse to act or may predicate its action on the fulfilment of certain conditions precedent (including, 
but not limited to, the provision of satisfactory indemnities and/or pre-funding). 
The Issuer relies on the Agents for the performance of certain of its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents. To the extent that any of the Agents are or become insolvent or otherwise unable to perform 
their functions and the Issuer is unable to find a replacement, the Issuer may be unable to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents or the Notes. Notably, if the Paying Agent, while holding 
funds for payment to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may 
not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes. Though in such scenario 
the Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of any unpaid amounts, the Issuer may have 
insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and the Noteholders may not receive all, 
or any part, of any amounts owed to them. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that, not only 
are they relying on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets and the Issuer, but also that of the 
Paying Agent in respect of the performance of their obligations. 
No Obligations owing by the Agents 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent or any of their Affiliates shall have any obligations to the Noteholders, and shall only 
have the obligations expressed to be binding on it pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents, 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. As such, 
Noteholders should be aware that they shall not have recourse, other than as specifically provided, 
towards any of the Agents aforementioned should they fail in any of their obligations under the 
Transaction Documents.  
Swap Counterparty risk 
If a Series of Notes has a Swap Agreement with a Swap Counterparty specified in the Issuance 
Document, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent 
also upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Underlying Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and on the performance 
by the Swap Counterparty of its obligations under the Swap Agreement for such Series of Notes. 
If the Swap Counterparty defaults or is not otherwise able to perform its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement, the Issuer may not have the resources required to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes and therefore the relevant Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
(5) 
RISKS ARISING FROM POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Business relationships 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealer(s), the Arranger, the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), the Agents 
or any of their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with the Counterparty, any 
obligor in respect of any Underlying Assets and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems

--- Page 31 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
31 
 
 
necessary or appropriate to protect its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for 
a Noteholder.  
Furthermore, the Dealer(s), the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), the Agents or any of their 
respective affiliates may buy, sell or hold positions in obligations of, or act as investment or commercial 
bankers, advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and officer positions in, any obligor in respect 
of Underlying Assets, again without regard to any negative consequences of a Noteholder. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Each of the Dealer(s), the Counterparty, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agent and any of their Affiliates is acting or may act in a number of capacities in connection with the 
issue of Notes. The Dealer(s), the Counterparty, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agent and any of their Affiliates acting in such capacities in connection with the issue of Notes 
shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in the relevant capacity and shall 
not, by virtue of its or any other Affiliates acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties 
or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided with respect 
to each such capacity. Each of the Dealer(s), the Counterparty, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent and any of their Affiliates in its various capacities in connection with the 
issue of Notes may enter business dealings, including the acquisition of investment securities as 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents from which it may derive revenues and profits in addition 
to any fees stated in various documents, without any duty to account thereof. 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Noteholders and 
either the Issuer and/or the Dealer(s), the Counterparty, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agent including any of their Affiliates, as a result of the various businesses, management, 
investment and other activities of such persons, and none of such persons is required to resolve such 
conflicts of interest in favour of the Noteholders.  
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Counterparty, any obligor 
in respect of the Underlying Assets or any of their subsidiary or associated companies without 
accounting for any profit resulting therefrom or resolving any potential or actual conflicts of interest in 
favour of the Noteholders. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Conflicts of Interest". 
(6) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN TAX RULES 
Taxation 
Each Noteholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Notes. The Issuer 
will not pay any additional amounts to Noteholders to reimburse them for any tax, assessment or charge 
required to be withheld or deducted from payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer or any Paying 
Agents or suffered by the Issuer in respect of its income from the Underlying Assets or payments under 
a Hedge Agreement (including the deduction of tax from such payments) or any tax assessment or charge 
suffered by the Issuer except as provided for in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. As such, Noteholders should be aware that the return on their investment may be lower than 
initially expected pursuant to the payment of any applicable taxes, with the cost of any such amounts to 
be borne by the Noteholder.  
German Investment Tax Act  
Noteholders who (a) are tax resident in Germany, (b) hold Debt Investments through a German 
permanent establishment (or a permanent representative) or (c) present Debt Investments at the office 
of a German branch of a German or non-German credit or financial services institution, a German 
securities trading undertaking or a German securities trading bank may in each case be subject to the

--- Page 32 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
32 
 
 
German Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz) (the "Investment Tax Act") if the Issuer is 
subject to the Investment Tax Act.. 
According to section 1 (1) and (3) no. 1 of the Investment Tax Act 2018 and in connection with section 
2 (1) no. 7 German Capital Investment Act (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch) securitisation vehicles 
(Verbriefungszweckgesellschaften) within the meaning of section 1 (19) no. 36 Capital Investment Act 
are not subject to the Investment Tax Act. Securitisation vehicles within this meaning are companies 
with the sole purpose of conducting securitisations within the meaning of Art. 1 (2) VO (EG) no. 
24/2009 dated 19 December 2008 or other activities which serve this purpose. 
If the exemption mentioned above does not apply, there is a risk that the Investment Tax Act may apply 
and the income at the level of the Noteholders may be taxed in accordance with the Investment Tax Act. 
Prospective Noteholders of the type referred to in (a) to (c) above are urged to seek independent tax 
advice and to consult their professional advisers as to the legal and tax consequences that may arise from 
the application of the Investment Tax Act to any Debt Investments and Issuer or any other party accepts 
any responsibility in respect of the German tax position of any Debt Investments or the holders of any 
Debt Investments. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive  
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, the European Commission published a draft Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directive on 28 January 2016, which was formally adopted by the European Council on 12 
July 2016 in Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the "ATAD 1"). ATAD 1 has been implemented by 
each Member State by 2019, subject to derogations for Member States which have equivalent measures 
in their domestic law. Ireland introduced the interest limitation rule in Finance Act 2021 for accounting 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.   
Amongst the measures contained, in the ATAD 1 is an interest deductibility limitation rule similar to 
the recommendation contained in the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Action 4 proposals. The ATAD 
1 provides that interest costs in excess of 30 per cent. of an entity's earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation, will not be deductible in the year in which it is incurred but would remain 
available for carrying forward (while Member States also have the option of excluding the first 
€3,000,000 of interest costs). However, the restriction on interest deductibility would only be in respect 
of the amount by which the borrowing costs exceed "interest revenues and other equivalent taxable 
revenues from financial assets".  These new rules may not impact the Issuer if (a) it does not have excess 
borrowing costs or (b) it qualifies as a 'single company worldwide group' as defined in the implementing 
legislation, does not make interest payments to associated enterprises and makes an election to operate 
the 'equity ratio' rule.   
As the Issuer will generally fund interest payments it makes under the Notes from interest payments to 
which it is entitled under the Underlying Assets (that is such that the Issuer pays limited or no net 
interest), the restriction may be of limited relevance to the Issuer.  
(7) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN U.S. REGULATIONS 
US Risk Retention 
Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act") 
inserted a new Section 15G into the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") 
that generally requires the "securitizer" of a "securitization transaction" to retain at least 5 per cent. of 
the "credit risk" of "securitized assets", as such terms are defined for the purposes of that statute, and 
generally prohibit a securitizer from directly or indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by 
hedging or otherwise transferring the credit risk that the securitizer is required to retain.  The final rules 
promulgated under section 15G of the Exchange Act (the "U.S. Risk Retention Rules") came into effect 
on 24 December 2016 with respect to all classes of asset-backed securitizations.  The U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules provide that the securitizer of an asset backed securitization is its sponsor.

--- Page 33 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
33 
 
 
No sponsor of the Issuer intends to retain at least 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the securitized assets 
for purposes of compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and therefore the Notes will be offered 
and sold in a transaction that complies with the exemption for certain foreign transactions set out in 
section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  To comply with the terms of the exemption, Notes will not 
be offered or sold for the account of any "U.S. Person", as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (a 
"U.S. Risk Retention Person").  Prospective investors should note that the definition of U.S. person in 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is not the same as the definition of U.S. person under Regulation S.  
Investors that are not "U.S persons" under Regulation S may be U.S. persons under the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules.   
Each holder of a Note or a beneficial interest therein acquired on the Issue Date, by its acquisition of a 
Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, will be deemed to represent to the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Dealer that it (1) is not a U.S. Risk Retention Person, 
(2) is acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to 
distribute such Note and (3) is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme 
to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
No assurance can be given as to whether a failure of the transaction by the Issuer to comply with the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) may give rise to 
regulatory action which may adversely affect the Notes or their market value.  Furthermore, the impact 
of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the securitization market generally is uncertain, and a failure by the 
Issuer to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could therefore negatively affect the value and 
secondary market liquidity of the Notes. 
None of the Arranger, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agents, the Dealer or any of 
their respective affiliates makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes 
as to whether the transactions described in this Base Prospectus comply as a matter of fact with the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules on the date hereof or at any time in the future. Investors should consult their own 
advisers as to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of 
such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
(8) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET 
Noteholders will be exposed to credit risk, market risk and other risks in respect of the Underlying 
Assets 
The Underlying Assets for each Series of Notes will, among other risks, be subject to credit, market, 
liquidity and interest rate risks. In certain transactions, all or substantially all of the Underlying Assets 
held or entered into for (in respect of an Unsecured Series) and securing (in respect of a Secured Series) 
the Notes of any Series may be rated below investment grade and will have greater credit and liquidity 
risk. 
To the extent that a default occurs with respect to the Underlying Assets of any Series and the Issuer (or 
its agent) or (in respect of a Trustee Series) the Trustee sells or otherwise disposes of such Underlying 
Assets, it is not likely that the proceeds of such sale or disposition will be equal to the unpaid principal 
and interest thereon, and as such Noteholders should be aware that they may not receive a full, if any, 
return on their investment. 
Even in the absence of a default with respect to the Underlying Assets of any Series of Notes, due to 
potential market volatility, the market value of such Underlying Assets at any time will vary, and may 
vary substantially, from the price at which such Underlying Assets were initially purchased and from 
the principal amount of such Underlying Assets. The market value of the Underlying Assets will 
generally fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition of the relevant obligor(s), general 
economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends 
in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Accordingly, no assurance can be 
given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or disposition, or the amount received or recovered upon 
maturity, of the Underlying Assets of any Series of Notes, or that the proceeds of any such sale or

--- Page 34 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
RISK FACTORS 
 
34 
 
 
disposition would be sufficient to repay principal of and interest on the Notes of the related Series and 
amounts payable prior thereto. In the event of an insolvency of an obligor of the Underlying Assets, 
various insolvency and related laws applicable to such obligor may limit the amount the Issuer or (in 
respect of a Trustee Series) the Trustee (or in each case any agent thereof) may recover. Noteholders 
should be aware that as a result of such fluctuations, amounts available to be distributed to the 
Noteholders may not be sufficient to provide them with a full, if any, return on their investment. 
Moreover, the Underlying Assets may comprise assets which are not admitted to any public trading 
market and may therefore be illiquid and not readily realisable. As such, the proceeds from the sale of 
such Underlying Assets may not properly reflect the true and fair value of such assets and as such the 
return receive and subsequent amounts available to be distributed to Noteholders may not be sufficient 
to repay the Noteholders.  
If there were to be a downgrade of the credit rating of any Underlying Assets comprising securities or 
of the Issuer of any Underlying Assets and/or the credit risk in respect of such Underlying Assets 
increases and/or the market value of such Underlying Assets decreases after such Underlying Assets are 
or have been held by the Issuer, there will be no obligation on the Counterparty or any other party to 
deliver to the Issuer additional assets or alternative assets with an equal, equivalent or better credit rating, 
credit risk or market value than such Underlying Assets. As such, a downgrade of the credit rating of 
any Underlying Assets may reduce the value of such Underlying Assets which could impact the amounts 
available for distribution to the Noteholders. 
Interest Rate Sensitivity 
Subsequent changes in market interest rates may impact the market value of the Notes. In relation to 
Notes with a fixed rate of interest, if, following the date of issue of the relevant Notes, there is a decrease 
in market interest rates, this is expected to have a positive impact on the value of the Notes, as the rate 
of interest payable on the Notes will remain unchanged notwithstanding the decrease in market interest 
rates. However, an increase in market interest rates is expected, generally to have an adverse impact on 
the value of the Notes. 
Systemic Risk  
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each other 
are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. This 
risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk". Financial institutions such as, amongst others, the 
Agents, which are financial institutions or are significant participants in the financial markets are likely 
routinely to execute a high volume of transactions with various types of counterparties, including 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds, and 
institutional clients. To the extent they do so, they are and will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss 
if counterparties fail or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations. In addition, a default by a financial 
institution or other significant participant in the financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a 
financial institution or other significant participant in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could 
lead to further significant systemic liquidity problems and other problems that could exacerbate the 
global financial crisis and, as such, have a material adverse impact on other entities.  
The considerations set out above are not, and are not intended to be, a comprehensive list of all 
considerations relevant to a decision to purchase or hold any Notes. Additional risk factors may be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (the "Final Terms/ Pricing 
Supplement Risk Factors") and before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of the 
Notes should carefully consider the Final Terms/Pricing Supplement Risk Factors in conjunction 
with the Risk Factors set out above.

--- Page 35 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
35 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are 
suitable only for sophisticated investors who (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience and access 
to such professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order to make their own evaluation of 
the risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the tax, accounting, credit, 
legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment); and (ii) have considered 
the suitability of such Notes in light of their own circumstances and financial condition; (iii) have access 
to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of their particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on their overall investment 
portfolio; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) are able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect their investment and their ability to bear the applicable 
risks. Prospective investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the risks posed by an 
investment in the Notes, and the extent of their exposure as a result of such investment in the Notes and, 
before making their investment decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this 
Base Prospectus, any applicable Supplements and the applicable Issuance Document and, in particular, 
the considerations set forth below. Owing to the structured nature of the Notes, their price may be more 
volatile than that of unstructured securities. 
Investors 
Each prospective investor in Notes should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of 
the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including where principal may reduce or be lost in its 
entirety as a result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any 
entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, prices or indices, or where the currency for principal 
payments is different from the prospective investor's currency. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its professional 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, and/or (ii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or, if relevant, pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their professional advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No reliance 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction 
Parties in respect of any Series or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination 
as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Market Risk 
The redemption amounts payable under the Notes of a Series are determined by reference to the amount 
of redemption proceeds which would be received in respect of the Underlying Assets, as applicable. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal may occur at a different time than expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(d) 
the Underlying Assets, as applicable, may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or indices;

--- Page 36 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
36 
 
 
(e) 
the timing of changes in the value of the Underlying Assets, as applicable, may affect the 
actual yield to investors. 
No fiduciary or advisory role 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other parties to the Transaction Documents (the "Series 
Transaction Parties") or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser, and none 
of them (other than the Trustee to the extent set out in the Trust Terms Module) assumes any fiduciary 
obligation to any purchaser of Notes or any other party, including the Issuer. In respect of each Series, 
the Trustee holds the benefit of the Issuer's covenant to pay on trust for the Noteholders of such Series 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument and has certain fiduciary duties towards the Noteholders such as its 
duty to act in good faith and not to make an unauthorised profit. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series 
Transaction Parties in respect of any investment in the Notes. 
Therefore, to the extent potential investors are not, on the basis of their knowledge, experience and 
sophistication, able to make an autonomous decision in respect of an investment in the Notes, they 
should obtain independent professional advice in order to make their own evaluation of the risks and the 
merits of such an investment (including without limitation the tax, accounting, credit, legal, regulatory 
and financial implications for them of such an investment). 
No representations 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties in respect of any Series 
makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any Underlying Assets, or any 
issuer or obligor of any Underlying Assets, as applicable, or in respect of any information contained in 
any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of any such issuer or obligor or in respect of 
such Underlying Assets, with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or 
any other person. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties makes any representation 
or warranty in respect of the Underlying Assets. 
Notes are obligations of an Issuer only 
The Notes issued by an Issuer will be obligations solely of such Issuer and will not be the responsibility 
of, or guaranteed by, any other Issuer under the Programme or any other party named in this Base 
Prospectus and no person other than such Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any 
failure by such Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. 
In particular, the Issuer is a separate legal entity and the fact that the Issuer may from time to time issue 
Notes under the same Programme cannot be construed as an acceptance by the an Issuer of any 
responsibility in respect of Notes issued by the other Issuer. 
Noteholders in respect of a particular Series of Notes shall have recourse (within the limits provided for 
under the Programme) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes and shall have 
no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme or any other person. 
Change of law 
The Conditions, the issue of the Notes and the ratings which may be assigned (if applicable) to the Notes 
are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the Notes. No assurance can be given as to 
the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or any relevant administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
37 
 
 
Independent review and advice 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review (including 
as to the financial condition and affairs and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the relevant 
Issuer, the Counterparty, any relevant obligor(s) in respect of the Underlying Assets) and such 
professional advice (including, without limitation, tax, accounting, credit, legal and regulatory advice) 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in 
its particular circumstances. 
In so doing, and without restricting the generality of the preceding paragraph, such prospective purchaser 
must determine that its acquisition and holding of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is 
acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, 
(ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable 
to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and 
suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. None of the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates is acting as an investment adviser, or assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any purchaser of 
Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or should be considered as a recommendation or 
constituting an invitation or offer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, should purchase any Notes. The Arranger, the Dealer and (in respect of a 
Trustee Series) the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
relevant Issuer, the Counterparty, any relevant obligor(s) in respect of the Underlying Assets. 
Provision of information 
Neither the relevant Issuer, the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), the Agents, the Dealer(s) nor any 
affiliate makes any representation as to the credit quality of the Counterparty, any relevant obligor(s) in 
respect of the Underlying Assets. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the 
Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to such Counterparty, any obligor in respect of 
the Underlying Assets. None of such persons is under any obligation to make available any information 
relating to, or keep under review on the Noteholders' behalf, the business, financial conditions, 
prospects, creditworthiness or status of affairs of any relevant obligor(s) in respect of the Underlying 
Assets, or conduct any investigation or due diligence into any such obligor(s) in respect of the 
Underlying Assets. 
General notices 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings given to them in the General 
Definitions Module set out herein or, as the case may be, in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, relating to each Series. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of providing information with regard to the 
Issuer and the Notes. This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, setting out the specific terms for each Series, which the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, incorporate by reference this Base Prospectus with respect 
to the relevant Series, and references herein to the "Base Prospectus" shall be construed accordingly. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, does not 
at any time imply that the information contained herein or therein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or thereof (as the case may be) or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.

--- Page 38 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
38 
 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) do not and will not represent that this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may be lawfully distributed, or that 
the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been or will be taken by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee or any Dealers (save as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) which would permit a public offering of the Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Ireland. See "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions" 
below. 
Notes to be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be represented by interests in a 
temporary global Note or a permanent global Note, in either case, in bearer form (a "Temporary Global 
Note" and a "Permanent Global Note", respectively) which, in each case, will be deposited with a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or such other 
clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Trustee on or before the relevant issue date. Beneficial 
interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable either for beneficial interests in a Permanent 
Global Note or for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Bearer Notes"). A Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes only in the limited circumstances set out in such 
Permanent Global Note. 
Notes to be issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by interests in a Global 
Certificate deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system approved by the relevant Issuer, 
or by Individual Certificates. 
All references in this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to "U.S. 
dollars", "U.S.$" and "U.S. cents" are to the currency of the United States of America, those to 
"Sterling", "Pounds Sterling", "Pounds" and "£" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to 
"Japanese Yen", "Yen" and "¥" are to the currency of Japan and those to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, and the lawful currency of Ireland 
with effect from 1 January 1999. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilising action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time, but must be brought to an end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilising action or over-allotment must be

--- Page 39 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
39 
 
 
conducted by the Stabilising Manager (or any person acting for the stabilising manager) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference therein. 
The Issuer is not, and will not be, regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") by 
virtue of issuing the Notes. Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and 
is not subject to the deposit protection scheme operated by Central Bank.

--- Page 40 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
For the purposes of this section, references to the "Underlying Assets" shall also include any Underlying 
Assets that have been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under a Hedge Agreement by virtue of the 
Credit Support Annex thereto. 
Conflicts of interest may arise between the various parties involved in the issuance of Notes 
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may act in multiple capacities in connection with any Series 
of Notes. The Arranger and other Transaction Parties have only the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to in their relevant capacity and will not be deemed to have other duties and responsibilities or 
be deemed to be subject to a standard of care other than as may be expressly provided with respect to 
their relevant capacity. The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may enter into business dealings 
relating to the Notes or the Underlying Assets or any asset in respect of the Notes or Underlying Assets 
from which it may derive revenues and profits without any duty to account for such revenues or profits. 
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may purchase and hold Notes of any Series. 
The Arranger and any of its affiliates (the "Arranger Group"), including personnel, sales and training, 
investment research and investment management personnel, regularly make investment 
recommendations, or publish or express independent views in respect of a wide range of markets, 
issuers, securities and instruments. They regularly implement, or recommend, various investment 
strategies relating to these markets, issuers, securities and instruments. These strategies include, for 
example, buying or selling credit protection against a default or other event involving an entity or 
financial instruments. Any of these recommendations and views may be negative with respect to the 
Issuer or the Notes or other securities or instruments similar to the Notes or result in trading strategies 
that have a negative impact on the market for any such securities or instruments, particularly in illiquid 
markets. Noteholders should expect that personnel in the trading and investing businesses of the 
Arranger Group will have independent views of the Issuer or other market trends which may not be 
aligned with the views and objectives of Noteholders. 
The Arranger and other Transaction Parties may at any time be an active and significant participant in 
or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to 
currencies, securities and derivatives. Activities undertaken by the Arranger and other Transaction 
Parties may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such 
currencies, securities relating to currencies, securities and derivatives based on, or relating to, the Notes 
or any Underlying Assets. Notwithstanding this, neither the Arranger nor other Transaction Parties 
necessarily have a duty or obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to any 
Notes when effecting transactions in such markets.  
The Arranger Group may, from time to time, be in possession of certain information (confidential or 
otherwise) and/or opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Underlying Assets or another 
Transaction Party which information and/or opinions might, if known by the Noteholder, affect 
decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Notes. Notwithstanding this, the Arranger 
Group shall not have any duty or obligation to notify the Noteholders, the Issuer or any other Transaction 
Party (including any directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
Furthermore, the Arranger Group may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, 
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Underlying Assets or an obligor 
of any such Underlying Assets and it shall not be under any duty to disclose such confidential 
information to any Noteholder, the Issuer or any other Transaction Party (including any directors, 
officers or employees thereof).  
The Trustee or Fiscal Agent are required to have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a 
class and not individually and do not assume any duty or responsibility to the Transaction Parties 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee and Fiscal Agent (as applicable) will have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and are not required to have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders. The Trustee, in respect of a Trustee Series,

--- Page 41 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
is not entitled to require, nor is any Noteholder entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders.  
In acting as Trustee under a Trust Instrument, the Trustee does not, in respect of Notes under any Trustee 
Series, assume any duty or responsibility to the Transaction Parties (other than to pay any such party 
any moneys received and payable to it and act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust 
Instrument). The Trustee is not obliged to act on any directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction 
Party other than where expressly provided otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee 
is a party. 
In acting as Fiscal Agent under a Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent does not, in respect of 
Notes under any Fiscal Agency Series, assume any duty or responsibility to the Transaction Parties 
(other than to pay any such party any moneys received and payable to it and act in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Fiscal Agency Agreement. The Fiscal Agent is not obliged to act on any directions 
of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party other than where expressly provided otherwise in the 
Transaction Documents to which the Fiscal Agency is a party.  
Each Counterparty is entitled to exercise functions in its absolute discretion 
Where any Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion, make a determination or to undertake a 
course of action in respect of an agreement to which it is a party, in respect of the Conditions or otherwise 
in respect of the Notes, the relevant Counterparty will be contractually entitled to act in its absolute 
discretion and will be under no obligation to, and will not assume any responsibility for, the Noteholders 
or any other person.  
In exercising such discretion, making a determination or deciding upon a course of action, the relevant 
Counterparty may act in its best interests and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any 
other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its respective affiliates that may result directly 
or indirectly from any such exercise, determination or action. 
Business relationships with any Counterparty may be pursued without regard to the consequences 
for Noteholders 
The Arranger , Swap Counterparty and other Transaction Parties may deal in any obligation of any 
obligor of any Underlying Assets and may make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally 
engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business transactions with, the obligor 
of any Underlying Assets. The Arranger, Swap Counterparty and other Transaction Parties may act with 
respect to such transactions in the same manner without regard to whether any such action might have 
an adverse effect on the obligor of any Underlying Assets, the Issuer, any Counterparty or the 
Noteholders of the relevant Series.  
One or more of the Arranger, Swap Counterparty or any Transaction Party may undertake any of the 
following activities and such arrangements or transactions may result in the Arranger, Swap 
Counterparty or any Transaction Party having interests which are contrary to the interests of 
Noteholders:  
 
underwrite, or act as an arrange or adviser in connection with the original issuance of, or may 
act as a dealer with respect to, the Underlying Assets; 
 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with the Underlying Assets or 
other securities issued by an obligor of the Underlying Assets;  
 
be a counterparty to obligors of the Underlying Assets under a derivative transaction;  
 
lend to obligors of the Underlying Assets or their affiliates or receive guarantees from such 
obligors or their affiliates;

--- Page 42 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or 
financial services to the obligors of the Underlying Assets or their affiliates; or  
 
have an equity interest in obligors of the Underlying Assets or their affiliates.  
When undertaking any of the aforementioned activities in relation to the Underlying Assets, the 
Arranger or any of the Transaction Parties may be entitled to fees and expenses senior in priority to 
payments on such Underlying Assets.

--- Page 43 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
43 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
1.  
The audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(the "2020 Accounts"). A copy of the 2020 Accounts can be found at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p934%7C24597/documents. 
2  
The audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(the "2021 Accounts"). A copy of the 2021 Accounts can be found at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p934%7C24597/documents. 
Each document above shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
TERMS OF THE NOTES 
44 
 
TERMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Series of Notes shall have the terms and conditions as set out in the Conditions Modules 
incorporated by reference and as completed, modified or supplemented by the provisions set out in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Fiscal Agency Series and Notes issued incorporating the Fiscal Agency Terms Module are not to be 
admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market (as defined below) or GEM 
(as defined below). 
As so completed, modified or supplemented, such terms and conditions will be the "Conditions" for the 
purposes of such Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
45 
 
 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE 
NOVEMBER 2022 EDITION 
to be incorporated by reference into the Trust Instrument or Issue Deed as applicable 
for an issue of Notes arranged by 
UNICREDIT BANK AG

--- Page 46 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
46 
 
 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
PART A 
 
TRUSTEE SERIES 
This Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module sets out the basic terms and conditions for Notes 
governed by English law and will apply separately and independently in respect of all Trustee 
Series issued in bearer form. Other Conditions Modules will apply in addition, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The terms and conditions contained 
in this Bearer Notes Conditions Module may be modified by the terms and conditions set out in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of a Series of Notes. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Title to Bearer Notes and (if applicable) the 
related Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes will either: 
(i) 
initially be represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note; or 
(ii) 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Note, 
as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The Temporary Bearer Global Note or Permanent Bearer Global Note, as the case may be, 
will be deposited on or before the Issue Date with the Common Depositary. 
Beneficial interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in 
part for either beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or definitive Bearer 
Notes, as provided in the Temporary Bearer Global Note. A Temporary Bearer Global Note 
may be exchanged on or after the Exchange Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
A Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Bearer Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, as provided in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note. 
(c) 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer that 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Clearing Systems and in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note. 
(d) 
With respect to definitive Bearer Notes, the holder thereof means the bearer of such definitive 
Bearer Notes. For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note held by 
a Common Depositary, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the 
Clearing Systems as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be 
the holder of such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal, premium (if any), or interest or other amount on such Notes. With 
respect to such payment, such Common Depositary shall be deemed to be the holder of such 
nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note. Any certificate or other document issued by the Clearing Systems as to the nominal 
amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error. In determining whether a particular person is

--- Page 47 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
47 
 
 
entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such 
evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit 
and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
(e) 
Subject to paragraph (d) above, the Issuer, the Counterparty (if any), the Trustee and the 
Agents may deem and treat the holder of any Bearer Note as the owner thereof for all purposes. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by applicable law, the 
Issuer, each Counterparty, the Trustee and the Agents shall not be affected by any notice to 
the contrary, whether or not the Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of 
ownership or other writing thereon. All payments made to any such holder shall be valid and, 
to the extent of the sums so paid, effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for the moneys 
payable upon such Notes. 
2. 
STATUS 
The Notes are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured in the manner 
described in Condition 3 (Security) and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner 
described in Condition 12 (Enforcement). The Notes rank and will rank, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
3. 
SECURITY 
The Notes are constituted and secured by the security interests created under the terms of a 
Trust Instrument. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the Charged Agreement(s) (if any) will be secured by 
the following security: 
(a) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights under the Agency 
Agreement; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over the Charged Assets and all Rights and sums derived therefrom; 
(c) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights to the Charged Assets; 
(d) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of the Issuer's Rights under the Charged 
Agreement(s) (other than in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Charged 
Agreement(s)), the Issuer's Rights under the Sale Agreement and the Issuer's Rights under any 
Additional Agreement; and 
(e) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights to any of its relevant 
bank accounts in respect of the Series of Notes (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer's bank account containing the paid up ordinary share capital of the Issuer). 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify whether any other security 
interest will be created under the relevant Security Document. 
4. 
CHARGED ASSETS 
(a) 
Initial Charged Assets 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the 
Vendor will procure that the initial Charged Assets as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing

--- Page 48 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
48 
 
 
Supplement, as applicable, (the "Initial Charged Assets") are delivered to the Custodian on 
the Issue Date, to the extent that such Charged Assets are capable of being delivered. With 
effect from such delivery, the Charged Assets will be held by the Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer, subject to the Security Interests. 
(b) 
Substitution of Charged Assets 
(i) 
Substitution at direction of Counterparty 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify whether the 
Charged Assets may be substituted from time to time for alternative assets and, if 
substitution is applicable, whether such substitution is on the Nominal Basis or the 
Market Value Basis. Where such substitution is applicable, the Counterparty (if any) 
may, from time to time, at its cost and subject to the Trust Instrument, by giving not 
less than 3 Business Days' (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) notice (a "Substitution 
Notice") in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee require that any securities or other 
assets for the time being comprising the Charged Assets be replaced by Eligible 
Investments and the Trustee shall accordingly release the Charged Assets from the 
Security Interests in accordance with the Trust Terms Module to enable such 
substitution. 
A substitution may occur provided that: 
(A) 
upon any release of the substituted Charged Assets from the Security 
Interests, the replacement Charged Assets are secured by the Issuer on the 
same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the substituted Charged Assets; 
(B) 
all requirements of any relevant Stock Exchange or competent authority 
are complied with; and 
(C) 
any other conditions specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, (including Rating Agency requirements, (if any)) are 
complied with. 
Upon receipt of a Substitution Notice, the Issuer shall notify the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders and, in the case of 
Notes that are rated, the relevant Rating Agencies. 
The Counterparty shall bear and pay, and shall indemnify the Issuer and the Trustee 
against, all costs, expenses and taxes (including, without limitation, stamp duty) 
payable in connection with a substitution. 
(ii) 
Substitution at the request of Noteholders 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
if no event under Condition 8(b), 8(c) or 11 has occurred, on the first Business Day 
which falls three calendar months after the Issue Date (or if there is no corresponding 
day in such month, the last Business Day in such month) and every first Business 
Day three calendar months thereafter (or as aforesaid), any Noteholder may, by 
delivering a written request (a "Sale Request", any such Noteholder delivering such 
request, a "Requesting Noteholder") to the Issuer, request the Issuer to sell the 
Charged Assets and reinvest the proceeds thereof in cash or one or more Eligible 
Assets identified by such Noteholder in the Sale Request (the "Replacement 
Assets") in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii).

--- Page 49 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
49 
 
 
If the Issuer receives a Sale Request it shall, within three Business Days of such 
receipt, notify the Noteholder in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), copied to 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Custodian, the Trustee, the Selling Agent and the 
Counterparty, asking the Noteholders if they consent to such sale and replacement; 
provided that the Issuer shall not notify the Noteholders if the Issuer determines 
that the Replacement Assets have been purchased pursuant to a prior Sale Request 
within the prior three months. 
If within five Business Days' following the Issuer's delivery of a copy of the Sale 
Request to the Noteholders, the Required Minimum Noteholders notify the Issuer in 
writing (copied to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Selling Agent, the 
Counterparty and the Custodian) that they consent to such sale of the Charged Assets 
and reinvestment in the Replacement Assets, and that they agree to pay all costs 
incurred in connection with the sale of the then Charged Assets and the purchase of 
the Replacement Assets (including, without limitation, any Swap Adjustment Costs 
and Charged Assets Top Up Costs (each as defined below) as well as legal fees in 
amending any of the documents relating to the Notes to accommodate such change 
and the documents in respect of the new issue (together, the "Restructure 
Documents")), the Issuer shall inform the Principal Paying Agent, the Selling Agent, 
the Custodian and the Trustee. The Selling Agent will, upon release of the security 
by the Trustee, sell such principal amount of the Charged Assets, rounded down to 
the nearest denomination of such Charged Assets (the "Liquidation Assets") as 
bears the same proportion to the then total principal amount of the outstanding 
Charged Assets as the principal amount of the Notes held by the Noteholders which 
have consented to the sale of the Charged Assets (the "Consenting Holders") bears 
to the then total Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes. 
The Selling Agent shall solicit bids for the purchase of the Charged Assets from at 
least two bidders (other than UniCredit Bank AG or any of its Affiliates) and shall 
then arrange for the sale of the Charged Assets to the person which has made the 
higher or highest, as applicable, firm bid for such securities and/or assets; provided 
however, that if two or more bidders have the same highest bid, then the Selling 
Agent may elect to sell such securities and/or assets to any such bidder; provided, 
further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Selling Agent may 
sell the Charged Assets to itself or an Affiliate if it or its Affiliates, as applicable, 
elects to match such higher or highest bid, as applicable. The Issuer shall then, 
through the Selling Agent, purchase the Replacement Assets with the proceeds (the 
"Liquidation Proceeds") of the Liquidation Assets or, if such proceeds are not 
sufficient to make such purchase, with such proceeds and the amount, which must 
be contributed by the Consenting Holders, equal to the amount of such deficiency 
(the "Charged Assets Top Up Costs"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not sell any Charged Assets in 
connection with its receipt of a Sale Request unless the following conditions have 
been met: 
(A) 
The Replacement Assets must (i) be readily available and eligible for 
purchase by the Issuer, (ii) satisfy the requirements for Eligible Assets, (iii) 
mature on or before the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the Scheduled 
Termination Date and (iv) (if such substitution is on the Nominal Basis) be 
in an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the principal amount of 
the Charged Assets for which they are Replacement Assets (or its 
equivalent in the currency of the relevant Replacement Assets);

--- Page 50 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
50 
 
 
(B) 
If the cashflows payable on the Replacement Assets are different from the 
cashflows payable on the Liquidation Assets, the Consenting Holders must 
pay to the Cash Deposit Account for distribution to the Counterparty (such 
distribution to be made upon instruction from the Issuer to the Custodian), 
an amount (the "Swap Adjustment Cost"), as notified to the Issuer by the 
Counterparty, sufficient to compensate the Counterparty for amending or 
executing a swap transaction with the Issuer: 
(x) 
(in the case where the relevant Hedge Agreement does not 
contain an interest rate and/or cross currency transaction) to 
ensure that the cashflows available to the Issuer to make 
payments of interest on each Interest Payment Date are equal to 
the aggregate interest amounts payable on the Notes, if applicable 
and any additional costs incurred by the Counterparty in 
establishing any swap such that the aggregate Interest Amounts 
remain the same; or 
(y) 
(in the case where the relevant Hedge Agreement does contain 
an interest rate and/or cross currency transaction) any loss which 
will be incurred by the Counterparty as a result of the reduction 
in the payments to be made to the Counterparty under such 
interest rate and/or cross-currency swap transaction; 
(C) 
If the purchase price of a principal amount of the Replacement Assets equal 
to the principal amount of the Liquidation Assets is less than the amount 
of the Liquidation Proceeds, the amount of such excess proceeds shall be 
applied to purchase additional Replacement Assets (such amount to be 
converted to the currency of the Replacement Assets, if necessary); 
(D) 
If the Notes are rated, the relevant Rating Agency or Rating Agencies must 
confirm to the Issuer, the Counterparty and the Trustee, in writing on or 
before the date of any replacement of the Charged Assets, that the 
replacement of the Charged Assets with the Replacement Assets will not 
cause a downgrade in their rating of the Notes and that the New Series of 
Notes (as defined below) shall have the same rating as the Notes; and 
(E) 
All the Restructure Documents have been duly executed by all parties. 
Prior to selling any Charged Assets in connection with a replacement as described 
herein, the Issuer and the Counterparty may require that the Consenting Holders 
make a cash deposit to the Cash Deposit Account sufficient to cover all costs which 
are to be borne by the Consenting Holders as described herein. The Issuer shall 
provide the Custodian with instruction to make onward payment in relation to such 
cash deposits made to the Cash Deposit Account.  
If the consent of the Required Minimum Noteholders has been obtained but less than 
all of the Noteholders are Consenting Holders, the Issuer, the Counterparty and the 
Trustee shall deem the Consenting Holders as having exchanged their Notes for a 
new series of Notes (the "New Series of Notes") which will be secured on the 
Replacement Assets (but not any of the then Charged Assets which have not been 
liquidated) and a new Hedge Agreement (the "Replacement Swap") which the 
Issuer will enter into with the Counterparty on the date of purchase of the 
Replacement Assets. The Replacement Swap will be structured in a manner similar 
to the existing Hedge Agreement but will be adjusted to take account of the change 
in the cash flows for the Replaced Assets.

--- Page 51 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
51 
 
 
All parties, at the expense of the Consenting Holders, will enter into any amendments 
to the other transaction documents and any documentation required to amend the 
Notes and to effect the New Series of Notes and will ensure that the Notes as 
amended and the New Series of Notes preserve the economic equivalence of the 
Notes prior to such replacement. Upon the Issuer's purchase of any Replacement 
Assets as described in the preceding paragraphs such Replacement Assets shall 
constitute Charged Assets for the New Series of Notes. 
All Noteholders are deemed to have accepted Condition 4(b)(ii) and to be bound by 
the terms thereof even if not Consenting Holders. 
(iii) 
Substitution with Cash Collateral 
(A) 
In the event the Vendor does not deliver to the Issuer on the Issue Date all 
or any part of the Initial Charged Assets pursuant to the Sale Agreement, 
the Issuer shall, on the Issue Date, deposit the Cash Collateral into the Cash 
Deposit Account. The Cash Collateral shall form part of the Charged 
Assets and shall be subject to the security interest in favour of the Trustee 
created pursuant to the Trust Instrument. If the Notes are rated by a Rating 
Agency, the terms of the Cash Deposit Account will, on the date on which 
the Cash Deposit Account is opened, include any rating downgrade triggers 
specified by the relevant Rating Agency at such time. 
(B) 
The Vendor will use reasonable endeavours to pursue delivery of the Initial 
Charged Assets (whether or not such Charged Assets are subject to default 
(howsoever described)) to the Issuer in accordance with normal market 
practice pursuant to the Sale Agreement. In the event the Vendor delivers 
the Initial Charged Assets (or part thereof) to the Issuer after the Issue Date, 
the Issuer shall substitute the Initial Charged Assets (or part thereof) for an 
amount of cash held in the Cash Deposit Account equal to an amount which 
is the product of (1) the principal amount of such Initial Charged Assets 
divided by the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Charged Assets 
multiplied by (2) the Price. Such Initial Charged Assets shall be deposited 
with the Custodian in the Custodian's account pursuant to the Custody 
Agreement. From the time of such deposit, such amounts removed from 
the Cash Deposit Account will be released from the security constituted by 
the Trust Instrument by the Trustee and will not form part of the Charged 
Assets. 
(C) 
The Issuer's ability to deposit cash on the Issue Date shall be for the 
purposes of ensuring that the Notes are fully secured. Any interest earned 
on the Cash Deposit Account shall be paid by the Issuer to the Counterparty 
under the Hedge Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any substitution 
pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) shall not affect the payments by the 
Counterparty to the Issuer under the Hedge Agreement. 
(iv) 
Substitution following maturity of the Charged Assets 
If any securities or other assets comprising all or part of the Charged Assets are 
redeemed prior to the Maturity Date or other date for final redemption of the Notes 
("Maturing Charged Assets") and it is provided in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, that this Condition 4(b)(iv) applies to the Notes, the 
proceeds of redemption received in respect of such Maturing Charged Assets shall 
be applied by the Issuer:

--- Page 52 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
52 
 
 
(A) 
in the purchase of Eligible Investments; and/or 
(B) 
for the depositing in the Cash Deposit Account. The Custodian shall, if 
directed by the Issuer, from time to time apply such redemption proceeds 
standing to the credit of the Cash Deposit Account in the purchase of 
Eligible Investments. 
Not later than the date of each such substitution pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv), 
the Issuer shall give a notice to the Counterparty, the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices)) and, in the case of Notes that are rated, the relevant Rating 
Agencies, specifying, inter alia, the details of any Eligible Investments so purchased 
and the proposed date of such purchase. Such notice, once given by the Issuer, shall 
be conclusive and binding on such persons so notified by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a substitution pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv) 
may only be made if:- 
(x) 
the Eligible Investments so purchased are secured by the Issuer on the same 
terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Maturing Charged Assets; 
(y) 
all requirements of any relevant Stock Exchange or competent authority 
are complied with; and 
(z) 
any other conditions specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, (including Rating Agency requirements (if any)) are 
complied with. 
All determinations of the availability of Eligible Investments for purchase, and all 
determinations and calculations of the purchase price and applicable date for 
purchase thereof shall be made by the Counterparty in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument and all such determinations and calculations shall be binding on the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and all other persons. The Trustee shall not be 
liable to the Issuer, the Noteholders or any other person nor shall the Issuer be liable 
to the Trustee or any Noteholder for any loss arising from any arrangement referred 
to in any notice given under this Condition 4(b)(iv) or for the purchase price of the 
Eligible Investments so purchased or otherwise from the operation of this Condition 
4(b)(iv). 
(v) 
Limitations on the Substitution of Charged Assets 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
a substitution of Charged Assets and their replacement with Eligible Investments 
under the terms of Condition 4(b)(i) to (iv) above shall not be permitted unless the 
Calculation Agent confirms that the aggregate principal amount of any Charged 
Assets which have been sold by the Issuer (not taking into account any sales 
conducted for the purpose of securing the volume, the duration and the risk structure 
of the Charged Assets) during the most recent Substitution Period to occur (or if such 
substitution is to take place during the First Substitution Period, during the period 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date of the proposed 
substitution and replacement) does not exceed 20 per cent. of the total aggregate 
principal amount of all Charged Assets held by the Issuer as at the beginning of such 
Substitution Period. Where: "Substitution Period" means each of (A) the period 
beginning on (and including) the Issue Date of the Notes to (but excluding) the first 
anniversary date of the Issue Date (which shall be the "First Substitution Period");

--- Page 53 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
53 
 
 
and (B) each successive twelve month period after such anniversary date of the Issue 
Date. 
(c) 
Realisation of Secured Property upon early redemption of the Notes or Event of Default 
If the Security Interests over the Secured Property become enforceable following an early 
redemption of the Notes or an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its discretion and, if 
requested by an Instructing Creditor, shall (subject to being indemnified to its satisfaction) 
realise such Secured Property and/or take such action as may be permitted under applicable 
laws against any obligor in respect of such Secured Property. The Trustee will not have any 
liability as to the consequence of such action and will not have regard to the effect of such 
action on individual Noteholders or the Counterparty. On the occurrence of any such event, 
each Charged Agreement will terminate in accordance with its terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, all rights of replacement and/or substitution of Charged Assets under Condition 4(b) 
shall cease forthwith upon the Security Interests over the Charged Assets becoming 
enforceable whether in whole or in part. 
5. 
APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Application of Realisation Amount 
The Trust Instrument provides for the application of the Realisation Amount in accordance 
with the relevant Priority Ranking Basis. 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify the Priority Ranking 
Basis in accordance with which the Realisation Amount will be applied, being one of the 
following (or otherwise as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable): 
(A) 
If Noteholder Priority Basis is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, the Trustee shall apply the Realisation Amount: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts due and unpaid under clause 
16 (Remuneration and Indemnification of the Trustee) and/or clause 17(K) 
(Supplement to the Trustee Acts 1925 and 2000) of the Trust Terms 
Module and/or under any Additional Charging Document to the Trustee 
and/or any Appointee (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, 
the costs of realising the Security Interests and the Trustee's remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, 
duties, liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become 
due and payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer 
(including to its professional advisers, its corporate service provider and 
the Agents) in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's 
ongoing obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents 
entered into by it; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting claims of the Noteholders under the Notes on a pari 
passu and pro rata basis; 
(iv) 
fourthly, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty (or if more than one 
Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be met on the 
basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) 
under any Charged Agreement(s); and 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
54 
 
 
(B) 
If Pari Passu Basis is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the Trustee shall apply the Realisation Amount: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts due and unpaid under clause 
16 (Remuneration and Indemnification of the Trustee) and/or clause 17(K) 
(Supplement to the Trustee Acts 1925 and 2000) of the Trust Terms Module 
and/or under any Additional Charging Document to the Trustee and/or any 
Appointee (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of 
realising the Security Interests and the Trustee's remuneration; 
(ii) 
secondly, to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, 
duties, liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become 
due and payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer 
(including to its professional advisers, its corporate service provider and 
the Agents) in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's 
ongoing obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents 
entered into by it; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders under the Notes and the 
Counterparty (or if more than one Counterparty, the claims of all such 
Counterparties shall be met on the basis as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) under any Charged Agreement(s) on a 
pari passu and pro rata basis; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(C) 
If Counterparty Priority Basis is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the Trustee shall apply the Realisation Amount: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts due and unpaid under clause 
16 (Remuneration and Indemnification of the Trustee) and/or clause 17(K) 
(Supplement to the Trustee Acts 1925 and 2000) of the Trust Terms Module 
and/or under any Additional Charging Document to the Trustee and/or any 
Appointee (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of 
realising the Security Interests and the Trustee's remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, 
duties, liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become 
due and payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer 
(including to its professional advisers, its corporate service provider and 
the Agents) in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's 
ongoing obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents 
entered into by it; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty (or, if more than one 
Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be met on the 
basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) 
under the Charged Agreement(s); 
(iv) 
fourthly, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders under the Notes on a 
pari passu and pro rata basis; and 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer.

--- Page 55 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
55 
 
 
provided that, if the realisation or enforcement of the Security Interests constituted by or 
pursuant to the relevant Security Document has arisen as a result of any Event of Default (as 
defined in the Hedge Agreement) relating to the Counterparty, then the Trustee shall apply the 
Realisation Amount on the basis of "Pari Passu Basis" which shall be deemed to apply (for 
all purposes) instead of Counterparty Priority Basis. 
(b) 
Issuer's expenses 
Prior to the realisation or enforcement of the Security Interests constituted by or pursuant to 
any Security Document, notwithstanding any other Condition, on any date on which amounts 
are payable by the Issuer to Noteholders (including under Condition 7 and Condition 8), the 
Issuer shall have the right to deduct from such amounts and to pay when due any reasonably 
necessary taxes, fees, costs, duties, liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to 
become due and payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer (including to 
its professional advisers) in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's ongoing 
obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents entered into by it. 
6. 
SHORTFALL AFTER APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
(a) 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and any Charged Agreement(s) 
(if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time 
to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property in 
accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(b) 
To the extent that such sums are less than the amount which the Noteholders and the 
Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the difference being referred to as a 
"shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by such Noteholders and by the Counterparty (if any) 
in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(c) 
Each holder of Notes, by subscribing for or purchasing such Notes, and each Counterparty (if 
any) will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
the Noteholders and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely to the sums referred 
to in paragraph (a) of this Condition 6 (Shortfall after Application of Proceeds), as 
applied in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above (the Relevant Sums), for 
payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and any Charged 
Agreement(s); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes and any 
Charged Agreement(s) will be limited to the Relevant Sums and the Noteholders and 
the Counterparty (if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Charged Agreement(s), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing, any right of the Noteholders and the Counterparty 
(if any) to claim payment of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be 
automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the Noteholders and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able to petition for the 
winding up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer as a consequence of 
any such shortfall. 
Non-payment of any shortfall shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 
(Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if any) to terminate the remainder of any

--- Page 56 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
56 
 
 
Charged Agreement(s) in respect of such Series in the case of a partial termination and in any 
event, in respect of any other Series. 
None of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the shareholders of the Issuer, any Dealer or 
any Counterparty has any obligation to any Noteholder for payment of any amount by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
7. 
TYPES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount as on the first day 
of a Fixed Interest Period (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at the rate(s) per annum equal 
to the Rate(s) of Interest, subject to any cessation of interest in circumstances as set out in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year as specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, subject as aforesaid. 
Interest pursuant to this Condition 7(a), whether for a Fixed Interest Period or a period other 
than a Fixed Interest Period, shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, 
and shall be rounded in accordance with Condition 7(e) below. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes and Indexed Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Note which is a Floating Rate Note or Indexed Interest Note bears interest on 
its Outstanding Principal Amount as on the first day of an Interest Period (or, if it is 
a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, subject to any cessation 
of interest in circumstances as set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
Such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, each date which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date, 
each an Interest Payment Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date).

--- Page 57 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
57 
 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and 
Indexed Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Agent Bank under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent 
Bank were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation 
Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period the Agent Bank or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will 
be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 7(b)(iv) 
(Types of Notes – Floating Rate Notes and Indexed Interest Notes) in 
respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided 
in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations,

--- Page 58 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
58 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent Bank. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent Bank for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(C) 
Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred, it will give notice of such determination to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent, any Counterparty, the Registrar and the 
Noteholders (which notice the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on without 
further enquiry or investigation). At any point following the occurrence of 
a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent may (or, following the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Reference Rate Event, shall) take the following 
actions:  
(1) 
if the tenor of the Reference Rate is no longer available, the 
Calculation Agent shall, subject to the prior consent of the 
Designated Counterparty, apply the interpolation determination. 
Where 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
applies 
interpolation 
determination, the Reference Rate shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be 
calculated as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the tenor of the 
original Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option (as the case may 
be) and the other of which shall be calculated as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the tenor of the original Reference Rate or 
Floating Rate Option (as the case may be);  
(2) 
if the Reference Rate may not be calculated by the application of 
the interpolation determination pursuant to (1) above), the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement 
Reference Rate;  
if "Reference Rate Redemption Event" is specified as applicable and, after 
using reasonable efforts to do so, the Calculation Agent is unable to 
calculate the Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with (2) above) 
or is unable to identify and propose to the Issuer suitable amendments 
and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and any provisions of the 
Transaction Documents as contemplated in paragraph (i)(2) of Condition 
7(b)(ii)(D) (Reference Rate Fallbacks), or if the Issuer does not adopt any 
such proposal, then the Notes may be redeemed early pursuant to 
Condition 8(j) (Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events) 
(D) 
Reference Rate Fallbacks

--- Page 59 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
59 
 
 
Upon identification of a Replacement Reference Rate:  
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Counterparty, the Registrar and the 
Noteholders of such Replacement Reference Rate and shall:  
(1) 
identify; and  
(2) 
propose to the Issuer modifications to the Notes and 
Transaction Documents in respect of such Series to account 
for  the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Replacement Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve to the 
extent practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes 
prior to such replacement of the Reference Rate and upon 
receipt of such a proposal, the Issuer shall hold a board 
meeting to consider such proposal and determine, in the 
Issuer's absolute discretion, whether to adopt such proposal; 
and  
(3) 
where the Issuer determines to adopt the proposal referred 
to in paragraph (i)(2) of Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) (Reference 
Rate Fallbacks), notify the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Counterparty (if any), the Registrar and the 
Noteholders of the modifications to the Notes and 
Transaction Documents resulting from such adoption by the 
Issuer.  
(ii) 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be bound to concur with any 
modifications referred to in this Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) at the 
expense of the Issuer and without the consent of the Noteholders, 
provided that (i) they have received a certificate, on which they can 
rely without enquiry or liability, signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that such modifications are necessary or appropriate 
in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted 
by the Replacement Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve to the 
extent practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes prior to 
such replacement of the Reference Rate, (ii) the Trustee and the 
Agents are satisfied that such amendments do not impose unduly 
onerous additional obligations on the Trustee or the Agents (as 
applicable) than existed prior to the making of such amendments 
or reduce or amend their rights and/or the protective provision 
afforded to them in the Transaction Documents, and (iii) provided 
that the Trustee and the Agents have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to their satisfaction. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Agents shall not be liable to 
the Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such 
certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person.  
In selecting a Replacement Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent will act 
in a commercially reasonable manner and it may, but is not obliged to, take 
into account its internal models and policies, any industry developments 
and market consensus.

--- Page 60 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
60 
 
 
No liability shall attach to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Designated 
Counterparty, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar for 
any determination or non-determination of the Issuer or modification to the 
Transaction Documents in respect of such Series or any proposal or absence 
of proposal by the Calculation Agent, in each case made in accordance with 
this Condition 7(b)(ii)(D).  
If any changes are required to a Swap Agreement corresponding to any 
modifications made in accordance with this Condition 7(b)(ii)(D), they 
shall be implemented in accordance with the terms of such Swap 
Agreement and, accordingly, they shall be subject to the relevant 
Counterparty's consent.  
Any modifications made in accordance with this Condition will be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified to the 
Noteholders by the Issuer as soon as is practicable. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify a Minimum Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify a Maximum Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent Bank (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or the Calculation Agent (in 
the case of Indexed Interest Notes) will, on or as soon as practicable after each time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but in any event no later than the 
second Business Day thereafter, determine and notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Counterparty (if any) and the Principal Paying Agent of (i) the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the amounts payable in respect of the Notes of 
each Specified Denomination (the "Interest Amounts") pertaining to such Interest 
Period. 
The Interest Amounts shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying each such sum by the applicable Floating Day 
Count Fraction and shall be rounded in accordance with Condition 7(e) below. 
(v) 
Publication of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to any 
Stock Exchange upon which the Notes are listed (as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) and to be published in accordance with relevant 
provisions relating to notices as soon as possible after their determination, but in any 
event no later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The Interest Amounts and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended with the consent

--- Page 61 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
61 
 
 
of the Trustee (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the 
Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified as 
aforesaid to each Stock Exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Indexed Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Notifications to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, calculations, certificates, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions 
summarised under this Condition whether by the Agent Bank or the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Counterparty, the Agent Bank, the Calculation Agent, 
the Trustee, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders, as applicable, and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Agent Bank or the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to this Condition. 
(c) 
Partly Paid Notes 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that the Notes are Partly Paid 
Notes, the amount of each payment comprising the issue price, the date on which each payment 
is to be made and the consequences (if any) of failure to make any such payment will be as set 
out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, interest will accrue on the paid-
up nominal amount of such Notes and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
(d) 
Principal Protected CDO Notes 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that the Notes are Principal 
Protected CDO Notes, unless otherwise specified therein: 
(i) 
the Notes will not bear a pre-determined Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the event that distributions are made by, or payments of interest and/or principal 
and/or any fixed amount are made by, the obligor of the relevant Charged Assets 
and/or Counterparty of any Charged Agreement(s) specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, such sums will be paid to the Noteholders within 
two Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) of receipt thereof from time to time by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee; and 
(iii) 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will set out the expected dates 
of any such distributions or payments. 
(e) 
Rounding in respect of all Notes 
All amounts resulting from any calculations referred to in these provisions will be rounded 
downwards to the nearest unit or sub-unit of currency or as described in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 62 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
62 
 
 
(f) 
Default interest 
Subject to Condition 9(c), each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, 
that part only of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, any amount due in respect of the Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case interest shall accrue as provided in the Trust Instrument at 
the rate specified for the purpose in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (or 
if no such rate is specified, the rate shall be deemed to be zero). References to any payment 
due or owing in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include any interest which may be 
payable under this Condition 7 (Types of Notes). 
8. 
REDEMPTION 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
unless such Note has been redeemed, purchased or cancelled prior to such date. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
(i) 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, 
would be required by law to withhold or account for tax or would suffer 
tax in respect of its income in respect of the Charged Assets or receipt of 
payments under any Charged Agreement (including the deductions of tax 
from such payments) so that it would be unable to make payment of the 
full amount payable on the Notes without recourse to further sources of 
funding, or 
(B) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of any 
Charged Agreement, would be required by law to withhold or account for 
tax or would suffer tax in respect of its income in respect of the Charged 
Assets (including the deductions of tax from such payments) so that it 
would be unable to make payment of the full amount payable under such 
Charged Agreement without recourse to further sources of funding, or 
(C) 
the Issuer would be required to account for any tax or suffer tax in respect 
of its income in respect of the Charged Assets or receipt of payments 
(whether actual or deemed) under any Charged Agreement as a result of 
the then accounting treatment, as certified by the Issuer's auditors, 
then the Issuer shall so inform the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Counterparty in writing in a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer. 
The date on which any such withholding or deduction is suffered or such increased 
amount is payable is referred to as the "Shortfall Date". The Issuer shall use all 
reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution as the principal debtor of the Notes 
of another company, approved by the Trustee (in the case of Notes that are rated, 
subject to Rating Agency Confirmation) incorporated in another jurisdiction wherein 
such withholding would not be applicable, or such tax would not be accountable or 
suffered and, in any such case, the company concerned would not be in any worse 
position following the substitution than the Issuer was in before the event occurred

--- Page 63 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
63 
 
 
which resulted in the Issuer being obliged to use all reasonable endeavours to 
substitute a new principal debtor in accordance with this provision. 
(ii) 
If, having used all reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to arrange such 
substitution before the relevant Shortfall Date, in the case of Condition 8(b)(i)(A) 
where there is a Charged Agreement, the Counterparty shall have the right, but not 
the obligation, exercisable prior to the Shortfall Date in its sole discretion, under any 
Charged Agreement to pay to the Issuer such amounts as will enable it (after any 
such withholding, accounting or suffering) to pay (and in such event, the Issuer will 
be obliged to pay) to the Noteholders the amounts which they would have received 
in the absence of such withholding, accounting or suffering. 
If, having used all reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to arrange such 
substitution before the relevant Shortfall Date in the case of Condition 8(b)(i)(B), the 
Counterparty shall have the right, but not the obligation, exercisable prior to the 
Shortfall Date in its sole discretion, under any such Charged Agreement to accept a 
lesser payment from the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets (after any such 
withholding or accounting or suffering of tax by the Issuer in respect of the Charged 
Assets). 
If, having used all reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to arrange such 
substitution before the relevant Shortfall Date, in the case of the events referred to in 
Condition 8(b)(i)(C) and where there is a Charged Agreement, the Counterparty shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, before the Shortfall Date, to make additional 
payments to the Issuer so that the Issuer would not be in any worse position as a 
result of the occurrence of such event. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is unable to arrange such substitution and the Counterparty does not 
exercise such rights as are referred to in paragraph (ii) above, any such Charged 
Agreement will be terminated and the Notes redeemed as follows. The Selling Agent 
shall arrange for, and administer the sale of, the Charged Assets in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement. Upon the sale of the Charged Assets and receipt of the 
Realisation Amount, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the 
Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold or account for any of 
the taxes referred to in this Condition arises: 
(A) 
owing to any connection of any Noteholder with the taxing jurisdiction to 
which the Issuer is subject to otherwise than by reason only of the holding 
of any Note or receiving principal, premium or interest in respect thereof; 
or 
(B) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder to comply with any 
applicable procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption from such tax; or 
(C) 
(if applicable) which could have been avoided if the relevant Noteholder 
presented the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a Member State of 
the European Union,

--- Page 64 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
64 
 
 
then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the 
amounts payable to such Noteholder and the provisions of the preceding paragraphs 
shall not apply. Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(v) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA 
withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify a holder for any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other than an 
agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. 
(c) 
Mandatory Redemption 
(i) 
Following Payment Default under the Charged Assets, termination of a Charged 
Agreement, a Charged Assets Event of Default 
Subject to Condition 4(b)(iii) (Charged Assets – Substitution with Cash Collateral), 
if: 
(A) 
there has been a payment default in respect of the Charged Assets, or any 
one or more of the securities or other assets comprising the Charged Assets 
in respect of the Notes, as the case may be (having taken into account any 
applicable grace period); 
(B) 
the Charged Agreements are terminated (in whole but not in part) for any 
reason other than as a consequence of the operation of any specific 
Conditions relating to redemption of the Notes;  
(C) 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that one or 
more Charged Assets Events of Default are applicable and the Calculation 
Agent determines that one or more of such Charged Assets Events of 
Default (as defined in Condition 8(c)(iv) below) has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Counterparty, the Noteholders and the Selling Agent. 
Thereupon, the Selling Agent shall arrange for, and administer the sale of, all of the 
Charged Assets in accordance with the Agency Agreement. Upon the sale of all of 
the Charged Assets and receipt of the Realisation Amount, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Counterparty and the Trustee (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the 
Realisation Amount and of the date on which the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date 
fixed for redemption. In the event of a payment default in respect of the Initial 
Charged Assets prior to the delivery by the Vendor of all or any part of the Initial 
Charged Assets, any undelivered Initial Charged Assets shall be deemed to have 
been delivered by the Vendor to the Issuer and sold by the Selling Agent in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. In the event that the deemed proceeds of 
the sale of such undelivered Initial Charged Assets are less than the amount of cash

--- Page 65 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
65 
 
 
held in the Cash Deposit Account at such time, any such difference shall be paid to 
the Vendor as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
(ii) 
Following Early Redemption of the Charged Assets 
(A) 
In the event of an early unscheduled redemption of the Initial Charged 
Assets prior to their stated date of maturity (other than by reason of a 
payment default) prior to the delivery by the Vendor of all or any part of 
the Initial Charged Assets, any undelivered Initial Charged Assets shall be 
deemed to have been delivered by the Vendor to the Issuer and sold by the 
Selling Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement. In the event that 
the deemed proceeds of the sale of such undelivered Initial Charged Assets 
are less than the amount of cash held in the Cash Deposit Account at such 
time, the Selling Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, shall pay any such 
difference to the Vendor as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. Each 
Note will thereafter be redeemed on a pro rata basis of the aggregate 
amount allocated to the Noteholders. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4(b)(iii) (Charged Assets – Substitution with Cash 
Collateral), where any one or more of the Charged Assets in relation to a 
Series of Notes are redeemed pursuant to an early unscheduled redemption 
of such Charged Assets prior to their stated date of maturity (other than by 
reason of a payment default), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Trustee, the Noteholders, Principal Paying 
Agent and Counterparty and the Selling Agent (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) of the date on which the net redemption proceeds of such 
Charged Assets shall be applied as specified in Condition 5 (Application 
of proceeds). In such circumstances, in relation to any Charged Assets not 
so redeemed, the Selling Agent shall arrange for, and administer the sale 
of, such Charged Assets (and the Issuer shall give notice of the Realisation 
Amount relating thereto in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Condition 8(c)(i) above, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be applied 
on the same date as, and together with, the net redemption proceeds 
received in relation to the redeemed Charged Assets as specified in 
Condition 5 (Application of Proceeds)). 
(iii) 
General 
Once the net proceeds of sale or redemption of the Charged Assets have been applied 
in accordance with this Condition and the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, failure to make any further 
payment due in respect of a redemption of the principal amount of the Notes or 
interest thereon or any termination payment under any Charged Agreement shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. To the extent that the net proceeds of sale or 
redemption of the Charged Assets, together with any other sums recovered by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Secured Property, are less than 
the amount which the Noteholders and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected 
to receive, such shortfall will be borne by such Noteholders and the Counterparty (if 
any) in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the Noteholders and the Counterparty shall 
have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Charged 
Agreement(s) (if any).

--- Page 66 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
66 
 
 
(iv) 
Charged Assets Event of Default 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Charged Assets Event of Default has 
occurred, it shall give notice thereof in writing to the Issuer as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
"Charged Assets Acceleration" means any event or circumstance which may with 
the giving of notice by the noteholders of the Charged Assets (or the relevant quorum 
of noteholders of the Charged Assets) or the lapse of time or both, result in the 
Charged Assets becoming due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event 
of default or other similar condition or event (howsoever described) according to the 
terms and conditions of the Charged Assets. 
"Charged Assets Event of Default" means any of (i) a Charged Assets 
Repudiation/Moratorium, (ii) a Charged Assets Restructuring, or (iii) a Charged 
Assets Acceleration, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Charged Assets Issuer" means the issuer of the Charged Assets. 
"Charged Assets Repudiation/Moratorium" means, if the issuer of the Charged 
Assets is a sovereign, the occurrence of the following event: an authorised officer of 
the Charged Assets Issuer or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, the Charged 
Assets or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll over or deferral, 
whether de facto or de jure, with respect to the Charged Assets. 
"Charged Assets Restructuring" means that any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of the Charged Assets, is agreed 
between the Charged Assets Issuer or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of the Charged Assets to bind all holders of the Charged Assets 
or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Charged Assets Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of the Charged Assets 
(including pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation)), irrespective of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Charged Assets in effect as of 
the date as of which the Charged Assets are issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or 
at scheduled redemption dates (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the 
payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of the Charged Asset, 
causing the Subordination of the Charged Assets to any other obligation of 
the Charged Assets Issuer; or 
(v) 
either (A) any change in the currency or composition of any payment of 
interest or principal to any currency or (B) if Permitted Currency is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, any change in the currency or composition of any payment of 
interest or principal to any currency which is not a Permitted Currency;

--- Page 67 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
67 
 
 
(vi) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the 
beneficial holder of the Charged Assets; 
(vii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange of the Charged Assets; 
or 
(viii) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
(i) to (vii). 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, 
administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of 
a Charged Assets Issuer or of the jurisdiction of organisation of a Charged Assets 
Issuer. 
"Permitted Currency" means (a) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any 
country that becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its 
membership); or (b) the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such 
change, is a member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development and has a local currency long-term debt rating of either AAA or higher 
assigned to it by S&P, Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody's or AAA or higher 
assigned to it by Fitch. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Subordinated 
Obligation") and another obligation of the Charged Assets Issuer to which such 
obligation is being compared (the "Senior Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Charged Assets Issuer, claims of the holders of 
the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the 
Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not 
be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
Charged Assets Issuer at any time that the Charged Assets Issuer is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. "Subordinated" will 
be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists 
or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which 
it is being compared, the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law 
or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall not be taken into account where the Charged Assets Issuer is 
a Sovereign. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(i) 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may specify that the Issuer 
has the option to redeem all or some of the Notes on the Optional Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Optional Call Redemption Amount together with interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(ii) 
The Issuer may only exercise such option by giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 Business Days' irrevocable notice (or such other period as may be specified in the

--- Page 68 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
68 
 
 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to the Noteholders, the 
Trustee, the Counterparty and the Principal Paying Agent. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be 
selected individually by lot (where the Notes are in definitive form) or by selection 
of whole Notes in the relevant Issuance Document in accordance with the rules of 
the Clearing Systems (where the Notes are in global form), in such place as the 
Trustee shall approve and in such manner as the Trustee shall deem to be appropriate 
and fair, not more than 30 Business Days prior to the date fixed for redemption and 
the Issuer shall give a notice of the Notes called for redemption and the date fixed 
for redemption and the redemption price in respect of such Notes not less than 15 
Business Days prior to such redemption date in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(i) 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may specify that the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the Noteholders (either individually or acting together, subject 
to a minimum percentage of all the Noteholders, as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable), redeem all or some of the Notes on the Optional 
Put Redemption Date at the Optional Put Redemption Amount, together with interest 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(ii) 
A Noteholder may only exercise such option by giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 calendar days' notice (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to the Issuer before the relevant 
Optional Put Redemption Date (as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable). If the Notes are in definitive form, the Noteholder must 
deposit the relevant Note together with unmatured related Coupons (if any) and 
unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining thereto at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent together with a duly completed and signed notice of exercise (the "Put 
Notice"). If the Notes are represented by a Global Note, to exercise the right to 
require redemption of the Note the Noteholder must, within the notice period, give 
notice of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the Clearing 
Systems (which may include notice being given on his instruction by the Clearing 
Systems or any common depositary for them to the Issuer with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to the Clearing Systems 
from time to time and, at the same time, present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Issuer, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
(iii) 
Any Put Notice shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the 
Trustee shall have declared the Notes due and repayable. In such event, a Noteholder 
may, at its option, elect to withdraw the Put Notice. 
(f) 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8 (Redemption) and Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Amortised 
Face Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Amortised Face Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:

--- Page 69 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
69 
 
 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(ii) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to this Condition 8 (Redemption) or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in sub-paragraph (i) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed early or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, (together with the relative Coupons and Talons) shall be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Redemption in excess of Outstanding Principal Amount 
In the case only of an Issuer incorporated in the Republic of Ireland, in relation to any early 
redemption of the Notes, the amounts to be delivered and/or paid in redemption of such Notes 
which are in excess of the Outstanding Principal Amount shall be paid net of any relevant 
taxes. 
(i) 
Redemption following Valuation Event 
(i) 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that Valuation Event 
applies: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following a 
request from the Counterparty, determine whether a Valuation Event 
exists; 
(B) 
upon occurrence of a Valuation Event, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer, the Counterparty, and the Trustee thereof;

--- Page 70 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
70 
 
 
(C) 
the Charged Agreement will provide that upon occurrence of a Valuation 
Event (regardless of whether such Valuation Event is continuing) the 
Counterparty may, by notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and 
the Principal Paying Agent within 20 Business Days of being notified by 
the Calculation Agent of the Valuation Event, designate an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the Charged Agreement) in respect of the 
Charged Agreement. 
(ii) 
Following delivery of the notice by the Counterparty pursuant to paragraph 
8(b)(i)(C) above: 
(A) 
the relevant Charged Agreement shall be terminated and payments made 
thereunder in accordance with its terms; and 
(B) 
the Selling Agent shall as soon as practicable arrange for, and administer 
the sale of, the Charged Assets in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
Upon the sale of the Charged Assets and receipt of the Realisation Amount, 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) of the date on which the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(iii) 
In this condition 8(i): 
(A) 
"Market Value" means, in respect of any day and in respect of the Charged 
Assets, the firm bid price in respect of the Charged Assets as of such day 
obtained by the Calculation Agent from three dealers (one of whom may 
be the Counterparty) as it may in its discretion select (or, if more than one 
firm bid is obtained, the arithmetical average of such prices, disregarding, 
if more than three bids are obtained, the highest and lowest quotes) or, if 
less no such bid prices are obtained by the Calculation Agent, the market 
value of the Charged Assets calculated by the Calculation Agent as of such 
day in such other manner as it shall determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
(B) 
"Swap Mark-to-Market" means, in respect of any day, the amount (if 
any), in the Currency of Issue (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) that would be payable by the 
Issuer to the Counterparty in respect of the early termination of all the 
transactions under the Charged Agreement if an Early Termination Date 
under that Charged Agreement had occurred on that day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of a hypothetical hedge agreement, 
without taking into account the consequences of the occurrence of the 
relevant Valuation Event; and 
(C) 
"Valuation Event" means, in respect of any day, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that the Market Value of the Charged Assets as of such 
day does not exceed the Swap Mark-to-Market as of such day by at least 
an amount or percentage equal to the Valuation Buffer indicated in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 71 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
71 
 
 
(j) 
Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Event, (if 'Benchmark Event' is stated 
to be applicable in the applicable Issuance Document), has occurred, it shall give notice of 
such determination to the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the Noteholders (which 
notice the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on without further enquiry or investigation), and:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable efforts to identify and propose to the 
Issuer amendments and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and any provisions 
of the Transaction Documents that would result in such Benchmark Event ceasing 
to apply or otherwise account for its impact on the Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer shall hold a board meeting to consider any such proposal and determine, 
in the Issuer's absolute discretion, whether to adopt such proposal. In the event that 
the Issuer's board so determines to adopt such proposal, then the Issuer shall make 
such amendments and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and any provisions 
of the Transaction Documents referred to in sub-paragraph (1) without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Trustee as it may determine appropriate to account for the 
relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may:  
(A) 
consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates;  
(B) 
be calculated by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant 
event or circumstance made in relation to any Transaction Document in 
respect of the Notes; and  
(C) 
include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related 
adjustments to the Notes or the Transaction Documents,  
(iii) 
including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such 
exposure to the successor benchmark(s), and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks;   
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent either:  
(A) 
after using reasonable efforts to do so, is unable to propose amendments 
and/or adjustments in accordance with paragraph (2) above, or  
(B) 
proposes to the Issuer that no amendments and/or adjustments can be made 
to the terms of the Notes and any provisions of the Transaction Documents 
that would appropriately account for the occurrence of relevant Benchmark 
Event; or  
(C) 
makes a proposal pursuant to paragraph (2) above but such proposal is not 
adopted by the Issuer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such circumstances and a 
"Benchmark Redemption Event " shall occur. 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be bound to concur (without requiring consent of the 
Noteholders) with any amendments referred to in this Condition 8(j) at the expense of the 
Issuer, provided that, (i) they have received a certificate, on which they can rely without 
enquiry or liability, signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that such amendments 
comply with the requirements of sub-paragraph (2) above, (ii) the Trustee and the Agents are

--- Page 72 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
72 
 
 
satisfied (as applicable) that such amendments do not impose unduly onerous additional 
obligations on the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable) than existed prior to the making of 
such amendments or reduce or amend their rights and/or the protective provision afforded to 
them in the Transaction Documents, and (iii) provided that the Trustee and the Agents have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to their satisfaction.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Agents shall not be liable to the 
Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
person.  
No liability shall attach to the Trustee or the Agents for any determination or non-
determination of the Issuer or modification to the Transaction Documents in respect of such 
Series or any proposal or non-proposal of the Calculation Agent so made in accordance with 
this Condition 8(j).  
In determining whether a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will act in a 
commercially reasonable manner and it may, but is not obliged to, refer to any publicly 
available information and pronouncements from regulators or industry bodies.  
Any modifications made in accordance with this Condition will be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as is practicable.  
If any changes are required to a Swap Agreement corresponding to any modifications made 
in accordance with this Condition 8(j), they shall be implemented in accordance with the terms 
of such Swap Agreement and, accordingly, they shall be subject to the relevant Counterparty's 
consent.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Notes, including without limitation, Condition 7(b)(ii)(C) (Reference Rate Event) and 
7(b)(ii)(D) (Reference Rate fallbacks).   
9. 
PURCHASES 
(a) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, provided 
that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to receipt by the Issuer of 
an amount (whether by sale of the Charged Assets (or, in the case of a purchase of some only 
of the Notes, by sale of a proportion of the Charged Assets whose par value corresponds to the 
par value of the Notes to be purchased) or otherwise) which, plus or minus any termination 
payment payable to or by the Issuer from or to the Counterparty on the termination (or, as the 
case may be, partial termination) of the Charged Agreement(s) (if any), is sufficient to fund 
the purchase price of the Notes payable by the Issuer, the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided 
that all unmatured Coupons (if any) and unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining thereto are 
attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. The Issuer 
shall not purchase any definitive Bearer Note unless it purchases all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) in respect of such Bearer Note. 
(b) 
On any such purchase the Charged Agreement(s) (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the Notes to be purchased) will be terminated. The Trust Instrument provides 
that the Security Interests over the Secured Property (or a proportionate part thereof) will be 
released against receipt by the Trustee of the net proceeds of the realisation of such Secured 
Property.

--- Page 73 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
73 
 
 
(c) 
No interest will be payable with respect to a Note purchased under this Condition in respect 
of the period from the Issue Date or the previous Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
to the date of such purchase. 
(d) 
On a purchase under this Condition of a proportion of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall, 
without the consent of any other person but, if the Notes are rated by a Rating Agency, with 
prior written notice to the Rating Agency, make such amendments as are necessary to preserve 
the economic equivalence of the remaining Notes, including, without limitation, any 
consequential amendments to the Notional Amount. 
(e) 
If, pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, the Counterparty directs the issuer to purchase an amount 
of Notes, the Issuer will, on the Redemption Purchase Date (as such term is defined in the 
Hedge Agreement) or such other date determined pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, redeem 
such Notes and in exchange deliver to the Counterparty a principal amount of the Charged 
Assets that corresponds to the principal amount of Notes being redeemed, in accordance with 
the Hedge Agreement, and Conditions 9(b), (c) and (d) above shall apply. If there is any 
discrepancy between this Condition 9 and the Hedge Agreement, the provisions of the Hedge 
Agreement shall prevail. 
10. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Payments of principal and premium (if any) and interest due otherwise than on an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of Bearer Notes or a Bearer Global Note will be made at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents against surrender (or, in the case of partial payment, 
endorsement) of the Bearer Notes or the Bearer Global Note, as the case may be. Payments of 
interest, if applicable, in respect of Bearer Notes or a Bearer Global Note due on an Interest 
Payment Date will be made at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof, the District of Columbia and the territories, possessions and other 
areas subject to the jurisdiction of the United States of America)), subject as provided in sub-
paragraph (c) below, against surrender (or, in the case of partial payment, endorsement) of the 
relevant Coupons or, as applicable, against endorsement of the Bearer Global Note. 
Such payments shall be made by a cheque payable in the Currency of Issue drawn on, or, at 
the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in the Currency of Issue with, 
a bank in the city, as agreed, as the place of payment, or, in the case of the euro, a city in which 
banks have access to the Target System, subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable in the place of payment. 
The Paying Agent to which a Bearer Global Note shall have been presented for payment shall 
endorse on such Bearer Global Note a record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal, any payment of premium and any payment of interest. Such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
As long as Bearer Notes are represented by one or more Bearer Global Note(s), each of the 
persons shown in the records of the Clearing Systems as the holder of a Bearer Note must look 
solely to the Clearing Systems for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to the 
bearer of the Bearer Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due on the Bearer Notes for so long as the Bearer Global Note 
is outstanding. The Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Bearer Global 
Note in respect of each amount so paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments on a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note due prior to the Exchange Date will only be made upon 
certification as to non -U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. No 
payments due after the Exchange Date will be made on the Temporary Bearer Global Note

--- Page 74 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
74 
 
 
unless exchange is improperly withheld following certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
(b) 
Each Bearer Note should be presented for payment together with, if applicable, all related 
unmatured Coupons. If any Bearer Note in respect of a Fixed Rate Note is presented for 
payment without, if applicable, all unmatured related Coupons (not being a Talon), the full 
amount of any such missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the full amount in the Currency of Issue of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total amount of principal due) will be 
deducted from the principal amount due for payment. Any amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time thereafter but before the expiry of a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 13 (Prescription)) for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)) or, if 
later, 5 years from the date for payment stated on such Coupon, but not thereafter. Upon any 
Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Indexed Interest 
Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable prior to its stated Maturity Date, unmatured 
Coupons (if any) and Talons (if any) appertaining thereto (whether or not attached to the 
relative Bearer Note) shall become void upon the date on which such Bearer Note becomes 
due and repayable and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
(c) 
No payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such payments of principal and/or interest will be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on such Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer (after any consultation with any legal or tax advisers which it 
considers necessary), adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
If no appointment of a Paying Agent with a specified office in the United States is then in 
effect, the Issuer shall appoint a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City at 
which such payments will be made. Notice of any termination or appointment of a Paying 
Agent and of any changes in the specified offices of the Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(d) 
Subject to (b) above, after all the Coupons attached to or issued in respect of a definitive Bearer 
Note have matured, further Coupons and, where applicable, one further Talon will (subject to 
Condition 13 (Prescription)) be issued against surrender of the relevant Talon at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 75 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
75 
 
 
(e) 
If the due date for payment of any amount of principal, premium (if any) or, if applicable, 
interest in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder of such Note shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. If a Note is presented for 
payment at a time when, as a result of differences in time zones, it is not practicable to transfer 
the relevant amount to an account for value on the date of presentation, the Issuer shall not be 
obliged so to do but shall be obliged to transfer the relevant amount to such account for value 
on the first practicable date after the date of presentation. 
(f) 
Subject as provided in this Condition 10 (Payments): 
(i) 
payments in a Currency of Issue other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Currency of Issue (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Currency of 
Issue drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Currency of Issue (which, if the Currency of Issue is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at 
the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable to 
such payments in the place of payment. 
(g) 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, any 
reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which the Counterparty may elect to pay to the Issuer with 
respect to principal under Condition 8(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Call Redemption Amount(s) (if any) or Optional Put Redemption 
Amount(s) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which the Counterparty may elect to pay with respect to interest 
under Condition 8(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee at its discretion may, and, if requested 
in writing by the Instructing Creditor, shall (subject to being indemnified and/or prefunded 
and/or secured to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly immediately become, due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 76 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
76 
 
 
together with interest accrued in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the security shall 
become enforceable (as provided in the Trust Instrument) and the proceeds of realisation of 
such security shall be applied as specified in Condition 5 (Application of Proceeds). 
"Event of Default" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
if, subject to Condition 6, default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the 
payment of any sum due in respect of the Notes or any of them; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes 
or the Trust Instrument, the breach of which obligation the Trustee shall have 
certified to be in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and except where, in the opinion of the Trustee, such failure is incapable of remedy, 
such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee 
may permit) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer other than for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangements on terms 
approved by the Instructing Creditor; or 
(d) 
if an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer. 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT 
At any time after all or part of the Notes shall have become immediately due and repayable 
and have not been repaid, the Trustee may, at its discretion at any time and without further 
notice, and if requested in writing by the Instructing Creditor shall (subject to being 
indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction), institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce repayment thereof and to enforce the provisions 
of the Trust Instrument. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become 
bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
After realising the security which has become enforceable and distributing the Realisation 
Amount in accordance with Condition 5 (Application of Proceeds), the obligations of the 
Issuer with respect to the Trustee, the Counterparty and the Noteholders shall be satisfied. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Counterparty nor any Noteholder may take any further steps against 
the Issuer to recover any further sums in respect thereof, and the right to receive any such sums 
shall be extinguished. In particular, neither the Trustee nor the Counterparty nor any 
Noteholder shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the 
winding-up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer nor shall any of them have 
any claim in respect of the Secured Property for any other Series. 
The Relevant Sums (as defined in Condition 6(c)(i)) may be insufficient to pay all amounts 
due to, among others, the Trustee, the Counterparty and the Noteholders. The other assets (if 
any) of the Issuer including, in particular, assets securing other Series of Notes will not be 
available to make up any shortfall. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Subject to Condition 10(b), claims under the Bearer Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) will be prescribed and become void unless

--- Page 77 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
77 
 
 
the same are presented for payment within a period of 10 years in the case of principal or 
premium (if any) and 5 years in the case of interest from the Relevant Date relating thereto. 
Talons may not be exchanged for Coupons which would be void on issue. 
For this purpose, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment in respect of the 
Note or the Coupon first becomes due and payable. However, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable on such date has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or 
prior to such date, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such moneys shall have been 
so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and Stock Exchange or other relevant authority rules or 
regulations, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (or such other place of which 
notice shall have been given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)). Such replacement is 
subject to payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding Bearer Notes will be valid if published (i) in one leading London daily 
newspaper or, if this is not possible, in one other English language daily newspaper approved 
by the Trustee with general circulation in Europe and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require, in 
one daily newspaper published in Luxembourg approved by the Trustee. 
All notices regarding Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note will be valid if published as 
described above or if delivered to the Clearing Systems for communication by them to the 
Noteholders. Any notice delivered to a Clearing System as aforesaid shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day of such delivery. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed. 
Any notice published in a newspaper as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication in all required newspapers. If publication is not practicable in any such newspaper 
as is mentioned above, notice will be valid if given in such other manner, and shall be deemed 
to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall determine. 
Any of the aforementioned notices shall be in each instance, prepared by the Issuer and 
provided to the Principal Payment Agent for publication in the relevant manner.  
16. 
AGENTS 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify the relevant Agents for an 
issue of a Series of Notes. The duties and termination provisions of each of the Agents shall 
be as specified in the Trust Instrument, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
78 
 
 
The Issuer reserves the right, subject to the prior written approval of the Trustee and the 
Counterparty, at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Agents provided that it will at all times maintain relevant Agents where 
the Conditions so require one and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
17. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Prescription). 
18. 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the written 
consent of the Trustee (which may only be given if the Trustee is so directed by the Instructing 
Creditor (if the Instructing Creditor is the Noteholders, by the holders of more than 20 per 
cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes then outstanding or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders)) and the Trustee shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction) and the Counterparty (if any): 
(a) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever, except: 
(i) 
issue or enter into Notes and/or, as the case may be, Alternative Investments (the 
terms of which may be governed by a law or laws other than English law) subject to 
a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of EUR 
10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); 
(ii) 
acquire and own Charged Assets or any assets used to secure any Debt Investments 
and exercise its rights and perform its obligations in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
enforce any of its rights under the Transaction Documents, any Notes or the Charged 
Assets relating to any Series; 
(v) 
as permitted by sub-paragraph (b) below; and 
(vi) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above, 
including without limitation, entering into any swap, option or forward foreign 
exchange agreement in connection with the issue of Notes; 
(b) 
have any Subsidiaries except, if the Issuer has issued rated Notes, after having given prior 
written notice to the relevant Rating Agency and, in any event, only Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
which are wholly owned by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
whose share capital is fully paid up by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
whose activities are limited to the same extent as those of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument (including, without limitation, the terms of any Notes or other debt 
instruments issued or loans entered into, by such Subsidiary being required to be on 
substantially the same terms as those of the Notes); and

--- Page 79 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
79 
 
 
(iv) 
in respect of whose activities the Issuer will have no liability; 
(c) 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above, dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part 
thereof or interest therein (otherwise than in accordance with Condition 9 (Purchases)); 
(d) 
create or permit within its control to subsist any charge, mortgage, lien or other encumbrance 
over the Secured Property other than the security interests created by the relevant Security 
Document; 
(e) 
have any employees; 
(f) 
declare any dividends or make any distributions of any other kind; 
(g) 
issue any further shares; 
(h) 
commingle its assets with the assets of any other person or entity; 
(i) 
in respect of any Series of Notes, enter into any cross default or cross collateralisation 
arrangements referencing any other Series of Notes; 
(j) 
take any action which would lead to the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of, or the 
appointment of an examiner to, itself or to the amendment of its constitutional documents; 
(k) 
acquire, directly or indirectly, the obligations of any of its shareholders; 
(l) 
in the case of Notes that are rated, subject to such requirements (if any) as are specified in the 
Trust Instrument of notification to and confirmation from the Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies (if any) specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
consolidate or merge with any other person, or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
(m) 
acquire any assets other than "financial assets" within the meaning of section 110 of the Irish 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997; or 
(n) 
perform such other activities as are expressly restricted in the Trust Instrument. 
19. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of 
a modification of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not 
less than one-tenth in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Meetings of the Noteholders (and any adjourned meeting) can be held in person 
as specified, in respect of such meeting, by the Issuer or the Trustee. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or in relation to a special quorum resolution shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. At any adjourned such meeting the quorum shall 
be one or more persons being or representing Noteholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Notes so held or represented, except in the case of special quorum resolutions

--- Page 80 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
80 
 
 
whereby the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
third in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution may be passed (A) in the form of a written resolution (as 
described in the Trust Instrument) or (B) where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing 
system or clearing systems, by approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or Trustee (as 
the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating 
rules and procedures. A written resolution referred to in (A) above may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. A written resolution and/or electronic consent referred to in (A) and (B) will be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they participated in such written resolution or 
electronic consent.  
Where electronic consents are not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
written resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely 
on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case 
may be, (I) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements relating to the 
relevant Note and/or (II) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing 
the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (I) above, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in the case of (II) above the relevant clearing 
system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system. Any resolution passed 
in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders even if the relevant 
consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise 
any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline 
system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular 
principal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted 
as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to 
be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.  
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders (but, in the case of Notes which are 
rated, with prior notification to the relevant Rating Agency) agree, to any modification of, or 
to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or any other Transaction Document, or determine, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall 
not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent 
as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct 
a manifest or proven error. No such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be effective 
without the consent of the Counterparty (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall, without any such consent from the 
Noteholders as aforesaid, agree to make any modification (whether or not it may be materially 
prejudicial to the Noteholders) requested by the Dealer(s) in respect of the Notes if, and to the 
extent that, such modification is to correct an error in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, arising from a discrepancy between the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, and the final termsheet, as certified by the relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer and the 
Counterparty, in form and content satisfactory to the Trustee.

--- Page 81 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
81 
 
 
Subject as provided in the Trust Instrument, the Trustee, if it is satisfied that it would not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders (but, in the case of Notes which are rated, subject to Rating Agency 
Confirmation), to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under 
this Condition) as principal debtor under the Notes, the Trust Instrument and the Transaction 
Documents of another company. No such substitution shall be effective without the consent 
of the Counterparty (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Pursuant to 
Condition 8(b)(i), the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution as 
principal debtor of another company incorporated in another jurisdiction upon the occurrence 
of one of the events referred to in Condition 8(b)(i) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
The Trustee may, but shall not be obliged to, execute any such modification, waiver, 
authorisation, determination and/or substitution which affects the Trustee's own rights, duties, 
discretions, authorities, powers, immunities or protections and under each Trust Instrument or 
otherwise. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions, 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, 
whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division 
thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer, any substitute Issuer, the Counterparty, the Trustee or any other person 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
any individual Noteholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8(b) and/or 
any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8(b) pursuant to the 
Trust Instrument. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) and Condition 8(j) amend the 
Transaction Documents to give effect to certain amendments without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, as described in Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) and Condition 8(j) 
and the Trustee and the Agents shall concur to such variations or amendments on the basis set 
out in Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) and Condition 8(j). For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents and 
the Custodian shall not be required to consent to any such variation or amendment if it would 
result in more onerous obligations, duties or liabilities being imposed on the Agents and the 
Custodian, or if such variation or amendment would reduce the Agents’ and the Custodian’s 
rights or protections.  
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution shall be binding on the 
Counterparty and all Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) by the Issuer as soon as practicable thereafter. 
20. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders (but 
subject to the consent of the Counterparty (if any) and subject to Rating Agency Confirmation 
in the case of (a) below), to create and issue further notes either: 
(a) 
so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes (such further Notes, the 
"Further Fungible Notes"), provided that the Issuer provides additional Charged Assets as 
security for the original issue of Notes and any Further Fungible Notes either on a Nominal 
Basis or a Market Value Basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as

--- Page 82 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
82 
 
 
applicable, and enters into an additional or supplemental Charged Agreement(s) (if applicable) 
(and references to "Notes", "Charged Assets", "Charged Agreements" and "Transaction 
Documents" shall thereafter be deemed to be references to the terms of the original Notes and 
Transaction Documents as amended to take into account the further issue); or 
(b) 
to form a separate Series from the Notes upon such terms as to security (if any), interest, 
premium, redemption and otherwise as the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at the time of 
the issue thereof determine provided that such further notes are supported by and/or secured 
on assets other than the Charged Assets relating to the existing Notes and on terms in 
substantially the form of these Conditions which provide for the extinguishment of all claims 
in respect of such further Notes after application of the sums received or recovered from time 
to time from the relevant Charged Assets. 
In respect of (a) above, any such notes shall be constituted in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument. The Trust Instrument contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the 
Noteholders and the holders of securities of other Series in certain circumstances where the 
Trustee so decides. 
21. 
LIABILITIES AND INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Instrument contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings or any 
other action under the Transaction Documents unless indemnified and/or prefunded and/or 
secured to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer, the Counterparty, any obligor in respect of the Charged Assets or any of their subsidiary 
or associated companies without accounting for any profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from any liability in respect of any loss or theft of the Secured 
Property, from any obligation to insure the Secured Property and from any claim arising from 
the fact that the Secured Property is held in a clearing system or in safe custody by a bank or 
other custodian. The Trust Instrument also provides that the Trustee shall accept without 
investigation, requisition or objection such right, benefit, title and interest, if any, as the Issuer 
may have in and to any of the Secured Property and is not bound to make any investigation 
into the same or into the Secured Property in any respect. 
The Trustee shall not be bound or concerned to make any investigation into the 
creditworthiness of any obligor in respect of the Secured Property, the validity of any such 
obligor's obligations under or in respect of the Secured Property or any of the terms of the 
Charged Assets (including, without limitation, whether the cashflows from the Charged Assets 
and the Notes are matched) or to monitor the value of any Charged Assets. 
22. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of 
any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
23. 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Trust Instrument and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by English law.

--- Page 83 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – TRUSTEE SERIES 
 
 
83 
 
 
24. 
JURISDICTION 
The Issuer has, in the Trust Instrument, irrevocably agreed for the exclusive benefit of the 
Trustee, the Counterparty and the Noteholders that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust 
Instrument, the Notes and the Charged Agreement(s) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection therewith (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Trust Instrument, the Notes or the Charged 
Agreement(s) or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with them) or 
the consequences of their nullity (together referred to as "Proceedings") may be brought in 
such courts. 
The Issuer has, in the Trust Instrument, irrevocably waived any objection which it may have 
now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings in any such court and any claim 
that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum or that any other courts 
are more appropriate or convenient. The Issuer has further irrevocably agreed that a judgment 
in any Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon the 
Issuer and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has in the Trust Instrument appointed an agent in London for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings and has undertaken that in the event of such person 
ceasing so to act it will appoint such other person as the Trustee may approve. 
25. 
DEFINITIONS 
Capitalised terms used in these Conditions have the meanings given to them in the Definitions 
Module as modified and supplemented by the relevant Trust Instrument and/or Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
26. 
ADJUSTMENTS BY THE CALCULATION AGENT 
If the Issuer adheres to any protocol published by ISDA after the Issue Date (the "Protocol"), 
or any other event occurs which affects the terms of the Hedge Agreement, then the 
Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer may adjust such terms of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes as it deems appropriate to reflect some or all of the provisions of such Protocol 
taking into account the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes. Nothing in this 
Condition 26 should be taken as requiring the Issuer to follow the terms of any Protocol.

--- Page 84 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
84 
 
 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
PART B 
 
FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
This Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module sets out the basic terms and conditions for Notes 
governed by English law and will apply separately and independently in respect of all Fiscal 
Agency Series issued in bearer form. Other Conditions Modules will apply in addition, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The terms and conditions 
contained in this Bearer Notes Conditions Module may be modified by the terms and conditions 
set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of a Series of 
Notes.  
Fiscal Agency Series and Notes issued incorporating the Fiscal Agency Terms Module are not to 
be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market or GEM. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Title to Bearer Notes and (if applicable) the 
related Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes will either: 
(i) 
initially be represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note; or 
(ii) 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Note, 
as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The Temporary Bearer Global Note or Permanent Bearer Global Note, as the case may be, 
will be deposited on or before the Issue Date with the Common Depositary. 
Beneficial interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in 
part for either beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or definitive Bearer 
Notes, as provided in the Temporary Bearer Global Note. A Temporary Bearer Global Note 
may be exchanged on or after the Exchange Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
A Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Bearer Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, as provided in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note. 
(c) 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer that 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Clearing Systems and in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note. 
(d) 
With respect to definitive Bearer Notes, the holder thereof means the bearer of such definitive 
Bearer Notes. For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note held by 
a Common Depositary, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the 
Clearing Systems as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be 
the holder of such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal, premium (if any), or interest or other amount on such Notes. With 
respect to such payment, such Common Depositary shall be deemed to be the holder of such

--- Page 85 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
85 
 
 
nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note. Any certificate or other document issued by the Clearing Systems as to the nominal 
amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error. In determining whether a particular person is 
entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Fiscal Agent may rely, 
without liability, on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall think fit 
and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
(e) 
Subject to paragraph (d) above, the Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) and the Agents may deem 
and treat the holder of any Bearer Note as the owner thereof for all purposes. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by applicable law, the Issuer, each 
Counterparty and the Agents shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary, whether or 
not the Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing 
thereon. All payments made to any such holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so 
paid, effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for the moneys payable upon such Notes. 
2. 
STATUS  
The Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, recourse in respect of which is limited 
in the manner described in Condition 12 (Enforcement). The Notes rank and will rank, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. 
3. 
SECURITY 
(a) 
In respect of each Series, the Issuer will hold (either directly or through the Custodian) such 
Underlying Assets as are specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
for such Series. 
(b) 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which Security is granted over the Underlying Assets 
(in which case such Underlying Assets shall also be referred to as the Charged Assets) and the 
other rights and assets of the Issuer in respect of such Series 
(c) 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which no Security is granted over the Underlying 
Assets (in which case such Underlying Assets shall also be referred to as the Series Assets) 
and the other rights and assets of the Issuer in respect of such Series. 
(d) 
In respect of a Secured Series, the obligations of the Issuer to the persons having the benefit 
of the Security relating to such Series pursuant to the applicable Security Document (the 
"Secured Creditors") are, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, secured pursuant to the applicable Charging Document in respect 
of such Series. 
(e) 
In respect of a Secured Series, the Charging Document shall set out the person(s) to whom the 
relevant security interests are granted and the terms on which the Security shall be created and 
the circumstances in which the Security will be enforceable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Fiscal Agent shall have no responsibility for the enforcement and/or realisation of the Security 
for a Secured Series.

--- Page 86 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
86 
 
 
4. 
UNDERLYING ASSETS 
(a) 
Initial Underlying Assets 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the 
Vendor will procure that the initial Underlying Assets as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (the "Initial Underlying Assets") are delivered to the 
Custodian on the Issue Date, to the extent that such Underlying Assets are capable of being 
delivered. With effect from such delivery, the Underlying Assets will be held by the Custodian 
on behalf of the Issuer and (in respect of a Secured Series) will be subject to the Security 
Interests. 
(b) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets 
(i) 
Substitution at direction of Counterparty 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify whether the 
Underlying Assets may be substituted from time to time for alternative assets and, if 
substitution is applicable, whether such substitution is on the Nominal Basis or the 
Market Value Basis. Where such substitution is applicable, the Counterparty (if any) 
may, from time to time, at its cost and subject to the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, by giving not less than 3 Business Days' (or such other 
period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) notice (a "Substitution Notice") in writing to the Issuer 
require that any securities or other assets for the time being comprising the 
Underlying Assets be replaced by Eligible Investments and (in respect of a Secured 
Series) any such Underlying Assets shall be released from the Security Interests in 
accordance with the applicable Security Document to enable such substitution. 
A substitution may occur provided that: 
(A) 
in respect of a Secured Series, upon any release of the substituted Charged 
Assets from the Security Interests, the replacement Charged Assets are 
secured by the Issuer on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the 
substituted Charged Assets; 
(B) 
all requirements of any relevant Stock Exchange or competent authority 
are complied with; and 
(C) 
any other conditions specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, (including Rating Agency requirements, (if any)) are 
complied with. 
Upon receipt of a Substitution Notice, the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal Agent, the 
Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders and, in the case of Notes that are 
rated, the relevant Rating Agencies. 
The Counterparty shall bear and pay, and shall indemnify the Issuer against, all costs, 
expenses and taxes (including, without limitation, stamp duty) payable in connection 
with a substitution. 
(ii) 
Substitution at the request of Noteholders 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
if no event under Condition 8(b), 8(c) or 11 has occurred, on the first Business Day

--- Page 87 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
87 
 
 
which falls three calendar months after the Issue Date (or if there is no corresponding 
day in such month, the last Business Day in such month) and every first Business 
Day three calendar months thereafter (or as aforesaid), any Noteholder may, by 
delivering a written request (a "Sale Request", any such Noteholder delivering such 
request, a "Requesting Noteholder") to the Issuer, request the Issuer to sell the 
Underlying Assets and reinvest the proceeds thereof in cash or one or more Eligible 
Assets identified by such Noteholder in the Sale Request (the "Replacement 
Assets") in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii). 
If the Issuer receives a Sale Request it shall, within three Business Days of such 
receipt, notify the  Noteholder in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), copied to 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Custodian, the Selling Agent and the Counterparty, 
asking the Noteholders if they consent to such sale and replacement; provided that 
the  Issuer shall not notify the Noteholders if the Issuer determines that Replacement 
Assets have been purchased pursuant to a prior Sale Request within the prior three 
months. 
If within five Business Days' following the Issuer's delivery of a copy of the Sale 
Request to the Noteholders, the Required Minimum Noteholders notify the Issuer in 
writing (copied to the Fiscal Agent, the Selling Agent, the Counterparty and the 
Custodian) that they consent to such sale of the Underlying Assets and reinvestment 
in the Replacement Assets, and that they agree to pay all costs incurred in connection 
with the sale of the then Underlying Assets and the purchase of the Replacement 
Assets (including, without limitation, any Swap Adjustment Costs and Underlying 
Assets Top Up Costs (each as defined below) as well as legal fees in amending any 
of the documents relating to the Notes to accommodate such change and the 
documents in respect of the new issue (together, the "Restructure Documents")), 
the Issuer shall inform the Selling Agent, the Custodian and the Fiscal Agent. The 
Selling Agent will, upon release of any security (in respect of a Secured Series), sell 
such principal amount of the Underlying Assets, rounded down to the nearest 
denomination of such Underlying Assets (the "Liquidation Assets") as bears the 
same proportion to the then total principal amount of the outstanding Underlying 
Assets as the principal amount of the Notes held by the Noteholders which have 
consented to the sale of the Underlying Assets (the "Consenting Holders") bears to 
the then total Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes. 
The Selling Agent shall solicit bids for the purchase of the Underlying Assets from 
at least two bidders (other than UniCredit Bank AG or any of its Affiliates) and shall 
then arrange for the sale of the Underlying Assets to the person which has made the 
higher or highest, as applicable, firm bid for such securities and/or assets; provided 
however, that if two or more bidders have the same highest bid, then the Selling 
Agent may elect to sell such securities and/or assets to any such bidder; provided, 
further, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Selling Agent may 
sell the Underlying Assets to itself or an Affiliate if it or its Affiliates, as applicable, 
elects to match such higher or highest bid, as applicable. The Issuer shall then, 
through the Selling Agent, purchase the Replacement Assets with the proceeds (the 
"Liquidation Proceeds") of the Liquidation Assets or, if such proceeds are not 
sufficient to make such purchase, with such proceeds and the amount, which must 
be contributed by the Consenting Holders, equal to the amount of such deficiency 
(the "Underlying Assets Top Up Costs").

--- Page 88 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
88 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not sell any Underlying Assets in 
connection with its receipt of a Sale Request unless the following conditions have 
been met: 
(A) 
The Replacement Assets must (i) be readily available and eligible for 
purchase by the Issuer, (ii) satisfy the requirements for Eligible Assets, (iii) 
mature on or before the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the Scheduled 
Termination Date and (iv) (if such substitution is on the Nominal Basis) be 
in an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the principal amount of 
the Underlying Assets for which they are Replacement Assets (or its 
equivalent in the currency of the relevant Replacement Assets); 
(B) 
If the cashflows payable on the Replacement Assets are different from the 
cashflows payable on the Liquidation Assets, the Consenting Holders must 
pay to the Cash Deposit Account for distribution to the Counterparty (such 
distribution to be made upon instruction from the Issuer to the Custodian), 
an amount (the "Swap Adjustment Cost"), as notified to the Issuer by the 
Counterparty, sufficient to compensate the Counterparty for amending or 
executing a swap transaction with the Issuer: 
(x) 
(in the case where the relevant Charged Agreement does not 
contain an interest rate and/or cross currency transaction) to 
ensure that the cashflows available to the Issuer to make 
payments of interest on each Interest Payment Date are equal to 
the aggregate interest amounts payable on the Notes, if applicable 
and any additional costs incurred by the Counterparty in 
establishing any swap such that the aggregate Interest Amounts 
remain the same; or 
(y) 
(in the case where the relevant Charged Agreement does contain 
an interest rate and/or cross currency transaction) any loss which 
will be incurred by the Counterparty as a result of the reduction 
in the payments to be made to the Counterparty under such 
interest rate and/or cross-currency swap transaction. 
(C) 
If the purchase price of a principal amount of the Replacement Assets equal 
to the principal amount of the Liquidation Assets is less than the amount 
of the Liquidation Proceeds, the amount of such excess proceeds shall be 
applied to purchase additional Replacement Assets (such amount to be 
converted to the currency of the Replacement Assets, if necessary); 
(D) 
If the Notes are rated, the relevant Rating Agency or Rating Agencies must 
confirm to the Issuer and the Counterparty in writing on or before the date 
of any replacement of the Underlying Assets, that the replacement of the 
Underlying Assets with the Replacement Assets will not cause a 
downgrade in their rating of the Notes and that the New Series of Notes (as 
defined below) shall have the same rating as the Notes; and 
(E) 
All the Restructure Documents have been duly executed by all parties. 
Prior to selling any Underlying Assets in connection with a replacement as described 
herein, the Issuer and the Counterparty may require that the Consenting Holders 
make a cash deposit to the Cash Deposit Account sufficient to cover all costs which 
are to be borne by the Consenting Holders as described herein. The Issuer shall

--- Page 89 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
89 
 
 
provide the Custodian with instruction to make onward payment in relation to such 
cash deposits made to the Cash Deposit Account. 
If the consent of the Required Minimum Noteholders has been obtained but less than 
all of the Noteholders are Consenting Holders, the Issuer and the Counterparty shall 
deem the Consenting Holders as having exchanged their Notes for a new series of 
Notes (the "New Series of Notes") which will be secured on (in respect of a Secured 
Series) or supported by (in respect of an Unsecured Series) the Replacement Assets 
(but not any of the then Underlying Assets which have not been liquidated) and a 
new Charged Agreement (the "Replacement Swap") which the Issuer will enter into 
with the Counterparty on the date of purchase of the Replacement Assets. The 
Replacement Swap will be structured in a manner similar to the existing Charged 
Agreement but will be adjusted to take account of the change in the cash flows for 
the Replaced Assets. 
All parties, at the expense of the Consenting Holders, will enter into any amendments 
to the other transaction documents and any documentation required to amend the 
Notes and to effect the New Series of Notes and will ensure that the Notes as 
amended and the New Series of Notes preserve the economic equivalence of the 
Notes prior to such replacement. Upon the Issuer's purchase of any Replacement 
Assets as described in the preceding paragraphs such Replacement Assets shall 
constitute Underlying Assets for the New Series of Notes. 
All Noteholders are deemed to have accepted Condition 4(b)(ii) and to be bound by 
the terms thereof even if not Consenting Holders. 
(iii) 
Substitution with Cash Collateral 
(A) 
In the event the Vendor does not deliver to the Issuer on the Issue Date all 
or any part of the Initial Underlying Assets pursuant to the Sale Agreement, 
the Issuer shall, on the Issue Date, deposit the Cash Collateral into the Cash 
Deposit Account. The Cash Collateral shall form part of the Underlying 
Assets and shall (in respect of a Secured Series) be subject to the security 
interest created under the applicable Security Document. If the Notes are 
rated by a Rating Agency, the terms of the Cash Deposit Account will, on 
the date on which the Cash Deposit Account is opened, include any rating 
downgrade triggers specified by the relevant Rating Agency at such time. 
(B) 
The Vendor will use reasonable endeavours to pursue delivery of the Initial 
Underlying Assets (whether or not such Underlying Assets are subject to 
default (howsoever described)) to the Issuer in accordance with normal 
market practice pursuant to the Sale Agreement. In the event the Vendor 
delivers the Initial Underlying Assets (or part thereof) to the Issuer after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer shall substitute the Initial Underlying Assets (or 
part thereof) for an amount of cash held in the Cash Deposit Account equal 
to an amount which is the product of (1) the principal amount of such Initial 
Underlying Assets divided by the aggregate principal amount of the Initial 
Underlying Assets multiplied by (2) the Price. Such Initial Underlying 
Assets shall be deposited with the Custodian in the Custodian's account 
pursuant to the Custody Agreement. From the time of such deposit, such 
amounts removed from the Cash Deposit Account will be released (in 
respect of a Secured Series) from the security constituted by the applicable 
Security Document and will not form part of the Underlying Assets.

--- Page 90 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
90 
 
 
(C) 
Any interest earned on the Cash Deposit Account shall be paid by the 
Issuer to the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any substitution pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) 
shall not affect the payments by the Counterparty to the Issuer under the 
Charged Agreement. 
(iv) 
Substitution following maturity of the Underlying Assets 
If any securities or other assets comprising all or part of the Underlying Assets are 
redeemed prior to the Maturity Date or other date for final redemption of the Notes 
("Maturing Underlying Assets") and it is provided in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, that this Condition 4(b)(iv) applies to the Notes, the 
proceeds of redemption received in respect of such Maturing Underlying Assets shall 
be applied by the Issuer: 
(A) 
in the purchase of Eligible Investments; and/or 
(B) 
for the depositing in the Cash Deposit Account. The Custodian shall, if 
directed by the Issuer, from time to time apply such redemption proceeds 
standing to the credit of the Cash Deposit Account in the purchase of 
Eligible Investments. 
Not later than the date of each such substitution pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv), 
the Issuer shall give a notice to the Counterparty, the Fiscal Agent, the Custodian, 
the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) 
and, in the case of Notes that are rated, the relevant Rating Agencies, specifying, 
inter alia, the details of any Eligible Investments so purchased and the proposed date 
of such purchase. Such notice, once given by the Issuer, shall be conclusive and 
binding on such persons so notified by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a substitution pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv) 
may only be made if:- 
(x) 
where the Series is a Secured Series, the Eligible Investments so purchased 
are secured by the Issuer on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the 
Maturing Underlying Assets; 
(y) 
all requirements of any relevant Stock Exchange or competent authority 
are complied with; and 
(z) 
any other conditions specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, (including Rating Agency requirements (if any)) are 
complied with. 
All determinations of the availability of Eligible Investments for purchase, and all 
determinations and calculations of the purchase price and applicable date for 
purchase thereof shall be made by the Counterparty in accordance with the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and all such determinations and 
calculations shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders and all other persons.  
(v) 
Limitations on the Substitution of Underlying Assets 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
a substitution of Underlying Assets and their replacement with Eligible Investments 
under the terms of Condition 4(b)(i) to (iv) above shall not be permitted unless the

--- Page 91 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
91 
 
 
Calculation Agent confirms that the aggregate principal amount of any Underlying 
Assets which have been sold by the Issuer (not taking into account any sales 
conducted for the purpose of securing the volume, the duration and the risk structure 
of the Underlying Assets) during the most recent Substitution Period to occur (or if 
such substitution is to take place during the First Substitution Period, during the 
period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date of the proposed 
substitution and replacement) does not exceed 20 per cent. of the total aggregate 
principal amount of all Underlying Assets held by the Issuer as at the beginning of 
such Substitution Period.  
Where: "Substitution Period" means each of (A) the period beginning on (and 
including) the Issue Date of the Notes to (but excluding) the first anniversary date of 
the Issue Date (which shall be the "First Substitution Period"); and (B) each 
successive twelve month period after such anniversary date of the Issue Date. 
(c) 
Realisation of Secured Property upon early redemption of the Notes or Event of Default 
In respect of a Secured Series, the Security Interests over the Secured Property shall become 
enforceable following an early redemption of the Notes or an Event of Default. On the 
occurrence of any such event, each Charged Agreement will terminate in accordance with its 
terms. For the avoidance of doubt, all rights of replacement and/or substitution of Secured 
Property under Condition 4(b) shall cease forthwith upon the Security Interests over the 
Secured Property becoming enforceable whether in whole or in part. 
(d) 
Realisation of Series Property upon early redemption of the Notes or Event of Default 
In respect of an Unsecured Series, upon the occurrence of an early redemption of the Notes or 
an Event of Default, each Charged Agreement will terminate in accordance with its terms. For 
the avoidance of doubt, all rights of replacement and/or substitution of the Series Property 
under Condition 4(b) shall cease forthwith upon the occurrence of the event described in the 
previous sentence. 
5. 
APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Application of Realisation Amount 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify the Priority Ranking 
Basis in accordance with which the Realisation Amount will be applied, being one of the 
following (or otherwise as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable): 
(A) 
If Noteholder Priority Basis is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, the Realisation Amount will be applied as follows: 
(i) 
firstly, to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, duties, 
liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become due and 
payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer (including to 
its professional advisers, its corporate service provider and the Agents) in 
connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's ongoing 
obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents entered into 
by it; 
(ii) 
secondly, in meeting claims of the Noteholders under the Notes on a pari 
passu and pro rata basis;

--- Page 92 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
92 
 
 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty (or if more than one 
Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be met on the 
basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) 
under any Charged Agreement(s); and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(B) 
If Pari Passu Basis is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the Realisation Amount will be applied as follows: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts due and unpaid under any 
Charging Document (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the 
costs of realising any Security Interests); 
(ii) 
secondly, to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, 
duties, liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become 
due and payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer 
(including to its professional advisers, its corporate service provider and 
the Agents) in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's 
ongoing obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents 
entered into by it; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders under the Notes and the 
Counterparty (or if more than one Counterparty, the claims of all such 
Counterparties shall be met on the basis as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) under any Charged Agreement(s) on a 
pari passu and pro rata basis; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(C) 
If Counterparty Priority Basis is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the Realisation Amount will be applied as follows: 
(i) 
firstly, to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, duties, 
liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become due and 
payable) that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer (including to 
its professional advisers, its corporate service provider and the Agents) in 
connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's ongoing 
obligations thereunder and under the Transaction Documents entered into 
by it; 
(ii) 
secondly, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty (or, if more than one 
Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be met on the 
basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) 
under any Charged Agreement(s); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders under the Notes on a pari 
passu and pro rata basis; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
provided that, if the realisation or enforcement of the Secured Property (in respect of a 
Secured Series) or the Series Property (in respect of an Unsecured Series) has arisen as a result 
of any Event of Default (as defined in the Charged Agreement) relating to the Counterparty,

--- Page 93 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
93 
 
 
then the Realisation Amount shall be applied on the basis of "Pari Passu Basis" which shall 
be deemed to apply (for all purposes) instead of Counterparty Priority Basis. 
(b) 
Issuer's expenses 
Prior to the realisation or enforcement of any Security Interests (in respect of a Secured Series), 
notwithstanding any other Condition, on any date on which amounts are payable by the Issuer 
to Noteholders (including under Condition 7 and Condition 8), the Issuer shall have the right 
to deduct from such amounts and to pay when due any reasonably necessary taxes, fees, costs, 
duties, liabilities and expenses payable (or reasonably expected to become due and payable) 
that are properly incurred in good faith by the Issuer (including to its professional advisers) in 
connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Issuer's ongoing obligations thereunder and 
under the Transaction Documents entered into by it. 
6. 
SHORTFALL AFTER APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS 
(a) 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and any Charged Agreement(s) 
(if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time 
to time by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Underlying Property (including without 
limitation in respect of a Secured Series, amounts recovered in respect of the Secured Property) 
in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(b) 
To the extent that such sums are less than the amount which the Noteholders and the 
Counterparty (if any) may have expected to receive (the difference being referred to as a 
"shortfall"), such shortfall will be borne by such Noteholders and by the Counterparty (if any) 
in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(c) 
Each holder of Notes, by subscribing for or purchasing such Notes, and each Counterparty (if 
any) will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
the Noteholders and the Counterparty (if any) shall look solely to the sums referred 
to in paragraph (a) of this Condition 6 (Shortfall after Application of Proceeds), as 
applied in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above (the "Relevant Sums"), for 
payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and any Charged 
Agreement(s); 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes and any 
Charged Agreement(s) will be limited to the Relevant Sums and the Noteholders and 
the Counterparty (if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and any Charged Agreement(s), respectively; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing, any right of the Noteholders and the Counterparty 
(if any) to claim payment of any amount exceeding the Relevant Sums shall be 
automatically extinguished; and 
(iv) 
the Noteholders and the Counterparty (if any) shall not be able to petition for the 
winding up of, or the appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer as a consequence of 
any such shortfall. 
Non-payment of any shortfall shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 
(Events of Default) nor entitle the Counterparty (if any) to terminate the remainder of any 
Charged Agreement(s) in respect of such Series in the case of a partial termination and in any 
event, in respect of any other Series.

--- Page 94 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
94 
 
 
None of the Fiscal Agent, the shareholders of the Issuer, any Dealer or any Counterparty has 
any obligation to any Noteholder for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. 
7. 
TYPES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount as on the first day 
of a Fixed Interest Period (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at the rate(s) per annum equal 
to the Rate(s) of Interest, subject to any cessation of interest in circumstances as set out in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year as specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, subject as aforesaid. 
Interest pursuant to this Condition 7(a), whether for a Fixed Interest Period or a period other 
than a Fixed Interest Period, shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, 
and shall be rounded in accordance with Condition 7(e) below. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes and Indexed Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Note which is a Floating Rate Note or Indexed Interest Note bears interest on 
its Outstanding Principal Amount as on the first day of an Interest Period (or, if it is 
a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, subject to any cessation 
of interest in circumstances as set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
Such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, each date which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date, 
each an "Interest Payment Date". 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date).

--- Page 95 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
95 
 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and 
Indexed Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Agent Bank under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent 
Bank were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation 
Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period the Agent Bank or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will 
be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 7(b)(iv) 
(Types of Notes – Floating Rate Notes and Indexed Interest Notes) in 
respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided 
in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations,

--- Page 96 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
96 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent Bank. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent Bank for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(C) 
Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred, it will give notice of such determination to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, any Counterparty, the Registrar and the 
Noteholders (which notice the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on 
without further enquiry or investigation). At any point following the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent may (or, 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Reference Rate Event, shall) take 
the following actions:  
(1) 
if the tenor of the Reference Rate is no longer available, the 
Calculation Agent shall, subject to the prior consent of the 
Designated Counterparty, apply the interpolation determination. 
Where 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
applies 
interpolation 
determination, the Reference Rate shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be 
calculated as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the tenor of the 
original Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option (as the case may 
be) and the other of which shall be calculated as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the tenor of the original Reference Rate or 
Floating Rate Option (as the case may be);  
(2) 
if the Reference Rate may not be calculated by the application of 
the interpolation determination pursuant to (1) above), the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement 
Reference Rate;  
if "Reference Rate Redemption Event" is specified as applicable and, after 
using reasonable efforts to do so, the Calculation Agent is unable to 
calculate the Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with (2) above) 
or is unable to identify and propose to the Issuer suitable amendments 
and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and any provisions of the 
Transaction Documents as contemplated in paragraph (i)(1) of Condition 
7(b)(ii)(D) (Reference Rate Fallbacks), or if the Issuer does not adopt any 
such proposal, then the Notes may be redeemed early pursuant to 
Condition 8(j) (Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events) 
(D) 
Reference Rate Fallbacks

--- Page 97 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
97 
 
 
Upon identification of a Replacement Reference Rate:  
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Counterparty, the Registrar and the 
Noteholders of such Replacement Reference Rate and shall:  
(1) 
identify; and  
(2) 
propose to the Issuer modifications to the Notes and 
Transaction Documents in respect of such Series to account 
for  the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Replacement Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve to the 
extent practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes 
prior to such replacement of the Reference Rate and upon 
receipt of such a proposal, the Issuer shall hold a board 
meeting to consider such proposal and determine, in the 
Issuer's absolute discretion, whether to adopt such proposal; 
and  
(3) 
where the Issuer determines to adopt the proposal referred 
to in paragraph (i)(1) of Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) (Reference 
Rate Fallbacks), notify the Fiscal Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Counterparty (if any), the Registrar and 
the Noteholders of the modifications to the Notes and 
Transaction Documents resulting from such adoption by the 
Issuer.  
(ii) 
The Fiscal Agent and Agents shall be bound to concur with any 
modifications referred to in this Condition 7(b)(ii)(D) at the 
expense of the Issuer and without the consent of the Noteholders, 
provided that (i) they have received a certificate, on which they can 
rely without liability, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
stating that such modifications are necessary or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Replacement Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve to the extent 
practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes prior to such 
replacement of the Reference Rate, (ii) the Fiscal Agent and the 
Agents are satisfied (as applicable and, in each case, acting 
reasonably) that such amendments do not impose unduly onerous 
additional obligations on the Fiscal Agent or the Agents (as 
applicable) than existed prior to the making of such amendments, 
and (iii) provided that the Fiscal Agent and the Agents have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to their satisfaction. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Fiscal Agent and the Agents 
shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so 
acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any 
such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any such person.  
(iii) 
Notwithstanding any term to the contrary, the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, and the Registrar shall, subject 
to the rights and protections set out in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable), take

--- Page 98 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
98 
 
 
such actions, without the consent of the Noteholders but subject to 
the prior consent of the Designated Counterparty, (including for 
the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar (if required)), as the Issuer considers necessary or 
appropriate to effect such modifications to the Notes and 
Transaction Documents in respect of such Series.  
In selecting a Replacement Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent will act 
in a commercially reasonable manner and it may, but is not obliged to, take 
into account its internal models and policies, any industry developments 
and market consensus.  
No liability shall attach to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Designated 
Counterparty, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
for any determination or non-determination of the Issuer or modification to 
the Transaction Documents in respect of such Series or any proposal or 
absence of proposal by the Calculation Agent, in each case made in 
accordance with this Condition 7(b)(ii)(D).  
If any changes are required to a Swap Agreement corresponding to any 
modifications made in accordance with this Condition 7(b)(ii)(D), they 
shall be implemented in accordance with the terms of such Swap 
Agreement and, accordingly, they shall be subject to the relevant 
Counterparty's consent.  
Any modifications made in accordance with this Condition will be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified to the 
Noteholders by the Issuer as soon as is practicable. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify a Minimum Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify a Maximum Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent Bank (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) or the Calculation Agent (in 
the case of Indexed Interest Notes) will, on or as soon as practicable after each time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but in any event no later than the 
second Business Day thereafter, determine and notify the Issuer, the Counterparty 
(if any) and the Fiscal Agent of (i) the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
and (ii) the amounts payable in respect of the Notes of each Specified Denomination 
(the "Interest Amounts") pertaining to such Interest Period.

--- Page 99 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
99 
 
 
The Interest Amounts shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying each such sum by the applicable Floating Day 
Count Fraction and shall be rounded in accordance with Condition 7(e) below. 
(v) 
Publication of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to any 
Stock Exchange upon which the Notes are listed (as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) and to be published in accordance with relevant 
provisions relating to notices as soon as possible after their determination, but in any 
event no later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The Interest Amounts and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified as aforesaid to each Stock Exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Indexed Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Notifications to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, calculations, certificates, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions 
summarised under this Condition whether by the Agent Bank or the Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Counterparty, the Agent Bank, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and all Noteholders, as applicable, and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Agent Bank or the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to this Condition. 
(c) 
Partly Paid Notes 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that the Notes are Partly Paid 
Notes, the amount of each payment comprising the issue price, the date on which each payment 
is to be made and the consequences (if any) of failure to make any such payment will be as set 
out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, interest will accrue on the paid-
up nominal amount of such Notes and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
(d) 
Principal Protected CDO Notes 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that the Notes are Principal 
Protected CDO Notes, unless otherwise specified therein: 
(i) 
the Notes will not bear a pre-determined Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the event that distributions are made by, or payments of interest and/or principal 
and/or any fixed amount are made by, the obligor of the relevant Underlying Assets 
and/or Counterparty of any Charged Agreement(s) specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, such sums will be paid to the Noteholders within 
two Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final

--- Page 100 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
100 
 
 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) of receipt thereof from time to time by 
or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will set out the expected dates 
of any such distributions or payments. 
(e) 
Rounding in respect of all Notes 
All amounts resulting from any calculations referred to in these provisions will be rounded 
downwards to the nearest unit or sub-unit of currency or as described in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(f) 
Default interest 
Subject to Condition 9(c), each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, 
that part only of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, any amount due in respect of the Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case interest shall accrue at the rate specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable (or if no such rate is specified, the rate shall be deemed 
to be zero). References to any payment due or owing in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include any interest which may be payable under this Condition 7 (Types of Notes). 
8. 
REDEMPTION 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
unless such Note has been redeemed, purchased or cancelled prior to such date. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
(i) 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, 
would be required by law to withhold or account for tax or would suffer 
tax in respect of its income in respect of the Underlying Assets or receipt 
of payments under any Charged Agreement (including the deductions of 
tax from such payments) so that it would be unable to make payment of 
the full amount payable on the Notes without recourse to further sources 
of funding, or 
(B) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of any 
Charged Agreement, would be required by law to withhold or account for 
tax or would suffer tax in respect of its income in respect of the Underlying 
Assets (including the deductions of tax from such payments) so that it 
would be unable to make payment of the full amount payable under such 
Charged Agreement without recourse to further sources of funding, or 
(C) 
the Issuer would be required to account for any tax or suffer tax in respect 
of its income in respect of the Underlying Assets or receipt of payments 
(whether actual or deemed) under any Charged Agreement as a result of 
the then accounting treatment, as certified by the Issuer's auditors,

--- Page 101 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
101 
 
 
then the Issuer shall so inform the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Counterparty in writing in a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer. 
The date on which any such withholding or deduction is suffered or such increased 
amount is payable is referred to as the "Shortfall Date". The Issuer shall use all 
reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution as the principal debtor of the Notes 
of another company, approved by Rating Agencies (in the case of Notes that are 
rated subject to Rating Agency Confirmation) incorporated in another jurisdiction 
wherein such withholding would not be applicable, or such tax would not be 
accountable or suffered and, in any such case, the company concerned would not be 
in any worse position following the substitution than the Issuer was in before the 
event occurred which resulted in the Issuer being obliged to use all reasonable 
endeavours to substitute a new principal debtor in accordance with this provision. 
(ii) 
If, having used all reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to arrange such 
substitution before the relevant Shortfall Date, in the case of Condition 8(b)(i)(A) 
where there is a Charged Agreement, the Counterparty shall have the right, but not 
the obligation, exercisable prior to the Shortfall Date in its sole discretion, under any 
Charged Agreement to pay to the Issuer such amounts as will enable it (after any 
such withholding, accounting or suffering) to pay (and in such event, the Issuer will 
be obliged to pay) to the Noteholders the amounts which they would have received 
in the absence of such withholding, accounting or suffering. 
If, having used all reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to arrange such 
substitution before the relevant Shortfall Date in the case of Condition 8(b)(i)(B), the 
Counterparty shall have the right, but not the obligation, exercisable prior to the 
Shortfall Date in its sole discretion, under any such Charged Agreement to accept a 
lesser payment from the Issuer in respect of the Underlying Assets (after any such 
withholding or accounting or suffering of tax by the Issuer in respect of the 
Underlying Assets). 
If, having used all reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to arrange such 
substitution before the relevant Shortfall Date, in the case of the events referred to in 
Condition 8(b)(i)(C) and where there is a Charged Agreement, the Counterparty shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, before the Shortfall Date, to make additional 
payments to the Issuer so that the Issuer would not be in any worse position as a 
result of the occurrence of such event. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is unable to arrange such substitution and the Counterparty does not 
exercise such rights as are referred to in paragraph (ii) above, any such Charged 
Agreement will be terminated and the Notes redeemed as follows. The Selling Agent 
shall arrange for, and administer the sale of, the Underlying Assets in accordance 
with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Upon the sale of the Underlying Assets and 
receipt of the Realisation Amount, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which the Notes will be 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold or account for any of 
the taxes referred to in this Condition arises: 
(A) 
owing to any connection of any Noteholder with the taxing jurisdiction to 
which the Issuer is subject to otherwise than by reason only of the holding

--- Page 102 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
102 
 
 
of any Note or receiving principal, premium or interest in respect thereof; 
or 
(B) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder to comply with any 
applicable procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption from such tax; or 
(C) 
(if applicable) which could have been avoided if the relevant Noteholder 
presented the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a Member State of 
the European Union, 
then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the 
amounts payable to such Noteholder and the provisions of the preceding paragraphs 
shall not apply. Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(v) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA 
withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify a holder for any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of any person (other than an 
agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. 
(c) 
Mandatory Redemption 
(i) 
Following Payment Default under the Underlying Assets, termination of a Hedge 
Agreement, an Underlying Assets Event of Default 
Subject to Condition 4(b)(iii) (Underlying Assets – Substitution with Cash 
Collateral), if: 
(A) 
there has been a payment default in respect of the Underlying Assets, or 
any one or more of the securities or other assets comprising the Underlying 
Assets in respect of the Notes, as the case may be (having taken into 
account any applicable grace period); 
(B) 
the Charged Agreements are terminated (in whole but not in part) for any 
reason other than as a consequence of the operation of any specific 
Conditions relating to redemption of the Notes; or 
(C) 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that one or 
more Underlying Assets Events of Default are applicable and the 
Calculation Agent determines that one or more of such Underlying Assets 
Events of Default (as defined in Condition 8(c)(iv) below) has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Fiscal Agent, the Counterparty, the 
Noteholders and the Selling Agent. 
Thereupon, the Selling Agent shall arrange for, and administer the sale of, all of the 
Underlying Assets in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Upon the sale

--- Page 103 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
103 
 
 
of all of the Underlying Assets and receipt of the Realisation Amount, the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Counterparty (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the Realisation 
Amount and of the date on which the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date 
fixed for redemption. In the event of a payment default in respect of the Initial 
Underlying Assets prior to the delivery by the Vendor of all or any part of the Initial 
Underlying Assets, any undelivered Initial Underlying Assets shall be deemed to 
have been delivered by the Vendor to the Issuer and sold by the Selling Agent in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. In the event that the deemed 
proceeds of the sale of such undelivered Initial Underlying Assets are less than the 
amount of cash held in the Cash Deposit Account at such time, any such difference 
shall be paid to the Vendor as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
(ii) 
Following Early Redemption of the Underlying Assets 
(A) 
In the event of an early unscheduled redemption of the Initial Underlying 
Assets prior to their stated date of maturity (other than by reason of a 
payment default) prior to the delivery by the Vendor of all or any part of 
the Initial Underlying Assets, any undelivered Initial Underlying Assets 
shall be deemed to have been delivered by the Vendor to the Issuer and 
sold by the Selling Agent in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. In the event that the deemed proceeds of the sale of such 
undelivered Initial Underlying Assets are less than the amount of cash held 
in the Cash Deposit Account at such time, the Selling Agent, on behalf of 
the Issuer, shall pay any such difference to the Vendor as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter. Each Note will thereafter be redeemed 
on a pro rata basis of the aggregate amount allocated to the Noteholders. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4(b)(iii) (Underlying Assets – Substitution with Cash 
Collateral), where any one or more of the Underlying Assets in relation to 
a Series of Notes are redeemed pursuant to an early unscheduled 
redemption of such Underlying Assets prior to their stated date of maturity 
(other than by reason of a payment default), the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders, Fiscal Agent, the 
Counterparty and the Selling Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable) of 
the date on which the net redemption proceeds of such Underlying Assets 
shall be applied as specified in Condition 5 (Application of proceeds). In 
such circumstances, in relation to any Underlying Assets not so redeemed, 
the Selling Agent shall arrange for, and administer the sale of, such 
Underlying Assets (and the Issuer shall give notice of the Realisation 
Amount relating thereto in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Condition 5 (Application of Proceeds) above, which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, shall be applied on the same date as, and together with, the net 
redemption proceeds received in relation to the redeemed Underlying 
Assets as specified in Condition 5 (Application of Proceeds)). 
(iii) 
General 
Once the net proceeds of sale or redemption of the Underlying Assets have been 
applied in accordance with this Condition and the Priority Ranking Basis specified 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, failure to make any further 
payment due in respect of a redemption of the principal amount of the Notes or 
interest thereon or any termination payment under any Charged Agreement shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. To the extent that the net proceeds of sale or

--- Page 104 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
104 
 
 
redemption of the Underlying Assets, together with any and all proceeds of the 
Underlying Property (and in respect of a Secured Series any other sums recovered 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Property) are less than the 
amount which the Noteholders and the Counterparty (if any) may have expected to 
receive, such shortfall will be borne by such Noteholders and the Counterparty (if 
any) in accordance with the Priority Ranking Basis specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the Noteholders and the Counterparty shall 
have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Charged 
Agreement(s) (if any). 
(iv) 
Underlying Assets Event of Default 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Assets Event of Default has 
occurred, it shall give notice thereof in writing to the Issuer as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
"Underlying Assets Acceleration" means any event or circumstance which may 
with the giving of notice by the noteholders of the Underlying Assets (or the relevant 
quorum of noteholders of the Underlying Assets) or the lapse of time or both, result 
in the Underlying Assets becoming due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event of default or other similar condition or event (howsoever described) 
according to the terms and conditions of the Underlying Assets. 
"Underlying Assets Event of Default" means any of (i) an Underlying Assets 
Repudiation/Moratorium, (ii) an Underlying Assets Restructuring, or (iii) an 
Underlying Assets Acceleration, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
"Underlying Assets Issuer" means the issuer of the Underlying Assets. 
"Underlying Assets Repudiation/Moratorium" means, if the issuer of the 
Underlying Assets is a sovereign, the occurrence of the following event: an 
authorised officer of the Underlying Assets Issuer or a Governmental Authority (a) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, the Underlying Assets or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, 
roll over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to the Underlying 
Assets. 
"Underlying Assets Restructuring" means that any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of the Underlying Assets, is agreed 
between the Underlying Assets Issuer or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of the Underlying Assets to bind all holders of the Underlying 
Assets or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by an Underlying Assets Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of the Underlying Assets 
(including pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation)), irrespective of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Underlying Assets in effect as 
of the date as of which the Underlying Assets are issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or 
at scheduled redemption dates (including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 105 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
105 
 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the 
payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of the Underlying Assets, 
causing the Subordination of the Underlying Assets to any other obligation 
of the Underlying Assets Issuer; or 
(v) 
either (A) any change in the currency or composition of any payment of 
interest or principal to any currency or (B) if Permitted Currency is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, any change in the currency or composition of any payment of 
interest or principal to any currency which is not a Permitted Currency; 
(vi) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the 
beneficial holder of the Underlying Assets; 
(vii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange of the Underlying 
Assets; or 
(viii) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
(i) to (vii). 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, 
administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of 
an Underlying Assets Issuer or of the jurisdiction of organisation of an Underlying 
Assets Issuer. 
"Permitted Currency" means (a) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any 
country that becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its 
membership); or (b) the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such 
change, is a member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development and has a local currency long-term debt rating of either AAA or higher 
assigned to it by S&P, Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody's or AAA or higher 
assigned to it by Fitch. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Subordinated 
Obligation") and another obligation of the Underlying Assets Issuer to which such 
obligation is being compared (the "Senior Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Underlying Assets Issuer, claims of the holders 
of the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the 
Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not 
be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
Underlying Assets Issuer at any time that the Underlying Assets Issuer is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. "Subordinated" will 
be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists 
or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which 
it is being compared, the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law 
or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall not be taken into account where the Underlying Assets Issuer 
is a Sovereign.

--- Page 106 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
106 
 
 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(i) 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may specify that the Issuer 
has the option to redeem all or some of the Notes on the Optional Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Optional Call Redemption Amount together with interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(ii) 
The Issuer may only exercise such option by giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 Business Days' irrevocable notice (or such other period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to the Noteholders, the 
Counterparty and the Fiscal Agent. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be 
selected individually by lot (where the Notes are in definitive form) or by selection 
of whole Notes in the relevant Issuance Document in accordance with the rules of 
the Clearing Systems (where the Notes are in global form) not more than 30 Business 
Days prior to the date fixed for redemption and the Issuer shall give a notice of the 
Notes called for redemption and the date fixed for redemption and the redemption 
price in respect of such Notes not less than 15 Business Days prior to such 
redemption date in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(i) 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may specify that the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the Noteholders (either individually or acting together, subject 
to a minimum percentage of all the Noteholders, as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable), redeem all or some of the Notes on the Optional 
Put Redemption Date at the Optional Put Redemption Amount, together with interest 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(ii) 
A Noteholder may only exercise such option by giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 calendar days' notice (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to the Issuer before the relevant 
Optional Put Redemption Date (as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable). If the Notes are in definitive form, the Noteholder must 
deposit the relevant Note together with unmatured related Coupons (if any) and 
unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining thereto at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent together with a duly completed and signed notice of exercise (the "Put 
Notice"). If the Notes are represented by a Global Note, to exercise the right to 
require redemption of the Note the Noteholder must, within the notice period, give 
notice of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the Clearing 
Systems (which may include notice being given on his instruction by the Clearing 
Systems or any common depositary for them to the Issuer with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to the Clearing Systems from time 
to time and, at the same time, present or procure the presentation of the relevant 
Global Note to the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
(iii) 
Any Put Notice shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and a 
Noteholder has declared the Notes due and repayable in accordance with Condition

--- Page 107 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
107 
 
 
11 (Events of Default). In such event, a Noteholder may, at its option, elect to 
withdraw the Put Notice. 
(f) 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8 (Redemption) and Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Amortised 
Face Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Amortised Face Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(ii) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to this Condition 8 (Redemption) or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in sub-paragraph (i) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(iii) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
have been paid; and 
(iv) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed early or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, (together with the relative Coupons and Talons) shall be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Redemption in excess of Outstanding Principal Amount 
In the case only of an Issuer incorporated in the Republic of Ireland, in relation to any early 
redemption of the Notes, the amounts to be delivered and/or paid in redemption of such Notes 
which are in excess of the Outstanding Principal Amount shall be paid net of any relevant 
taxes.

--- Page 108 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
108 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption following Valuation Event 
(i) 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specify that Valuation Event 
applies: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following a 
request from the Counterparty, determine whether a Valuation Event 
exists; 
(B) 
upon occurrence of a Valuation Event, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the Counterparty thereof; 
(C) 
the Charged Agreement will provide that upon occurrence of a Valuation 
Event (regardless of whether such Valuation Event is continuing) the 
Counterparty may, by notice to the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Fiscal 
Agent within 20 Business Days of being notified by the Calculation Agent 
of the Valuation Event, designate an Early Termination Date (as defined in 
the Charged Agreement) in respect of the Charged Agreement. 
(ii) 
Following delivery of the notice by the Counterparty pursuant to paragraph 
8(b)(i)(C) above: 
(A) 
the relevant Charged Agreement shall be terminated and payments made 
thereunder in accordance with its terms; and 
(B) 
the Selling Agent shall as soon as practicable arrange for, and administer 
the sale of, the Underlying Assets in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. Upon the sale of the Underlying Assets and receipt of the 
Realisation Amount, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) of the date on which the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(iii) 
In this condition 8(i): 
(A) 
"Market Value" means, in respect of any day and in respect of the 
Underlying Assets, the firm bid price in respect of the Underlying Assets 
as of such day obtained by the Calculation Agent from three dealers (one 
of whom may be the Counterparty) as it may in its discretion select (or, if 
more than one firm bid is obtained, the arithmetical average of such prices, 
disregarding, if more than three bids are obtained, the highest and lowest 
quotes) or, if less no such bid prices are obtained by the Calculation Agent, 
the market value of the Underlying Assets calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as of such day in such other manner as it shall determine in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(B) 
"Swap Mark-to-Market" means, in respect of any day, the amount (if 
any), in the Currency of Issue (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) that would be payable by the 
Issuer to the Counterparty in respect of the early termination of all the 
transactions under the Charged Agreement if an Early Termination Date 
under that Charged Agreement had occurred on that day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of a hypothetical hedge agreement,

--- Page 109 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
109 
 
 
without taking into account the consequences of the occurrence of the 
relevant Valuation Event; and 
(C) 
"Valuation Event" means, in respect of any day, the determination by the 
Calculation Agent that the Market Value of the Underlying Assets as of 
such day does not exceed the Swap Mark-to-Market as of such day by at 
least an amount or percentage equal to the Valuation Buffer indicated in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(j) 
Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events: If the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Benchmark Event, (if 'Benchmark Event' is stated to be applicable in the applicable 
Issuance Document), has occurred, it shall give notice of such determination to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, each Counterparty and the Noteholders (which notice the Fiscal Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on without further enquiry or investigation), and:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable efforts to identify and propose to the 
Issuer amendments and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and any provisions 
of the Transaction Documents that would result in such Benchmark Event ceasing 
to apply or otherwise account for its impact on the Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer shall hold a board meeting to consider any such proposal and determine, 
in the Issuer's absolute discretion, whether to adopt such proposal. In the event that 
the Issuer's board so determines to adopt such proposal, then the Issuer shall make 
such amendments and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and any provisions 
of the Transaction Documents referred to in sub-paragraph (1) without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Fiscal Agent as it may determine appropriate to account 
for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may:  
(A) 
consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates;  
(B) 
be calculated by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant 
event or circumstance made in relation to any Transaction Document in 
respect of the Notes; and  
(C) 
include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related 
adjustments to the Notes or the Transaction Documents,  
(iii) 
including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such 
exposure to the successor benchmark(s), and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks;   
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent either:  
(A) 
after using reasonable efforts to do so, is unable to propose amendments 
and/or adjustments in accordance with paragraph (2) above, or  
(B) 
proposes to the Issuer that no amendments and/or adjustments can be made 
to the terms of the Notes and any provisions of the Transaction Documents 
that would appropriately account for the occurrence of relevant Benchmark 
Event; or  
(C) 
makes a proposal pursuant to paragraph (2) above but such proposal is not 
adopted by the Issuer,

--- Page 110 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
110 
 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such circumstances and a 
"Benchmark Redemption Event " shall occur. 
The Fiscal Agent and Agents shall be bound to concur (without requiring consent of the 
Noteholders) with any amendments referred to in this Condition 8(j) at the expense of the 
Issuer, provided that, (i) they have received a certificate, on which they can rely without 
liability, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent stating that such amendments comply with 
the requirements of sub-paragraph (2) above, (ii) the Fiscal Agent and the Agents are satisfied 
(as applicable and, in each case, acting reasonably) that such amendments do not impose 
unduly onerous additional obligations on the Fiscal Agent or the Agents (as applicable) than 
existed prior to the making of such amendments, and (iii) provided that the Fiscal Agent and 
the Agents have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to their satisfaction.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall not be liable to the 
Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
person.  
No liability shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the Agents for any determination or non-
determination of the Issuer or modification to the Transaction Documents in respect of such 
Series or any proposal or non-proposal of the Calculation Agent so made in accordance with 
this Condition 8(j).  
In determining whether a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will act in a 
commercially reasonable manner and it may, but is not obliged to, refer to any publicly 
available information and pronouncements from regulators or industry bodies.  
Any modifications made in accordance with this Condition will be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as is practicable.  
If any changes are required to a Swap Agreement corresponding to any modifications made 
in accordance with this Condition 8(j), they shall be implemented in accordance with the terms 
of such Swap Agreement and, accordingly, they shall be subject to the relevant Counterparty's 
consent.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Notes, including without limitation, Condition 7(b)(ii)(C) (Reference Rate Event) and 
7(b)(ii)(D) (Reference Rate fallbacks).   
9. 
PURCHASES 
(a) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, provided 
that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to receipt by the Issuer of 
an amount (whether by sale of the Underlying Assets (or, in the case of a purchase of some 
only of the Notes, by sale of a proportion of the Underlying Assets whose par value 
corresponds to the par value of the Notes to be purchased) or otherwise) which, plus or minus 
any termination payment payable to or by the Issuer from or to the Counterparty on the 
termination (or, as the case may be, partial termination) of the Charged Agreement(s) (if any), 
is sufficient to fund the purchase price of the Notes payable by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons (if any) and unexchanged Talons (if 
any) appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. The Issuer shall not purchase any definitive Bearer Note unless it 
purchases all unmatured Coupons (if any) in respect of such Bearer Note.

--- Page 111 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
111 
 
 
(b) 
On any such purchase the Charged Agreement(s) (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the Notes to be purchased) will be terminated and, in respect of a Secured 
Series, any Charging Documents will provide that the Security Interests over the Underlying 
Assets (or a proportionate part thereof) will be released following the realisation of such 
Underlying Assets. 
(c) 
No interest will be payable with respect to a Note purchased under this Condition in respect 
of the period from the Issue Date or the previous Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
to the date of such purchase. 
(d) 
On a purchase under this Condition of a proportion of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall, 
without the consent of any other person but, if the Notes are rated by a Rating Agency, with 
prior written notice to the Rating Agency, make such amendments as are necessary to preserve 
the economic equivalence of the remaining Notes, including, without limitation, any 
consequential amendments to the Notional Amount. 
(e) 
If, pursuant to the Charged Agreement, the Counterparty directs the issuer to purchase an 
amount of Notes, the Issuer will, on the Redemption Purchase Date (as such term is defined in 
the Charged Agreement) or such other date determined pursuant to the Charged Agreement, 
redeem such Notes and in exchange deliver to the Counterparty a principal amount of the 
Underlying Assets that corresponds to the principal amount of Notes being redeemed, in 
accordance with the Charged Agreement, and Conditions 9(b), (c) and (d) above shall apply. 
If there is any discrepancy between this Condition 9 and the Charged Agreement, the 
provisions of the Charged Agreement shall prevail. 
10. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Payments of principal and premium (if any) and interest due otherwise than on an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of Bearer Notes or a Bearer Global Note will be made at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents against surrender (or, in the case of partial payment, 
endorsement) of the Bearer Notes or the Bearer Global Note, as the case may be. Payments of 
interest, if applicable, in respect of Bearer Notes or a Bearer Global Note due on an Interest 
Payment Date will be made at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof, the District of Columbia and the territories, possessions and other 
areas subject to the jurisdiction of the United States of America)), subject as provided in sub-
paragraph (c) below, against surrender (or, in the case of partial payment, endorsement) of the 
relevant Coupons or, as applicable, against endorsement of the Bearer Global Note. 
Such payments shall be made by a cheque payable in the Currency of Issue drawn on, or, at 
the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in the Currency of Issue with, 
a bank in the city, as agreed, as the place of payment, or, in the case of the euro, a city in which 
banks have access to the Target System, subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable in the place of payment. 
The Paying Agent to which a Bearer Global Note shall have been presented for payment shall 
endorse on such Bearer Global Note a record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal, any payment of premium and any payment of interest. Such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
As long as Bearer Notes are represented by one or more Bearer Global Note(s), each of the 
persons shown in the records of the Clearing Systems as the holder of a Bearer Note must look 
solely to the Clearing Systems for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to the 
bearer of the Bearer Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the

--- Page 112 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
112 
 
 
Issuer in respect of payments due on the Bearer Notes for so long as the Bearer Global Note 
is outstanding. The Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Bearer Global 
Note in respect of each amount so paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments on a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note due prior to the Exchange Date will only be made upon 
certification as to non -U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. No 
payments due after the Exchange Date will be made on the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
unless exchange is improperly withheld following certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
(b) 
Each Bearer Note should be presented for payment together with, if applicable, all related 
unmatured Coupons. If any Bearer Note in respect of a Fixed Rate Note is presented for 
payment without, if applicable, all unmatured related Coupons (not being a Talon), the full 
amount of any such missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the full amount in the Currency of Issue of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total amount of principal due) will be 
deducted from the principal amount due for payment. Any amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time thereafter but before the expiry of a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 13 (Prescription)) for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)) or, if 
later, 5 years from the date for payment stated on such Coupon, but not thereafter. Upon any 
Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Indexed Interest 
Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable prior to its stated Maturity Date, unmatured 
Coupons (if any) and Talons (if any) appertaining thereto (whether or not attached to the 
relative Bearer Note) shall become void upon the date on which such Bearer Note becomes 
due and repayable and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
(c) 
No payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such payments of principal and/or interest will be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on such Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer (after any consultation with any legal or tax advisers which it 
considers necessary), adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
If no appointment of a Paying Agent with a specified office in the United States is then in 
effect, the Issuer shall appoint a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City at 
which such payments will be made. Notice of any termination or appointment of a Paying 
Agent and of any changes in the specified offices of the Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 113 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
113 
 
 
(d) 
Subject to (b) above, after all the Coupons attached to or issued in respect of a definitive Bearer 
Note have matured, further Coupons and, where applicable, one further Talon will (subject to 
Condition 13 (Prescription)) be issued against surrender of the relevant Talon at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent. 
(e) 
If the due date for payment of any amount of principal, premium (if any) or, if applicable, 
interest in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder of such Note shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. If a Note is presented for 
payment at a time when, as a result of differences in time zones, it is not practicable to transfer 
the relevant amount to an account for value on the date of presentation, the Issuer shall not be 
obliged so to do but shall be obliged to transfer the relevant amount to such account for value 
on the first practicable date after the date of presentation. 
(f) 
Subject as provided in this Condition 10 (Payments): 
(i) 
payments in a Currency of Issue other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Currency of Issue (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Currency of 
Issue drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Currency of Issue (which, if the Currency of Issue is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at 
the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable to 
such payments in the place of payment. 
(g) 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, any 
reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which the Counterparty may elect to pay to the Issuer with 
respect to principal under Condition 8(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Call Redemption Amount(s) (if any) or Optional Put Redemption 
Amount(s) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which the Counterparty may elect to pay with respect to interest 
under Condition 8(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons).

--- Page 114 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
114 
 
 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default each Noteholder may give notice in writing to the 
Issuer (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent) that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly 
immediately become, due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued in accordance with the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and, 
with respect to a Secured Series, the security shall become enforceable and the proceeds of 
realisation of such security shall be applied as specified in Condition 5 (Application of 
Proceeds). 
"Event of Default" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
if, subject to Condition 6, default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the 
payment of any sum due in respect of the Notes or any of them; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other material obligations under 
the Notes and where such default can be remedied, such failure continues for a period 
of 30 days following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer other than for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangements on terms 
approved by the Instructing Creditor; or 
(d) 
if an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer. 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT 
In respect of a Secured Series, the Note Creditors accept and agree that the only remedy against 
the Issuer of any Series after any of the Notes in a Series have become due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default) is to enforce the Security for the relevant Series 
pursuant to the provisions of any Charging Document executed in relation to such Series  
In respect of an Unsecured Series, if the Notes have become due and repayable pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), the Selling Agent shall arrange for, and administer the sale 
of, all of the Underlying Assets in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Upon the 
sale of all of the Underlying Assets and receipt of the Realisation Amount, the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Counterparty (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the Realisation Amount and of the date on 
which the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. The Note Creditors accept 
and agree that the only remedy against the Issuer of any Unsecured Series after any of the 
Notes in a Series have become due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
is to receive from the Issuer amounts realised from the Underlying Property in respect of such 
Series. 
After realisation of the Underlying Property in respect of a Series and distribution of the net 
proceeds thereof in accordance with Condition 5 (Application of Proceeds), no Note Creditor 
in respect of such Series may take any further steps against the Issuer, or any of its assets to 
recover any sums due but unpaid in respect of the Notes or otherwise and any Charged 
Agreement will provide that the Counterparty may not take any further steps against the Issuer, 
or any of its assets to recover any sums due to it but unpaid in respect of such Charged 
Agreement in respect of such Series and all claims and all rights to claim against the Issuer in 
respect of each such sum unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no Note Creditor shall be 
entitled in respect thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up of, or the

--- Page 115 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
115 
 
 
appointment of an examiner to, the Issuer nor shall any of them have any claim in respect of 
the Underlying Property for any other Series if the Relevant Sums (as defined in Condition 
6(c)(i)) are insufficient to pay all amounts under a Series of Notes.  
In these Conditions, "Note Creditors" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Secured Series, the Secured Creditors in respect of such Series; and 
(b) 
in relation to an Unsecured Series, the persons defined as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being the creditors of the Issuer in 
respect of such Series. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Subject to Condition 10(b), claims under the Bearer Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) will be prescribed and become void unless 
the same are presented for payment within a period of 10 years in the case of principal or 
premium (if any) and 5 years in the case of interest from the Relevant Date relating thereto. 
Talons may not be exchanged for Coupons which would be void on issue. 
For this purpose, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment in respect of the 
Note or the Coupon first becomes due and payable. However, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable on such date has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such date, the 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice 
to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and Stock Exchange or other relevant authority rules or 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (or such other place of which notice 
shall have been given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)). Such replacement is subject 
to payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding Bearer Notes will be valid if published (i) in one leading London daily 
newspaper or, if this is not possible, in one other English language daily newspaper with 
general circulation in Europe and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require, in one daily 
newspaper published in Luxembourg. 
All notices regarding Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note will be valid if published as 
described above or if delivered to the Clearing Systems for communication by them to the 
Noteholders. Any notice delivered to a Clearing System as aforesaid shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day of such delivery. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed.

--- Page 116 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
116 
 
 
Any notice published in a newspaper as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication in all required newspapers.  
Any of the aforementioned notices shall be in each instance, prepared by the Issuer and 
provided to the Fiscal Agent for publication in the relevant manner.  
16. 
AGENTS 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify the relevant Agents for an 
issue of a Series of Notes. The duties of each of the Agents shall be as specified in the Issue 
Deed and in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuer reserves the right, subject to the prior written approval of the Counterparty, at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Agents provided that it will at all times maintain Agents as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
17. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Prescription). 
18. 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the written 
consent of the Instructing Creditor (if the Instructing Creditor is the Noteholders, by the 
holders of more than 20 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes 
then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders) and the Counterparty 
(if any): 
(a) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever, except: 
(i) 
issue or enter into Notes and/or, as the case may be, Alternative Investments (the 
terms of which may be governed by a law or laws other than English law) subject to 
a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of EUR 
10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); 
(ii) 
acquire and own Underlying Assets or any assets used to secure any Debt 
Investments and exercise its rights and perform its obligations in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
enforce any of its rights under the Transaction Documents, any Notes or any 
Underlying Property relating to any Series; 
(v) 
as permitted by sub-paragraph (b) below; and 
(vi) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above, 
including without limitation, entering into any swap, option or forward foreign 
exchange agreement in connection with the issue of Notes;

--- Page 117 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
117 
 
 
(b) 
have any Subsidiaries except, if the Issuer has issued rated Notes, after having given prior 
written notice to the relevant Rating Agency and, in any event, only Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
which are wholly owned by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
whose share capital is fully paid up by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
whose activities are limited to the same extent as those of the Issuer under this 
Condition 18 (including, without limitation, the terms of any Notes or other debt 
instruments issued or loans entered into, by such Subsidiary being required to be on 
substantially the same terms as those of the Notes); and 
(iv) 
in respect of whose activities the Issuer will have no liability; 
(c) 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above, dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part 
thereof or interest therein (otherwise than in accordance with Condition 9 (Purchases)); 
(d) 
create or permit within its control to subsist any charge, mortgage, lien or other encumbrance 
over the Underlying Property other than (in respect of Secured Series) the Security Interests 
created by the Charging Document(s); 
(e) 
have any employees; 
(f) 
declare any dividends or make any distributions of any other kind; 
(g) 
issue any further shares; 
(h) 
commingle its assets with the assets of any other person or entity; 
(i) 
in respect of any Series of Notes, enter into any cross default or cross collateralisation 
arrangements referencing any other Series of Notes; 
(j) 
take any action which would lead to the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of, or the 
appointment of an examiner to, itself or to the amendment of its constitutional documents; 
(k) 
acquire, directly or indirectly, the obligations of any of its shareholders; 
(l) 
in the case of Notes that are rated, subject to such requirements (if any) as are specified in the 
Issue Deed of notification to and confirmation from the Rating Agency or Rating Agencies (if 
any) specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, consolidate or merge 
with any other person, or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entirety 
to any person; 
(m) 
acquire any assets other than "financial assets" within the meaning of section 110 of the Irish 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997; or 
(n) 
perform such other activities as are expressly restricted in the Issue Deed.  
19. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or any 
of the provisions of the Transaction Documents. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not

--- Page 118 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
118 
 
 
less than one-tenth in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Meetings of the Noteholders (and any adjourned meeting) can be held in person 
as specified, in respect of such meeting, by the Issuer. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 50 per cent. in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or in relation to a special quorum resolution shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. At any adjourned such meeting the quorum shall be one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Notes so held or represented, except in the case of special quorum resolutions whereby the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than not less than one-
third in Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
An Extraordinary Resolution may be passed (A) in the form of a written resolution (as 
described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) or (B) where the Notes are held by or on behalf of 
a clearing system or clearing systems, by approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures. A 
written resolution referred to in (A) above may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. A 
written resolution and/or electronic consent referred to in (A) and (B) will be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they participated in such written resolution or electronic consent.  
Where electronic consents are not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
written resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (I) by accountholders in the clearing 
system(s) with entitlements relating to the relevant Note and/or (II) where the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, 
in the case of (I) above, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in the case of (II) above 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system. 
Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders 
even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by 
the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not 
authentic.  
The Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders (but, in the case of Notes which are 
rated, with prior notification to the relevant Rating Agency) agree to any modification of the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or any other Transaction Document which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error. No such 
modification shall be effective without the consent of the Counterparty (such consent not to 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall, without 
any such consent from the Noteholders as aforesaid, agree to make any modification (whether 
or not it may be materially prejudicial to the Noteholders) requested by the Dealer(s) in respect 
of the Notes if, and to the extent that, such modification is to correct an error in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, arising from a discrepancy between the Final Terms or

--- Page 119 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
119 
 
 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the final termsheet, as certified by the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Issuer and the Counterparty. Any modification made pursuant to the provisions 
of this paragraph shall be binding on all Noteholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
Subject to the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the Issuer shall only be 
entitled to exercise any rights in its capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to 
or participating in the Underlying Assets in a manner directed by the Instructing Creditor (if 
the Instructing Creditor is the Noteholders, by the holders of more than 20 per cent. of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes then outstanding or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of such Noteholders). If the Instructing Creditor direct the Issuer to exercise any 
rights in its capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to or participating in the 
Underlying Assets, the Issuer will act only in accordance with such directions.   
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents and the Custodian shall not be required to consent to 
any such variation or amendment if it would result in more onerous obligations, duties or 
liabilities being imposed on the Agents and the Custodian, or if such variation or amendment 
would reduce the Agents’ and the Custodian’s rights or protections.  
20. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders (but 
subject to the consent of the Counterparty (if any) and subject to Rating Agency Confirmation 
in the case of (a) below), to create and issue further notes either: 
(a) 
so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes (such further Notes, the 
"Further Fungible Notes"), provided that the Issuer provides additional Underlying Assets 
as security for the original issue of Notes and any Further Fungible Notes either on a Nominal 
Basis or a Market Value Basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, and enters into an additional or supplemental Charged Agreement(s) (if applicable) 
(and references to "Notes", "Underlying Assets", "Charged Agreements" and "Transaction 
Documents" shall thereafter be deemed to be references to the terms of the original Notes and 
Transaction Documents as amended to take into account the further issue); or 
(b) 
to form a separate Series from the Notes upon such terms as to security (if applicable), interest, 
premium, redemption and otherwise as the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at the time of 
the issue thereof determine provided that such further notes are supported by and/or secured 
on assets other than the Underlying Assets relating to the existing Notes and on terms in 
substantially the form of these Conditions which provide for the extinguishment of all claims 
in respect of such further Notes after application of the sums received or recovered from time 
to time from the relevant Underlying Property. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of 
any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Issue Deed, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by English law.

--- Page 120 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
BEARER NOTES BASE CONDITIONS MODULE – FISCAL AGENCY SERIES 
 
 
120 
 
 
23. 
JURISDICTION 
The Issuer has irrevocably agreed for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection therewith (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination 
of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with them) or 
the consequences of their nullity (together referred to as "Proceedings") may be brought in 
such courts. 
The Issuer has irrevocably waived any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum or that any other courts are more 
appropriate or convenient. The Issuer has further irrevocably agreed that a judgment in any 
Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer 
and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has in the Issue Deed appointed an agent in London for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings. 
24. 
DEFINITIONS 
Capitalised terms used in these Conditions have the meanings given to them in the Definitions 
Module as modified and supplemented by the relevant Issue Deed and/or Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
25. 
ADJUSTMENTS BY THE CALCULATION AGENT 
If the Issuer adheres to any protocol published by ISDA after the Issue Date (the "Protocol"), 
or any other event occurs which affects the terms of the Charged Agreement, then the 
Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer may adjust such terms of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes as it deems appropriate to reflect some or all of the provisions of such Protocol 
taking into account the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes. Nothing in this 
Condition 25 should be taken as requiring the Issuer to follow the terms of any Protocol.

--- Page 121 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
121 
 
 
 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
NOVEMBER 2022 EDITION 
to be incorporated by reference into the Trust Instrument or Issue Deed as applicable 
for an issue of Notes arranged by 
UNICREDIT BANK AG

--- Page 122 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
122 
 
 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
This Registered Notes Conditions Module modifies and supplements the basic terms and 
conditions for Notes governed by English law as set out in Part A (if the relevant Series of Notes 
is a Trustee Series) or Part B (if the relevant Series of Notes is a Fiscal Agency Series) of the Bearer 
Notes Base Conditions Module and will apply in respect of all Series of Notes issued in registered 
form. Other Conditions Modules will apply in addition, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. The terms and conditions contained in this Registered Notes 
Conditions Module may be modified by the terms and conditions set out in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of a Series of Notes. 
All references to "Bearer Notes" in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module will, where the context 
so requires, be deemed to be references to "Registered Notes". 
All references to "Principal Paying Agent", "Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent" in the Bearer Notes 
Base Conditions Module will, where the context so requires, be deemed to include the "Registrar". 
Condition 1 as set out in Part A or Part B (as applicable) of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module 
will not apply and the following Conditions 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3 shall be substituted therefor. 
1.1 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and integral multiples thereof. 
Title to Registered Notes will pass by transfer and registration in accordance with 
Condition 1.3 (Transfer of Registered Notes) and in accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Instrument and the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
Registered Notes will be represented by a Global Certificate deposited with a 
Common Depositary and registered in the name of a nominee of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or by Individual Certificates. Prior to the expiry of the 
Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial interests in a Global Certificate may not 
be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be 
held otherwise than through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(c) 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Certificate will be able to exchange or 
transfer that interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of the 
Clearing Systems and in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Global 
Certificate. 
(d) 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Certificate held by a 
Common Depositary, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
the Clearing Systems as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal, premium (if any) or interest on such Notes. 
With respect to such payment, such Common Depositary or its nominee shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificate. Any certificate or other 
document issued by the Clearing Systems as to the nominal amount of Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error. In respect of a Trustee Series, in determining 
whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such

--- Page 123 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
123 
 
 
evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
(e) 
Subject to paragraph (d) above, the Issuer, the Counterparty, the Trustee (in respect 
of a Trustee Series) and the Agents may deem and treat the person or persons in 
whose name(s) a Registered Note is registered as the absolute owner(s) of such Note 
for all purposes. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required 
by applicable law, the Issuer, the Counterparty, the Trustee and the Agents shall not 
be affected by any notice to the contrary, whether or not the Note shall be overdue 
and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon. All 
payments made to any such person shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so 
paid, effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for the moneys payable upon such 
Notes. 
(f) 
The Issuer may (at the Issuer's own expense) seek proof of the identity of a registered 
holder (or a proposed registered holder) of Registered Notes if the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion, deems it appropriate to do so. 
1.2 
REGISTRATION 
The Issuer will cause the Register to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar for the time 
being. The Issuer will procure that, as soon as practicable after the Issue Date, the Register is 
duly made up in respect of the subscribers of the Registered Notes and, if such Registered 
Notes are represented by Individual Certificates, Individual Certificates for the Registered 
Notes will be despatched. 
The Issuer has initially appointed the person named as Registrar in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, acting through its specified office set out in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The Issuer may also appoint one or more Transfer Agents 
for the purpose of facilitating exchanges of Notes, in which case references in the following 
provisions of this Condition and in Conditions 1.3 (Transfer of Registered Notes) to the 
Registrar shall include, where the context so permits, references to such Transfer Agent(s). 
The Issuer reserves the right (in respect of a Trustee Series with the approval of the Trustee) 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Registrar and to appoint another or a 
further Registrar, provided that there will at all times be a Registrar (and in respect of a 
Trustee Series there will at all time be a Registrar with a specified office in such place as the 
Trustee may approve). Any variation or termination of appointment shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency of the Registrar, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not more than 60 nor less than 45 days' notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and any change in the Specified Office 
of the Registrar shall also be promptly so notified. 
1.3 
TRANSFER OF REGISTERED NOTES 
Registered Notes may, subject to Condition 1.1(c) (Form, Denomination and Title) and to the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument and of the Agency Agreement, be transferred by the 
registered holder free of and without regard to any set-off, counterclaim or equity between the 
Issuer and the first or any subsequent registered holder of such Notes, in whole or in part (being 
the Specified Denomination(s) of the Notes given in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, or an integral multiple thereof), by delivery of the relevant Individual Certificate 
or Certificates to the Registrar at its specified office together with the form of transfer in 
writing duly completed and signed and upon compliance with such transfer restrictions which 
may be set out on the legend and such other reasonable requirements as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may prescribe, without service charge but upon payment of any taxes, duties and 
other governmental charges in respect of such transfer.

--- Page 124 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
124 
 
 
No transfer of a Registered Note shall be recognised by the Issuer unless entered on the 
Register. In no event may the Registrar register the transfer of a Registered Note in violation 
of the restrictive legend (if any) set out on the face of such Note. A Registered Note may be 
registered only in the name of, and transferred only to, a named person (or persons, not 
exceeding four in number) and the Registrar will not accept transfers of Registered Notes to 
"bearer". 
The Registrar will within 14 days of any duly made request to register the transfer of a 
Registered Note enter the transferee in the Register and authenticate and deliver an Individual 
Certificate to the transferee (and, in the case of transfer of part only of a Registered Note, an 
Individual Certificate for the untransferred balance to the transferor), at the specified office of 
the Registrar, or (at the risk and, if mailed at the request of the transferee or, as appropriate, 
transferor otherwise than by ordinary uninsured mail, expense of the transferee or, as 
appropriate, transferor) mail the Individual Certificate to such address, subject to the 
restrictions (if any) specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the 
transferee (or, as appropriate, the transferor) may request or, alternatively, in the case of 
transfers effected through the Stock Exchange (if any) on which the Issuer has agreed to 
maintain a listing of the Notes or any other recognised stock exchange or similar market 
approved by the Issuer, will deliver the Individual Certificate in accordance with the normal 
procedures and systems of such exchange or market.  
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption), neither the 
Issuer nor the Registrar will be required: 
(i) 
to register the transfer of interests in a Global Certificate (or part of a Global 
Certificate) for interests in another Global Certificate and interests in a Global 
Certificate for Individual Certificates and vice versa during the period beginning on 
the 65th day before the date of the partial redemption and ending on the day on which 
notice is given specifying the serial numbers of Notes called (in whole or in part) for 
redemption (both inclusive); or 
(ii) 
to register the transfer of any Registered Note (or part of a Registered Note) called 
for partial redemption. 
Each U.S. person to whom a beneficial interest in any Registered Notes shall have been 
transferred but who does not in connection with such transfer become identified as a registered 
holder of such Registered Notes in the Register shall promptly notify the Issuer in writing of 
such transfer, stating the amount of beneficial interest in the Registered Notes transferred, the 
date of transfer and the name and address of such U.S. person. 
In respect of a Trustee Series, Condition 9 as set out in Part A (Trustee Series) of the Bearer Notes 
Base Conditions Module will not apply and the following Condition 9 shall be substituted therefor. 
9. 
PURCHASE 
(a) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, provided 
that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to receipt by the Issuer of 
an amount (whether by sale of the Charged Assets (or, in the case of a purchase of some only 
of the Notes, by sale of a proportion of the Charged Assets whose par value corresponds to the 
par value of the Notes to be purchased) or otherwise) which, plus or minus any termination 
payment payable to or by the Issuer from or to the Counterparty on the termination (or, as the 
case may be, partial termination) of any Charged Agreement(s), is sufficient to fund the 
purchase price of the Notes payable by the Issuer, the Issuer may purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. 
(b) 
On any such purchase the Charged Agreements (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the Notes to be purchased) will be terminated. The Trust Instrument provides

--- Page 125 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
125 
 
 
that the Security Interests over the Charged Assets (or a proportionate part thereof) will be 
released against receipt by the Trustee of the net proceeds of the realisation of such Charged 
Assets. 
(c) 
No interest will be payable with respect to a Note purchased in respect of the period from the 
Issue Date or the previous Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, to the date of such 
purchase. 
(d) 
In the case of purchase of part only of a Registered Note, the Registrar shall deliver, mutatis 
mutandis in accordance with Condition 1.3 (Transfer of Registered Notes), an Individual 
Certificate for the unpurchased balance to the relevant seller of such Notes. 
(e) 
If, pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, the Counterparty directs the Issuer to purchase an amount 
of Notes, the Issuer will, on the Redemption Purchase Date (as such term is defined in the 
Hedge Agreement) or such other date determined pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, redeem 
such Notes and in exchange deliver to the Counterparty a principal amount of the Charged 
Assets that corresponds to the principal amount of Notes being redeemed, in accordance with 
the Hedge Agreement, and Conditions 9(b), (c) and (d) above shall apply. If there is any 
discrepancy between this Condition 9 and the Hedge Agreement, the provisions of the Hedge 
Agreement shall prevail. 
In respect of a Fiscal Agency Series, Condition 9 as set out in Part B (Fiscal Agency Series) of the 
Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module will not apply and the following Condition 9 shall be 
substituted therefor. 
9. 
PURCHASE 
(a) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, provided 
that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to receipt by the Issuer of 
an amount (whether by sale of the Underlying Assets (or, in the case of a purchase of some 
only of the Notes, by sale of a proportion of the Underlying Assets whose par value 
corresponds to the par value of the Notes to be purchased) or otherwise) which, plus or minus 
any termination payment payable to or by the Issuer from or to the Counterparty on the 
termination (or, as the case may be, partial termination) of any Hedge Agreement(s), is 
sufficient to fund the purchase price of the Notes payable by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(b) 
On any such purchase the Hedge Agreements (or a proportionate part thereof which 
corresponds to the Notes to be purchased) will be terminated and, in respect of a Secured 
Series, any Charging Document will provide that the Security Interests over the Underlying 
Asset (or a proportionate part thereof) will be released against receipt by the Trustee of the net 
proceeds of the realisation of such Underlying Assets. 
(c) 
No interest will be payable with respect to a Note purchased in respect of the period from the 
Issue Date or the previous Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, to the date of such 
purchase. 
(d) 
In the case of purchase of part only of a Registered Note, the Registrar shall deliver, mutatis 
mutandis in accordance with Condition 1.3 (Transfer of Registered Notes), an Individual 
Certificate for the unpurchased balance to the relevant seller of such Notes. 
(e) 
If, pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, the Counterparty directs the Issuer to purchase an amount 
of Notes, the Issuer will, on the Redemption Purchase Date (as such term is defined in the 
Hedge Agreement) or such other date determined pursuant to the Hedge Agreement, redeem 
such Notes and in exchange deliver to the Counterparty a principal amount of the Underlying 
Assets that corresponds to the principal amount of Notes being redeemed, in accordance with 
the Hedge Agreement, and Conditions 9(b), (c) and (d) above shall apply. If there is any

--- Page 126 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
126 
 
 
discrepancy between this Condition 9 and the Hedge Agreement, the provisions of the Hedge 
Agreement shall prevail. 
Condition 10 as set out in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module will not apply and the following 
Condition 10 shall be substituted therefor. 
10. 
PAYMENTS 
All payments in respect of Registered Notes will be made in each case subject to such (if any) 
other provisions (including any requirements as to certification of ownership) as are set out 
herein or in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and to any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable in the place of payment. 
Payments of principal, premium (if any) and interest (if any) in respect of a Global Certificate 
will be made to the persons shown on the Register at the opening of business on the relevant 
Record Date. 
Subject as provided below, payments in respect of Global Certificates will be made by a 
cheque in the Currency of Issue drawn on a bank in the city specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the place of payment and mailed (at the risk and, if 
mailed at the request of the Noteholder otherwise than by ordinary uninsured mail, expense of 
the Noteholder) on the relevant due date to the holder or to the first named of joint holders of 
such Registered Note at his registered address or in accordance with mandate instructions 
acceptable to the Principal Paying Agent (in respect of a Trustee Series) or the Fiscal Agent 
(in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series). Notwithstanding the foregoing, all amounts payable to 
the Clearing Systems or their respective nominees as registered holder of a Global Certificate 
shall be paid by transfer by the Principal Paying Agent (in respect of a Trustee Series) or the 
Fiscal Agent (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) to such account in the Currency of Issue as 
the Clearing Systems or their respective nominees may specify for payment in the Currency 
of Issue or conversion into U.S. dollars (such conversion being effected as specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) as the case may be. 
If and for so long as Registered Notes are represented by a Global Certificate, each of the 
persons shown in the records of the Clearing Systems as the holder of a Registered Note must 
look solely to such Clearing Systems for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to 
the bearer of the Global Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due on the Registered Notes for so long as such Global 
Certificate is outstanding and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder 
of such Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
(b) 
If the due date for payment of any amount of principal, premium (if any) or, if applicable, 
interest in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder of such Note shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. If a Note is 
presented for payment at a time when, as a result of differences in time zones, it is not 
practicable to transfer the relevant amount to an account for value on the date of presentation, 
the Issuer shall not be obliged so to do but shall be obliged to transfer the relevant amount to 
such account for value on the first practicable date after the date of presentation. 
(c) 
Subject as provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to 
payment: 
(i) 
payments in a Currency of Issue other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Currency of Issue (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Currency of

--- Page 127 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
127 
 
 
Issue drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Currency of Issue (which, if the Currency of Issue is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at 
the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable to 
such payments in the place of payment. 
Condition 13 as set out in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module will not apply and the following 
Condition 13 shall be substituted therefor. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation to pay principal (and premium, if any) on a 
Registered Note to the extent that the relevant Individual Certificate or Global Certificate has 
not been presented to the Registrar by, or a cheque which has been duly despatched in the 
Currency of Issue remains uncashed at, the end of the period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date in respect of such payment. The Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation to pay 
interest on a Registered Note to the extent that a cheque which has been duly despatched in 
the Currency of Issue remains uncashed at, or (in the case of Registered Notes represented by 
a Global Certificate) the Global Certificate has not been presented to the Registrar by, the end 
of the period of five years from the Relevant Date in respect of such payment. 
For this purpose, the Relevant Date means the date on which the payment in respect of the 
Note first becomes due and payable. However, if the full amount of the moneys payable on 
such date has not been received by the Fiscal Agent (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) or 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series) on or prior to such 
date, the Relevant Date means the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and 
notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
Condition 15 as set out in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module will not apply and the following 
Condition 15 shall be substituted therefor. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding Registered Notes will be valid if (i) published (A) in one leading London 
daily newspaper or, if this is not possible, in one other English language daily newspaper (in 
respect of a Trustee Series approved by the Trustee) with general circulation in Europe and 
(B) if and for so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
of that Stock Exchange so require, in one daily newspaper published in Luxembourg (in 
respect of a Trustee Series approved by the Trustee) or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, mailed 
to the holders at their respective addresses as shown in the Register and, if mailed, shall be 
deemed to have been served when, in the ordinary course of post, they would be received. 
All notices regarding Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be valid if published as 
described above or if delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be for communication by such Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any notice delivered to a 
Clearing System as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the day of such delivery. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed.

--- Page 128 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
REGISTERED NOTES CONDITIONS MODULE 
 
 
128 
 
 
Any notice published in a newspaper as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication or, if published in 2 newspapers, on the date of the first such publication in both 
newspapers. If publication is not practicable in any such newspaper as is mentioned above, 
notice will be valid if given in such other manner (and in respect of a Trustee Series shall be 
deemed to have been given on such date as the Trustee shall determine). 
Any of the aforementioned notices shall be in each instance, prepared by the Issuer and 
provided to the Principal Payment Agent for publication in the relevant manner.  
Condition 17 as set out in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module will not apply.

--- Page 129 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
129 
 
 
 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
NOVEMBER 2022 EDITION 
to be incorporated by reference into the Trust Instrument or Issue Deed as applicable 
for an issue of Notes arranged by 
UNICREDIT BANK AG

--- Page 130 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
130 
 
 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
The following capitalised terms used in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
and/or Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal 
Agency Series) in respect of a Series of Notes into which this General Definitions Module is 
incorporated shall have the meanings set out below, except where the context otherwise 
requires or as may be modified and/or supplemented by the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, and/or Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or Issue 
Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) in respect of such Notes: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended, 
updated and/or replaced as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes. 
"Additional Agreement" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, any agreements entered into 
by the Issuer other than the Trust Instrument, Issue Deed, Agency Agreement, Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, Hedge Agreement(s), Sale Agreement, Placing Agreement, Additional Charging 
Document (if any) or Charging Document (if any). 
"Additional Charging Document" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, any non-English 
law governed security document entered into by the Issuer for the purposes of granting security 
over or in respect of any part of the Secured Property for such Series. 
"Affiliate" has the meaning given to such term in the Hedge Agreement. 
"Agency Agreement" means, in relation to a Trustee Series, the agency agreement entered 
into by, among others, the relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents in respect of such Series 
by execution of the relevant Trust Instrument and into which the terms of the Agency Terms 
Module are incorporated by reference, as the same may be modified and supplemented by the 
Trust Instrument. 
"Agency Terms Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) containing the 
standard agency and custodian provisions for an issue of Notes. 
"Agent Bank" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity (if any) appointed as such 
under the Agency Agreement or the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Agents" means, in relation to a Series of Notes each of the agents of the Issuer appointed 
under the Agency Agreement or the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Custodian appointed 
under the Custody Agreement, each as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Alternative Investments" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer which has one or more Series of Notes outstanding issued 
prior to ___________________ 2021, any indebtedness in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised by the Issuer (other than in the form of Notes) on terms similar 
to the Notes (in particular as to limited recourse and extinguishment of claims), the 
terms of which may be governed by a law or laws other than English law, and 
includes, without limitation, loans, loan certificates, certificates and Schuldscheine; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of an Issuer which has no Series of Notes outstanding issued prior to 
_______________________ 2021, any indebtedness or other obligation of the Issuer 
(other than in the form of Notes) entered into on terms similar to the Notes (in 
particular as to limited recourse and extinguishment of claims), the terms of which

--- Page 131 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
131 
 
 
may be governed by a law or laws other than English law, and includes, without 
limitation, loans, loan certificates, certificates, derivatives and Schuldscheine. 
"Appointee" means any attorney, manager, agent, delegate, receiver or other person appointed 
by the Trustee or by another Appointee under the Trust Instrument. 
"Arranger" means UniCredit Bank AG. 
"Auditors" means, in relation to an Issuer, the auditors (if any) for the time being of such 
Issuer or, in the event of their being unable or unwilling promptly to carry out any action 
requested of them pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Instrument, such other firm of 
accountants as may be nominated or approved by the Trustee. 
"Bearer Global Note" means a Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note, as the context may require. 
"Bearer Notes" means those Notes which are for the time being in bearer form. 
"Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) 
containing the base conditions for an issue of Bearer Notes. 
"Benchmark" means respect to a Series, any benchmark, interest rate (including any 
Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option), index or price source which is relevant to (i) a 
payment on the Notes of such Series by the Issuer; and/or (ii) the Underlying Assets.  
"Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(a) 
there has been (i) a material change in the methodology or formula for the determination 
of the Benchmark or (ii) a permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the 
provision of the Benchmark or it becomes likely that such cancellation or cessation will 
occur;  
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or any other Transaction Party is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or  
(b) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in 
the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, 
where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Swap Counterparty, or any other Transaction 
Party is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect 
of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is 
revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
"Benchmark Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j) (Additional 
provisions relating to Benchmark Events).  
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Dublin, and London

--- Page 132 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
132 
 
 
and any Additional Business Centre specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to interest payable in a Currency of Issue other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Currency of Issue (if other than Dublin, London and any Additional Business Centre 
and which, if the Currency of Issue is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the Target System is open. 
"Business Day Convention" means one of the following, as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable: 
(a) 
"FRN Convention" means that, in any case where Specified Periods are specified 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the date subject to such 
convention (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which a date subject to such convention should occur, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (ii) if any date subject to such convention would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) such date subject to such convention shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent date subject to such 
convention shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable date subject to such convention occurred; or 
(b) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that, if any date subject to such 
convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, such date 
subject to such convention shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day; or 
(c) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that, if any date subject to 
such convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, such 
date subject to such convention shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date subject to such convention shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that, if any date subject to such 
convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, such date 
subject to such convention shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
"C Rules" means U.S. Treas. Reg. section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C). 
"Calculation Agent" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity (if any) appointed as 
such under the Agency Agreement or Fiscal Agency Agreement (as applicable) and as 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Cash Collateral" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, (a) the Price (as defined in the Sale 
Agreement) payable by the Issuer to the Vendor in respect of the sale of the Initial Underlying 
Assets multiplied by (b) the principal amount of the Initial Underlying Assets not delivered by 
the Vendor on the Maturity Date (or the date thereafter agreed by the Issuer and the Vendor) 
divided by the total principal amount of the Initial Underlying Assets specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 133 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
133 
 
 
"Cash Deposit Account" means, in relation to a Series of Notes and as further described in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the segregated account established in 
the name of the Issuer with Citibank N.A., London Branch or any of its affiliates. 
"Charged Agreement(s)" means, in respect of a Secured Series, the Hedge Agreement(s) for 
such Series. 
"Charged Assets" means, in respect of a Secured Series, the Series Assets for such Series. 
"Charged Assets Acceleration" has the meaning specified in Part A (Trustee Series) of the 
Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Charged Assets Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Part A (Trustee Series) of 
the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Charged Assets Issuer" has the meaning specified in Part A (Trustee Series) of the Bearer 
Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Charged Assets Repudiation/Moratorium" has the meaning specified in Part A (Trustee 
Series) of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Charged Assets Restructuring" has the meaning specified in Part A (Trustee Series) of the 
Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Charged Rights" means, in respect of each Secured Series, any and all other assets and/or 
rights of the Issuer (other than the Charged Assets) which are attributed to such Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable), including the 
rights of the Issuer under any Charged Agreement entered into in connection with that Series.  
Such Charged Rights shall be subject to the Security granted in respect of such Series and 
therefore shall form part of the Secured Property. 
"Charging Document" means in relation to a Fiscal Agency Series which is a Secured Series, 
the security document entered into by the Issuer in favour of the person(s) specified therein 
for the purposes of granting security over or in respect of any part of the Secured Property for 
such Series. 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the 
relevant Global Certificate is being held is open for business. 
"Clearing Systems" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, any of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any additional or alternative clearing system or clearing systems as specified 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, being a recognised clearing system 
for the purposes of Section 64 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme. 
"Common Depositary" means a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(a) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; 
provided that:

--- Page 134 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
134 
 
 
(b) 
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Compounded 
SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above, then the rate, or methodology 
for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Conditions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the provisions of the Conditions Modules 
incorporated by reference into the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
as the same may be modified and/or supplemented by such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
"Conditions Modules" means the modules containing terms and conditions which will apply 
to a Series of Notes to the extent incorporated into the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, (including, without limitation, the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module, the 
Registered Notes Conditions Module, the Fiscal Agency Terms Module, the Swap Schedule 
Terms Module, the Trust Terms Module, the Sale Agreement Terms Module, the Deed of 
Covenant Terms Module and/or such other modules as may be proposed from time to time by 
UniCredit Bank AG as Arranger). 
"Consenting Holders" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Counterparty" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity or entities designated as the 
counterparty or counterparties in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
"Counterparty Account" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the account of the 
Counterparty from time to time designated for such purpose. 
"Counterparty Priority Basis" means first, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty (or if 
more than one Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be met on the basis as 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) under the Hedge 
Agreement(s) and, thereafter, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders on a pari passu and 
pro rata basis. 
"Couponholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of the 
Coupons. 
"Coupons" means the bearer interest coupons appertaining to the Bearer Notes in definitive 
form (other than in the case of Zero-Coupon Notes) or, as the context may require, a specific 
number thereof and includes any replacements for Coupons issued pursuant to Condition 14 
(Replacement of Notes) and, where the context so permits, the Talons. 
"Credit Support Annex" means (i) any credit support annex to any Hedge Agreement entered 
into with respect to any Series of Notes, or (ii) any 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer - 
English Law) entered into by the Issuer and the Counterparty by the execution of the relevant 
Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency 
Series) into which the Credit Support Annex Terms Module has been incorporated. 
"Credit Support Annex Terms Module" means the module containing the standard terms of 
a 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer - English Law) in relation to a Series of Notes. 
"Currency of Issue" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the currency in which the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, of such Notes specify that the principal, premium 
(if any) and/or interest, if any, and all other amounts are payable by the Issuer. 
"Custodian" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity (if any) appointed as such under 
the Custody Agreement and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as

--- Page 135 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
135 
 
 
applicable, and, if applicable, any sub-custodian of, or any other entity appointed by, the 
Custodian. 
"Custodian Account" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the account designated as the 
Custodian Account in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
“Custody Agreement” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the custody agreement entered 
into in respect of such Series by execution of the Trust Instrument or Issue Deed (as applicable) 
and into which the terms of the Custody Terms Module are incorporated by reference, as the 
same may be modified and supplemented by the Trust Instrument or Issue Deed (as 
applicable).  
"Custody Terms Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) containing the 
standard custodian provisions for an issue of Notes. 
"D Rules" means U.S. Treas. Reg. section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D). 
"Dealer" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity or entities designated as dealer in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Debt Investments" means the Notes and/or Alternative Investments that may be issued by, 
or entered into by, an Issuer pursuant to the Programme. 
"Deed of Covenant" means, in relation to a Fiscal Agency Series, the deed of covenant entered 
into by the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series by execution of the relevant Issue Deed 
and into which the terms of the Deed of Covenant Module are incorporated by reference, as 
the same may be modified and supplemented by the Issue Deed. 
"Deed of Covenant Module" means the deed of covenant module (November 2022 Edition) 
containing the standard provisions in respect of the deed of covenant to be entered into by the 
Issuer.  
"Definitions Modules" means the General Definitions Module and/or such other modules as 
may be proposed by UniCredit Bank AG as the arranger from time to time. 
"Determination Date" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the dates as set out in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, if applicable. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date). 
"Designated Counterparty" means the party specified as such in the applicable Issuance 
Document or, if no party is so specified, the Swap Counterparty. 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period commencing on the later of the first 
date the Notes are offered to the public or the settlement date for the Notes, and ending on the 
day that is 40 calendar days thereafter, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, 
in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Realisation Amount 
available for distribution to the Noteholders in accordance with the relevant Priority Ranking 
Basis, as apportioned pro rata amongst all the Notes or as may otherwise be specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 136 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
136 
 
 
"Eligible Assets" means cash deposits or any debt securities that meet the following criteria: 
(a) 
of any Group of 7 country (or any country that becomes a member of the Group of 
7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership); 
(b) 
which have the same credit rating as the Initial Underlying Assets at the Issue Date 
or better; 
(c) 
which are non-amortising; and 
(d) 
such other criteria (if any) specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Eligible Investments" means securities or other assets of the type or types specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
References to "euro" and "EUR" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System. 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as the Euronext Dublin. 
"Event of Default" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, any of the conditions, events 
or acts provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) to be events upon the occurrence of which 
the Notes of such Series would, subject only to notice by the relevant Trustee (in respect of a 
Trustee Series) or a Noteholder (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) as therein provided, 
become immediately due and repayable. 
"Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
"Exchange Date" means, where applicable, the date which is 40 days after the date on which 
the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued. 
"Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business or the Issuer has been 
notified of such closure of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and no successor clearing 
system is available or (iii) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Counterparty has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by Bearer Notes in definitive form. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning set out in (i) paragraph 20 of the Third Schedule 
to the Trust Terms Module (in respect of a Trustee Series); or (ii) paragraph 20 of the Third 
Schedule to the Fiscal Agency Terms Module (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series). 
 "Final Redemption Amount" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Final Redemption 
Amount set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Fiscal Agency Agreement" means, in relation to a Fiscal Agency Series, the fiscal agency 
agreement entered into by, among others, the relevant Issuer and the Agents in respect of such 
Series by execution of the relevant Issue Deed and into which the terms of the Fiscal Agency 
Terms Module are incorporated by reference, as the same may be modified and supplemented 
by such Issue Deed.

--- Page 137 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
137 
 
 
"Fiscal Agency Terms Module" means the fiscal agency terms module (November 2022 
Edition) containing the standard agency and custodian provisions for an issue of Notes which 
is a Fiscal Agency Series.  
"Fiscal Agency Series" means a Series of Notes in respect of which the Fiscal Agent is 
appointed and in respect of which the Transaction Documents for such Series are constituted 
by an Issue Deed.  
"Fiscal Agent" means, in relation to a Fiscal Agency Series, the entity appointed as such under 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd. or any successor to the rating business thereof. 
"Fixed Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Fixed Interest Period: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISMA)" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the 
number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
"Fixed Interest Period" means, in relation to Fixed Rate Notes, the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
as specified in the applicable Issuance Document;

--- Page 138 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
138 
 
 
"Fixed Rate Notes" means an issue of Notes in respect of which interest accrues at a fixed 
rate as stated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, applicable to such Notes. 
"Floating Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-
day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to 
be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Interest 
Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
"Floating Rate Notes" means an issue of Notes in respect of which interest at a floating rate 
is determined in accordance with the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
relating to such Notes. 
"Floating Rate Option" means, in respect of a Series of Floating Rate Notes, the option 
(which may, but need not, be provided in the ISDA Definitions) which is specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to such Notes. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"Further Fungible Notes" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20 (Further Issues). 
"General Definitions Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) containing 
general definitions for an issue of Notes.

--- Page 139 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
139 
 
 
"Global Certificate" means a registered global note in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in (i) in respect of a Trustee Series, Part 3-A of the First Schedule to the Trust Terms 
Module with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Trustee and 
the Counterparty, comprising some or all of the Registered Notes of the same Series issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Instrument; or (i) in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series, Part 3-
A of the First Schedule to the Fiscal Agency Terms Module with such modifications (if any) 
as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Counterparty, comprising some 
or all of the Registered Notes of the same Series issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Issue 
Deed. 
"Global Note" means a Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note and/or a Global Certificate, as the context may require. 
"Governmental Authority" has the meaning given to it in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions 
Module. 
"Group of 7" means the forum that is comprised of the governments of Canada, France, 
Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States (as such forum expands or 
contracts its membership from time to time). 
"Hedge Agreement" means the relevant Swap Agreement and any other hedging agreement 
entered into in respect of a Series of Notes.  
"Indexed Interest Notes" means an issue of Notes in respect of which the amount payable in 
respect of interest is calculated by reference to an index and/or a formula in accordance with 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Individual Certificates" means Registered Notes issued in physical definitive form and 
registered in the name of the holder thereof. 
"Initial Charged Assets" means the initial Charged Assets for a Secured Series as specified 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Initial Tranche" means, if the Notes of a Series are, in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) 
relating to such Series, to be issued in tranches, the initial tranche specified in the Trust 
Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) 
in respect of that Series. 
"Initial Series Assets" means the initial Series Assets for an Unsecured Series as specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Initial Underlying Assets" means (i) in respect of a Secured Series, the Initial Charged 
Assets; and (ii) in respect of an Unsecured Series, the Initial Series Assets. 
"Instructing Creditor" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, either: (a) the Counterparty 
only; or (b) the Noteholders only, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. Where the Instructing Creditor is the Noteholders, the Instructing Creditor may 
(where specified) request the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series) or the Issuer to take 
actions pursuant to the Conditions by means of a request in writing of the holders of at least 
1/5 of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes of such Series then 
outstanding or by means of an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders. 
"Interest Amount" has the meaning set out in Condition 7(b)(iv) (Types of Notes - Floating 
Rate Notes and Indexed Interest Notes).

--- Page 140 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
140 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the date(s) set out in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable. 
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning set out in Condition 7(b)(iv) (Types of Notes - 
Floating Rate Notes and Indexed Interest Notes). 
"Interest Period" has the meaning set out in Condition 7(b)(i) (Types of Notes - Floating Rate 
Notes and Indexed Interest Notes). 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Benchmark for the 
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding 
Tenor and (b) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) 
that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement published on 
19 September 2018 (as may be amended and/or updated from time to time).  
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or such other definitions as may be 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the ISDA Definitions. 
"Issue Date" means, in relation to a Tranche of Notes, the date specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to such Notes as such, being the date on which 
such Notes are constituted. 
"Issue Deed" means, in respect of a Tranche of Notes of a Fiscal Agency Series, a instrument 
dated the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes and made between, among others, the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent for the purposes of constituting the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents for such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, the Final Terms (or where a series is to be listed on a regulated market 
(as defined under Directive 2003/71/EC), the series prospectus filed with the relevant 
competent authority under Directive 2003/71/EC) in relation to a Series of Notes or 
Alternative Investments and in the case of a Series of Notes, the Final Terms set out in the 
Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or the Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal 
Agency Series) relating to such Notes, including the terms of the Conditions Modules and 
Definitions Modules incorporated by reference, as the same may be modified and/or 
supplemented. 
References to "Japanese Yen", "Yen" and "¥" are to the lawful currency of Japan. 
"Liability" means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, 
duties, levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
"Liquidation Assets" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Liquidation Proceeds" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Luxembourg Stock Exchange" means The Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
"Mandatory Reference Rate Event" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the

--- Page 141 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
141 
 
 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that (A) the regulatory supervisor 
has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that 
such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be 
restored and (B) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication 
will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts.  
"Margin" means, in relation to a Series of Floating Rate Notes, the margin (if any) set out in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Market Value Basis" means: 
(i) 
in the case of substitution of Underlying Assets, the assets required to be provided 
by the Issuer shall be equal to the Market Value of the then subsisting Underlying 
Assets on the date on which notice is given of any such substitution in accordance 
with the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. For these purposes, 
"Market Value" shall mean the firm bid price obtained by the Calculation Agent 
from three dealers (one of whom may be the Counterparty) in such assets as it may 
in its discretion select (or, if more than one, the arithmetical average of such prices, 
disregarding the highest and lowest quotes) or, if less than two such bid prices are 
quoted by or available to such Calculation Agent, it shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in such other manner as it shall determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the issue of Further Fungible Notes, the additional assets required to 
be provided by the Issuer in respect of the Further Fungible Notes shall be calculated 
in accordance with a formula that takes into account the Market Value of the 
Underlying Assets and the replacement costs of the Hedge Agreement(s), if any, all 
as more fully described in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Maturing Charged Assets" has the meaning specified in Part A of the Bearer Conditions 
Module. 
"Maturing Underlying Assets" has the meaning specified in Part B of the Bearer Conditions 
Module. 
"Maturity Date" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the final date on which the Notes are 
expressed to be redeemable as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, (which date may in certain circumstances be extended in accordance with the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable).

--- Page 142 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
142 
 
 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, if applicable, such rate as 
is specified as the Maximum Interest Rate in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, if applicable, such rate as 
is specified as the Minimum Interest Rate in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Inc. or any successor to the rating business 
thereof. 
"Nominal Basis" means: 
(i) 
in the case of substitution of Underlying Assets, the assets required to be provided 
by the Issuer shall be of a nominal amount equal to the nominal amount of the 
Underlying Assets being substituted; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the issue of Further Fungible Notes, the additional assets required to 
be provided by the Issuer shall be in a nominal amount which bears the same 
proportion to the nominal amount of the Further Fungible Notes as the proportion 
which the nominal amount of such assets forming part of the Underlying Assets for 
the existing Notes of such Series bears to the nominal amount thereof as at such date. 
"Note Creditors" has the meaning specified in Part B of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions 
Module. 
"Noteholder Priority Basis" means, first, in meeting claims of the Noteholders under the 
Notes on a pari passu and pro rata basis and, thereafter, in meeting the claims of the 
Counterparty (or if more than one Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be 
met on the basis as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) under 
the Hedge Agreement(s). 
"Noteholders" means the several persons who are for the time being holders of the Notes 
(being, in the case of Bearer Notes, the bearers thereof and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
the several persons whose names are entered in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
as the holders thereof) save that, in respect of the Notes of any Series, for so long as such Notes 
or any part thereof are represented by a Bearer Global Note deposited with a depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg each person who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of the Notes of such Issue shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes (and the holder of the relevant Global Note shall be deemed not to be the holder) 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, premium (if any) or interest 
(if any) on such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the relevant Issuer (and, 
in respect of a Trustee Series, the relevant Trustee), solely in such depositary and for which 
purpose such depositary or its nominee shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the 
Trust Instrument or Issue Deed and the expressions "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Notes" means the bonds, notes or other securities of a Series, howsoever described, 
constituted by the Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee Series) or created pursuant to the 
Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) and for the time being outstanding or, as the 
context may require, a specific number thereof, such Notes being denominated in the Currency 
of Issue and: 
(i) 
having such maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, and, in any case, such minimum or maximum maturity as may be

--- Page 143 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
143 
 
 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Currency of Issue; 
(ii) 
having such minimum denomination as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Currency of Issue; and 
(iii) 
if sold within the United States or to a U.S. person, having an a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$ 250,000 or greater, or the equivalent of such denomination 
in other Currencies of Issue; 
and reference to "Notes" shall be deemed to include Coupons in the case of Bearer Notes in 
definitive form and Further Fungible Notes unless the context otherwise requires. 
"Optional Call Redemption Amount" in relation to a Series of Notes shall have the meaning 
set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Optional Call Redemption Date" in relation to a Series of Notes shall have the meaning set 
out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Optional Put Redemption Amount" in relation to a Series of Notes shall have the meaning 
set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Optional Put Redemption Date" in relation to a Series of Notes shall have the meaning set 
out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, all the Notes of that Series issued (or, 
in the case of Partly Paid Notes, the paid up amount thereof) other than: 
(a) 
those Notes to the extent that they shall have been redeemed in part pursuant to the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
(b) 
those Notes which have been redeemed in full pursuant to the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
(c) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all premium (if any) and interest (if any) payable 
thereon) have been duly paid to the Trustee, the Registrar and/or the Principal Paying 
Agent or Fiscal Agent in the manner provided in the Agency Agreement or Fiscal 
Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and remain available for 
payment against presentation of the Notes; 
(d) 
those Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 
9 (Purchases); 
(e) 
those Notes in respect of which claims have become void under Condition 13 
(Prescription); 
(f) 
those mutilated or defaced Notes which have been surrendered and cancelled and in 
respect of which replacements have been issued pursuant to Condition 14 
(Replacement of Notes); 
(g) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the nominal amount of the Notes of that Series 
outstanding and without prejudice to the status for any other purpose of the Notes) 
those Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect

--- Page 144 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
144 
 
 
of which replacements have been issued pursuant to Condition 14 (Replacement of 
Notes); and 
(h) 
any Temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for 
definitive Bearer Notes or a Permanent Bearer Global Note and any Permanent 
Bearer Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for definitive 
Bearer Notes in each case pursuant to its provisions; and 
PROVIDED THAT for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(i) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or any of 
them; 
(ii) 
the determination of how many and which Notes are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 11 (Events of Default) and 12 
(Enforcement) and paragraphs 2, 5, 6 and 9 of the Third Schedule to the 
Trust Terms Module and of the Third Schedule to the Fiscal Agency Terms 
Module; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Trustee Series, any discretion, power or authority (whether 
contained in the Trust Instrument or vested by operation of law) which the 
Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference 
to the interests of the Noteholders or any of them; and 
(iv) 
the determination whether any event, circumstance, matter or thing is, in 
its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or any 
of them, 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer, the Counterparty, the Swap Guarantor (if any) or any Subsidiary 
of the Issuer, the Counterparty or the Swap Guarantor (if any) shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means in relation to a Note, the principal amount of such 
Note outstanding from time to time. 
"Pari Passu Basis" means, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders and the Counterparty (or 
if more than one Counterparty, the claims of all such Counterparties shall be met on the basis 
as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) under the Hedge 
Agreement(s), on a pari passu and pro rata basis. 
"Partly Paid Notes" means Notes which are issued on a partly paid basis. 
"Paying Agents" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entities (if any) appointed as such 
under the Agency Agreement and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, and includes, for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent (in respect of 
a Trustee Series) and the Fiscal Agent (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series). 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 13 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London; and

--- Page 145 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
145 
 
 
(C) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Currency of Issue other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Currency of Issue (if other than the place of presentation, London and any Additional 
Financial Centre and which if the Currency of Issue is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the Target System is open. 
"Permanent Bearer Global Note" means a permanent bearer global note in the form or 
substantially in the form set out in (i) in respect of a Trustee Series, Part 2 of the First Schedule 
to the Trust Terms Module with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Counterparty, comprising some or all of the Bearer Notes of the 
same Issue, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Instrument either on issue of the Notes 
or in exchange for the whole or part of the Temporary Bearer Global Note issued in respect of 
such Bearer Notes (all as indicated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable); 
or (ii) in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series, Part 2 of the First Schedule to the Fiscal Agency 
Terms Module with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Counterparty, comprising some or all of the Bearer Notes of the same Issue, 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Issue Deed either on issue of the Notes or in exchange for 
the whole or part of the Temporary Bearer Global Note issued in respect of such Bearer Notes 
(all as indicated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable). 
"Permitted Currency" shall have the meaning given to it in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions 
Module. 
"Placing Agreement" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the placing agreement entered 
into by the Issuer and the Dealer(s) in respect of such Series by execution of the relevant Trust 
Instrument or Issue Deed and into which the terms of the Placing Terms Module are 
incorporated by reference as the same may be modified and/or supplemented by the Trust 
Instrument or Issue Deed. 
"Placing Terms Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) containing the 
provisions relating to the purchase and/or placing of Notes. 
"Potential Event of Default" means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time 
and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of 
any similar condition, would constitute an Event of Default. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means, in relation to a Trustee Series, the entity appointed as such 
under the Agency Agreement and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
"Priority Ranking Basis" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5 (Application of 
Proceeds). 
"Programme" means the EUR10,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme of the Issuer. 
"Put Notices" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(e) (Redemption - Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders). 
"Rate of Interest" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Rate of Interest set out in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 146 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
146 
 
 
"Rating Agency" means, in relation to a Series of Notes that is rated, each rating agency 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Rating Agency Confirmation" means, in relation to a Series of Notes that is rated the 
notification of the relevant event specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, to the Rating Agency and confirmation from the Rating Agency that there has been 
no adverse change to the credit rating granted by such Rating Agency in respect of such Notes. 
"Realisation Amount" means (i) in respect of a Secured Series, the net proceeds of realisation 
of, or enforcement with respect to, the Security Interests over the Secured Property (following 
payment of all amounts due to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Selling Agent, including 
any costs, expenses and taxes incurred in connection with such realisation or enforcement); or 
(ii) in respect of an Unsecured Series, the net proceeds of realisation of the Series Property 
(following payment of all amounts due to the Selling Agent, including any costs, expenses and 
taxes incurred in connection with such realisation). 
"Record Date" means, (i) in relation to a payment in respect of Individual Certificates, the 
Business Day falling, or falling nearest to but before, 15 days prior to the date on which the 
relevant payment is due; or (ii) in relation to a payment in respect of a Global Certificate, the 
Clearing System Business Day before the date on which the relevant payment is due. 
"Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Reference Rate set out in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable. 
"Reference Rate Event" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent:  
(a) 
a Mandatory Reference Rate Event;  
(b) 
the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the calculation of the Reference 
Rate, or other means of calculating such Reference Rate, is materially changed or is 
reasonably likely to be changed;  
(c) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Reference Rate 
or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Reference Rate has not been or will not 
be, obtained has been, or will be rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or any other 
Transaction Party is not, will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under 
the Notes;  
(d) 
the Reference Rate has or will be, as a matter of law, regulation, market practice or 
the announcements of, or protocol published by, any industry body, and any 
committee sponsored by or constituted at the request of any supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
superseded or no longer the industry standard for transactions that would previously 
have referenced such Reference Rate;  
(e) 
the Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development (including, 
without limitation, in the form of a protocol published by International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.) and the Reference Rate is replaced with  an alternative 
(e.g. a near risk-free rate); or  
(f) 
any Relevant Screen Page or Reference Rate is not available at any relevant time for 
purposes of the Conditions and following the application of the provisions of

--- Page 147 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
147 
 
 
Condition 7(b(ii)(c) (Reference Rate Event) or 8(j) (Additional provisions relating 
to Benchmark Events), as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent does not 
calculate the relevant Reference Rate.  
"Reference Rate Redemption Event" shall occur if:  
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation Agent is, after 
using reasonable efforts to do so, unable to calculate the Replacement Reference 
Rate in accordance with Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Reference Rate Event) or is unable to 
propose to the Issuer amendments and/or adjustments to the terms of the Notes and 
any provisions of the Transaction Documents for the Issuer's consideration as 
contemplated in paragraph (i)(2) of Condition 7(b)(ii)(d) (Reference Rate Fallbacks), 
or any such proposal made by the Calculation Agent is not adopted by the Issuer; or  
(b) 
it (1) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (2) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Calculation Agent to 
perform the actions prescribed in Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Reference Rate Event) (or it 
would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time).  
"Register" means a register on which shall be entered the names and addresses of the 
subscribers of the Registered Notes or, as the case may be, of the latest transferees of the same 
notified to the Registrar in accordance with Condition 1.3 of the Registered Notes Conditions 
Module (Transfer of Registered Notes), together with the particulars of the Registered Notes 
held by them respectively and of all transfers of Registered Notes. 
"Registered Notes" means those of the Notes which are for the time being in registered form. 
"Registered Notes Conditions Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) 
containing the provisions relating to an issue of Registered Notes and provisions additional to 
or instead of provisions in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Registrar" means, in relation to a Series of Notes (being, or which are exchangeable for, 
Registered Notes), the entity appointed as such under the Agency Agreement or Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Relevant Rates Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes: 
(a) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Fixed Interest Rate; 
(b) 
each Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); or 
(c) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a "Relevant Rates 
Benchmark" in the applicable Issuance Document which is utilised in order to 
determine the Rate of Interest which is a "benchmark" for the purposes of either: (i) 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as may be amended 
from time to time, the "BMR") or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR"), 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (in respect of Indexed Interest Notes) or the 
Agent Bank (in respect of Floating Rate Notes). 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning set out in Condition 13 (Prescription).

--- Page 148 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
148 
 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Note, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the Reference Rate 
is most closely connected as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Nominating Body"means, in respect of a Replacement Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or  
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Benchmark is denominated;  
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark;  
(iii) 
a group of those central banks or other supervisors; or 
(iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, or, if none is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it 
is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency 
in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
"repay", "redeem" and "pay" shall each include both the others and cognate expressions shall 
be construed accordingly and shall (where the context so permits) be deemed to include 
references to delivery of the Underlying Assets in accordance with the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
"Replacement Adjustment Spread" means such adjustment percentage which may be 
positive, negative or zero which is required to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably 
practicable any transfer of economic value as between (i) the Issuer and Noteholders and (ii) 
the Issuer and any relevant Counterparty, that would otherwise arise as a result of the selection 
of a Specified Alternative Rate, Replacement Alternative Rate or Replacement Industry Rate, 
as applicable, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. Any such adjustment may take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Specified Alternative Rate, the Replacement 
Alternative Rate or the Replacement Industry Rate, as applicable, by comparison to the 
original Reference Rate. Where available, the Calculation Agent may calculate the 
Replacement Adjustment Spread by reference to any spread or methodology for calculating a 
spread that has been formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the original Reference Rate. 
"Replacement Alternative Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any index, 
benchmark, rate or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by:  
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate, provided that such index, 
benchmark, rate or other price source is substantially the same as that Reference 
Rate,

--- Page 149 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
149 
 
 
in each case, to replace the Reference Rate, as calculated by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
"Replacement Industry Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, reference rate 
or other price source which is recognised as being the industry standard replacement for over-
the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate (which recognition 
may be in the form of a press release, member announcement, member advice letter, protocol 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA), if any, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Calculation Agent upon the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event: 
(a) 
the sum of: (A) the Specified Alternative Rate plus (B) a Replacement Adjustment 
Spread;  
(b) 
if there is no Specified Alternative Rate or if such Specified Alternative Rate is not 
then available or appropriate in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the sum of: (A) a Replacement 
Alternative Rate plus (B) a Replacement Adjustment Spread;  
(c) 
if there is no Specified Alternative Rate and Replacement Alternative Rate, or if such 
rates are not then available or appropriate in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the sum of: 
(A) a Replacement Industry Rate plus (B) a Replacement Adjustment Spread. 
"Requesting Noteholder" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Required Minimum Noteholders" means Noteholders holding at least 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
"Restructure Documents" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Rights" means, in relation to any agreement or asset, all rights, title and interest of the 
relevant person in, to and under such agreement or asset. 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, or any successor to the rating 
business thereof. 
"Sale Agreement" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the sale agreement entered into by 
the Issuer and the Vendor in respect of such Series by execution of the relevant Trust 
Instrument or Issue Deed pursuant to which the Issuer agrees to purchase the relevant Charged 
Assets and into which the terms of the Sale Agreement Terms Module are incorporated by 
reference, as the same may be modified and/or supplemented by the Trust Instrument or Issue 
Deed. 
"Sale Agreement Terms Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) containing 
the standard provisions of sale of the Charged Assets to the Issuer. 
"Sale Request" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Schuldscheine" means German transferable loan certificates or other like obligations. 
"Secured Creditors" has the meaning specified in Part B of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions 
Module.

--- Page 150 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
150 
 
 
"Secured Property" means, in relation to a Secured Series, the assets over which the Security 
Interests are created by the Issuer from time to time in relation to such Notes, including, as 
applicable, the Charged Assets and the Charged Rights under the Transaction Documents. 
"Secured Series" means a Series of Notes in respect of which security is granted over the 
Secured Property of such Series for the benefit of Noteholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Securities and Exchange Law" means the Securities and Exchange Law of Japan. 
"Security Documents" means, in relation to a Secured Series, the Trust Instrument and any 
Additional Charging Documents (in respect of a Trustee Series) or the Charging Document(s) 
(in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series). 
"Security Interests" means, in relation to a Secured Series, the security interests created, or 
intended to be created at any time under the Security Documents. 
"Selling Agent" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity (if any) appointed as such 
under the Agency Agreement or Fiscal Agency Agreement and as specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Series" means (a) a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for the respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices and initial Common Code and ISIN; or (b) a series of Alternative 
Investments. 
"Series Assets" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the benefits, interest, right and title in 
and to the bonds, notes, securities, cash deposits denominated in any currency, loans, 
Schuldscheine, equity interests (including shares and participating income notes), contractual 
or other rights (including, without limitation, with respect to sub-participations or swap, 
option, exchange and hedging arrangements (but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Hedge 
Agreements)), or other assets as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, and, where applicable, the instruments and other documents representing, 
evidencing, acknowledging and/or transferring or otherwise relating to the same. The term 
Series Assets shall include the Initial Series Assets and any substitute or replacement Series 
Assets. 
"Series Property" means, in relation to an Unsecured Series, the Series Assets and Series 
Rights for such Unsecured Series.  
"Series Rights" means, in respect of each Unsecured Series, any and all other assets and/or 
rights of the Issuer (other than the Series Assets) which are attributed to such Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable), including the 
rights of the Issuer under any agreement entered into in connection with that Series. No 
security interest will be granted over such Series Rights.  
"Shortfall Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b) (Redemption for taxation 
reasons). 
"Sovereign" shall have the meaning given to it in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Specified Alternative Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issuance 
Document.

--- Page 151 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
151 
 
 
"Specified Denomination" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the denomination(s) of the 
Notes as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Specified Interest Payment Date" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the interest 
payment dates specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as adjusted 
by the applicable Business Day Convention (if any). 
References to "Sterling", "Pounds Sterling", "Pounds" and "£" are to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom. 
"Stock Exchange" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, each stock exchange or securities 
market (if any) specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning give to it in the Bearer Notes Base Conditions 
Module. 
"Subsidiary" means any company which is for the time being a subsidiary (within the meaning 
of Section 736 of the Companies Act 1985 of Great Britain) or a subsidiary undertaking (within 
the meaning of Section 258 and Schedule 10A of the Companies Act 1985 of Great Britain). 
"Substitution Notice" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than the euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
the euro, means 1 cent. 
"successor" means any successor to any one or more persons appointed in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument or Issue Deed and/or such other or further persons appointed 
as such. 
"Swap Adjustment Cost" has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
"Swap Agreement" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, each interest rate and/or currency 
exchange and/or credit default swap agreement(s) or other hedging agreement(s) as evidenced 
by either (i) a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement or (ii) a German Standard Master Agreement, as 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and schedule thereto entered 
into by the relevant Issuer and the Counterparty by the execution of the relevant Trust 
Instrument (in respect of Trustee Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series) 
and into which the terms of the Swap Schedule Terms Module are incorporated by reference, 
as the same may be modified and supplemented by the Trust Instrument (in respect of a Trustee 
Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series), together with the confirmation 
entered into by the Issuer and the Counterparty, each dated the Issue Date. 
"Swap Mark-to-Market" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(i) (Redemption following 
Valuation Event). 
"Swap Schedule Terms Module" means the module containing the standard provisions of a 
swap schedule in relation to an issue of Notes as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
"Talons" means the talons (if any) appertaining to, and exchangeable in accordance with the 
provisions therein contained for further Coupons appertaining to, the Bearer Notes in 
definitive form of any Series (other than Zero-Coupon Notes) and includes any replacements 
for Talons issued pursuant to Condition 14 (Replacement of Notes).

--- Page 152 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
152 
 
 
"Target System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched 
on 19 November 2007. 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note" means a temporary bearer global note in the form or 
substantially in the form set out in (i) in respect of a Trustee Series, Part 1 of the First Schedule 
to the Trust Terms Module with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Counterparty, comprising some or all of the Notes of the same 
Series, issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Instrument; or (ii) in respect of a Fiscal 
Agency Series, Part 1 of the First Schedule to the Fiscal Agency Terms Module with such 
modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Counterparty, comprising some or all of the Notes of the same Series, issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Issue Deed. 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body;    
"Tranche" means, in relation to a Series of Notes which are, in accordance with the terms of 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to be issued in tranches, the Initial 
Tranche and any further tranches issued in accordance with the Conditions relating to that 
Series. 
"Transaction Documents" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Trust Instrument (in 
respect of a Trustee Series), the Issue Deed (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series), the Deed of 
Covenant (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series), the Agency Agreement (in respect of a 
Trustee Series), the Fiscal Agency Agreement (in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series), the 
Hedge Agreement(s), the Sale Agreement, the Placing Agreement, any Charging Document 
(in respect of a Fiscal Agency Series), the Additional Agreements and any Additional 
Charging Document (in respect of a Trustee Series), in each case entered into in relation to 
such Notes and all agreements incidental to the issue of such Notes. 
"Transaction Party" means each party to a Transaction Document other than the Issuer and 
any other person specified as a Transaction Party in the applicable Issuance Document. 
"Transfer Agents" means, in relation to a Series of Registered Notes, the entity or entities 
appointed as such under the Agency Agreement or Fiscal Agency Agreement and as specified 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Trust Instrument" means, in respect of a Tranche of Notes of a Trustee Series, a trust 
instrument dated the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes and made between, among others, 
the Issuer and the Trustee. 
"Trust Terms Module" means the module (November 2022 Edition) containing the trust 
terms constituting and/or securing the Notes in respect of Trustee Series. 
"Trustee" means, in relation to a Trustee Series, the entity designated as the trustee in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Trustee Series" means a Series of Notes in respect of which the Trustee is appointed and in 
respect of which the Transaction Documents for such Series are constituted by a Trust 
Instrument. 
"Underlying Assets" means (i) in respect of a Secured Series, the Charged Assets; and (ii) in 
respect of an Unsecured Series, the Series Assets.  
"Underlying Assets Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Part B (Fiscal Agency 
Series) of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module.

--- Page 153 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
153 
 
 
"Underlying Assets Issuer" means the issuer of the Underlying Assets. 
"Underlying Assets Repudiation/Moratorium" has the meaning specified in Part B (Fiscal 
Agency Series) of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Underlying Assets Restructuring" has the meaning specified in Part B (Fiscal Agency 
Series) of the Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module. 
"Underlying Property" means (i) in respect of a Secured Series, the Secured Property; and 
(ii) in respect of an Unsecured Series, the Series Property. 
"Underlying Rights" means (i) in respect of a Secured Series, the Charged Rights; and (ii) in 
respect of an Unsecured Series, the Series Rights.  
"Unsecured Series" means a Series of Notes in respect of which no security is granted by the 
Issuer over the Underlying Assets of such Series. 
References to "U.S. dollars", "U.S. $" and "U.S. cents" are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America. 
"U.S. Internal Revenue Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended. 
"U.S. person" has the meaning set out in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Valuation Buffer" (if applicable) has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Valuation Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(i) (Redemption following 
Valuation Event). 
"Vendor" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the entity designated as the vendor of the 
Series Assets in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Zero-Coupon Notes" means an issue of Notes which bear no interest. 
2. 
STATUTORY PROVISIONS 
Save where the context otherwise requires, references in any Transaction Document or 
Conditions Module to any statutory provision shall be deemed also to refer to any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof or to any statutory instrument, order or regulation made 
thereunder or under any such re-enactment. 
3. 
AMENDMENTS 
References in any Transaction Document to that or any other Transaction Document, 
agreement, deed or document shall be deemed also to refer to such agreement, deed or 
document as amended, supplemented, varied, replaced or novated (in whole or in part) from 
time to time and to agreements, deeds and documents executed pursuant thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the November 2022 Edition of any Conditions Module shall not 
be deemed to be a replacement of any earlier Edition of a Conditions Module. 
4. 
SCHEDULES 
Any Schedule, Appendix or Exhibit annexed to a Transaction Document or Conditions 
Module forms part of such Transaction Document or Conditions Module and shall have the 
same force and effect as if set out in the body of such Transaction Document or Conditions

--- Page 154 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS MODULE 
 
 
154 
 
 
Module. Any reference to a Transaction Document or Conditions Module shall include any 
such Schedule, Appendix or Exhibit. 
5. 
HEADINGS 
Headings in any Transaction Document or Conditions Module and herein are for ease of 
reference only. 
6. 
NUMBER 
In any Transaction Document or Conditions Module and herein, save where the context 
otherwise requires, words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa. 
7. 
SUCCESSORS 
Save where the context otherwise requires, references in any Transaction Document or 
Conditions Module and herein to any party to the Transaction Documents or Conditions 
Module shall include references to its successors and assigns, whether in security or otherwise, 
whomsoever. 
8. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
In each Transaction Document or Conditions Module, unless the contrary intention appears, 
reference to: 
(i) 
"assets" includes properties, revenues and rights of every description; 
an "authorisation" includes an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, 
exemption, filing, registration and notarisation; 
a "month" is a reference to a period starting on one day in a calendar month and 
ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month, except that, 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which that period ends, 
that period shall end on the last Business Day in that calendar month; 
a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline 
(whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental body, agency, 
department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation; and 
(ii) 
a time of day is a reference to London time.

--- Page 155 ---
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
155 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Clearing and settlement of the Notes will be effected in accordance with the operating procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary is the holder 
of a Global Certificate for a series, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case 
may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes of such series represented by such 
Global Certificate for all purposes under the Trust Instrument, the Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the holder thereof. None of the Issuer, 
the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Dealer or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in 
Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
facilitate the initial issue of the Notes and cross-market transfers of the Notes associated with secondary 
market trading. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders and provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance 
and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective customers may 
settle trades with each other. Their customers are worldwide financial institutions including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which clear through 
or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Distributions of principal and any other amounts with respect to book-entry interests in the Notes held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the extent received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from the Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg customers in accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures. 
The holdings of book-entry interests in Notes in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. Beneficial ownership in Notes will be held 
through financial institutions as direct and indirect participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and every other intermediate 
holder in the chain to the beneficial owner of book-entry interests in the Notes, will be responsible for 
establishing and maintaining accounts for their participants and customers having interests in the book-
entry interests in the Notes. The Registrar will be responsible for maintaining a record of the aggregate 
holdings of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or holders of Notes represented by Definitive Notes. The Paying Agent 
will be responsible for ensuring that payments received by it from the Issuer for holders of interests in 
the Notes holding through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are credited to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Payments to holders of Notes represented by Definitive 
Notes will be made in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 156 ---
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
156 
 
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Notes; however, holders of book-entry interests in 
the Notes may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and operation of accounts in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in Global Certificates will be in uncertificated book-entry form. Purchasers electing to hold 
book-entry interests in the Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accounts will follow 
the settlement procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds. Book-entry interests in the Global 
Certificates will be credited to Euroclear participant securities clearance accounts on the business day 
following the closing date against payment (for value the closing date), and to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participant securities custody accounts on the closing date against payment in same day funds. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to 
conventional eurobonds. 
The information in this section regarding the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Notes among participants of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable but prospective 
investors are advised to make their own enquiries as to such procedures. None of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Dealer, or any affiliate of any of the foregoing 
will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules 
and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the arrangements 
described above.

--- Page 157 ---
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
157 
 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard note issuance under 
this Base Prospectus. Prospective Noteholders should also review the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the specific Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) 
for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any investment 
decision. In the diagram below dotted lines represent contractual relationships and solid lines represent 
cashflows. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TransAlp 1 Securities 
plc (the "Issuer") 
Swap Counterparty 
Custodian 
Paying Agent/Fiscal Agent 
Registrar 
Calculation Agent 
Vistra Alternative Investments 
(Ireland) Limited ("Administrator") 
Trustee 
Noteholders 
Underlying Assets 
Benefit of Issuer 
security 
Payments 
Trust 
Instrument 
Coupon Amount/ Redemption Amount 
upfront payment or 
financing rate and/or 
redemption proceeds from 
the Underlying Assets from 
relevant Series 
Corporate 
Services Agreement 
Custody 
Agreement/Agency 
Agreement/Fiscal 
Agreement 
Collateral 
payments 
(if any)

--- Page 158 ---
DESCRIPTION OF TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC 
158 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC 
General  
TransAlp 1 Securities plc was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company with unlimited 
duration on 29th July, 2003, registered number 374039 under the name Genius Securities public limited 
company, under the Companies Act 2014 (as amended). By special resolution dated 21 March 2007, it 
changed its name to TransAlp 1 Securities plc. TransAlp 1 Securities plc's telephone number is: +353 1 
963 1030. 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc's legal entity identifier ("LEI") code is 213800GNVFW5SW863K42. 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing 
asset backed securities. 
The registered office of TransAlp 1 Securities plc is at Block A, George's Quay Plaza, George's Quay, 
Dublin 2, Ireland. The authorised share capital of TransAlp 1 Securities plc is EUR10,000,000 divided 
into 10,000,000 Ordinary Shares of EUR1 each ("Shares" and each a "Share"). 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc has issued 40,000 Shares, all of which are fully paid and are ultimately held 
directly or indirectly in trust by Vistra Capital Markets (Ireland) Limited (formerly Deutsche 
International Finance (Ireland) Limited) in its capacity as share trustee (the "Share Trustee"). 
Each of the issued Shares are held on trust the Share Trustee under the terms of a declaration of trust 
dated 6th October 2003 and a deed of retirement of trustee and appointment of new trustee dated 16 
March 2007 (together the "TransAlp 1 Declaration of Trust") under which the Share Trustee holds 
the Shares on trust for charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit 
(other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the Shares. 
Business 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc's sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or other obligations 
for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related derivatives and other contracts. Whilst 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc is not limited in respect of the types of derivative that it can enter into, it 
predominantly expects to enter into interest rate swap, cross currency swaps and callable swaps. 
So long as any of the Notes issued by TransAlp 1 Securities plc remain outstanding, TransAlp 1 
Securities plc will be subject to the restrictions set out in Condition 18 (Restrictions) of the Notes and 
each Trust Instrument and each Issue Deed.  
TransAlp 1 Securities plc has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR40,000 representing 
the issued and paid-up share capital, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the 
issue of Notes or Alternative Investments or the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any 
Secured Property and any other assets on which the Notes are secured. Save in respect of the fees 
generated in connection with each issue of Notes or Alternative Investments, any related profits and the 
proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing TransAlp 
1 Securities plc's issued and paid-up share capital, TransAlp 1 Securities plc will not accumulate any 
surpluses. 
The Notes issued by TransAlp 1 Securities plc are obligations of TransAlp 1 Securities plc alone and 
not of, or guaranteed in any way by, the Share Trustee. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or 
guaranteed in any way by, the Arranger, the Counterparty or any Agent. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of TransAlp 1 Securities plc as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 159 ---
DESCRIPTION OF TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC 
159 
 
Shareholders' Funds: 
Share capital: (Authorised EUR10,000,000; Issued 40,000 Ordinary Shares of EUR1 each) 
 
EUR40,000 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of TransAlp 1 Securities plc 
and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of TransAlp 1 Securities plc in 
each case since 31 December 2021, being the date of its last published audited financial statements. Save 
in respect of any Notes or Alternative Investments under the Programme and their related arrangements, 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan 
capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, 
mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Directors of TransAlp 1 Securities plc  
The Directors of TransAlp 1 Securities plc are as follows: 
Director 
 
Business Address 
 
Principal occupation 
Shengjie Xu  
 
Block A, George's Quay Plaza, George's 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland 
 
Company Director 
Bronagh 
Hardiman  
 
Block A, George's Quay Plaza, George's 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland 
 
Company Director 
Company Secretary 
The company secretary is Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited whose registered office is 
Block A, George's Quay Plaza, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited is the corporate administrator of TransAlp 1 Securities 
plc (the "Administrator"). Its duties include the provision of certain administrative, accounting and 
related services. The appointment of the Administrator may be terminated and the Administrator may 
retire upon three months' notice subject to the appointment of an alternative administrator on similar 
terms to the existing administrator. 
Employees 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc has no employees.  
Conflicts of Interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons listed under 
"Directors of TransAlp 1 Securities plc" above and their private interests and/or other duties, including 
those as employees of the Administrator. 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of TransAlp 1 Securities plc is the calendar year save that the first financial year was 
from the date of incorporation to 31st December, 2003. TransAlp 1 Securities plc has published its 
audited financial statements in respect of the years ending on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, 
copies of which have been submitted to Euronext Dublin and are available for inspection in the manner 
described below and online via the following hyperlinks:  
Issuer's financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p934%7C24597/documents.  
 
Issuer's financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p934%7C24597/documents.

--- Page 160 ---
DESCRIPTION OF TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC 
160 
 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc will not prepare interim financial statements. 
Each year, a copy of the audited financial statements of TransAlp 1 Securities plc together with the 
report of the directors and the auditors thereon is required to be filed with the Irish Companies 
Registration Office within 28 days of the annual return date of TransAlp 1 Securities plc and is available 
for inspection. The profit and loss account and balance sheet can be obtained free of charge from the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or the Principal Paying Agent.  
The auditors of TransAlp 1 Securities plc are Mazars, Harcourt Centre, Block 3, Harcourt Road, Dublin 
2, Ireland who are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.  
TransAlp 1 Securities plc has commenced operations in connection with the Programme. It has entered 
into a number of contracts incidental to its incorporation and in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of the Notes and for no other purpose other than in relation to the provision of 
administrative, secretarial, legal, audit and tax services to it. 
No Material Adverse Change 
Since 31 December 2021, being the date of TransAlp 1 Securities plc's last audited financial statements, 
there has been no material adverse change, or any development reasonably likely to involve any material 
adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of TransAlp 1 Securities plc.

--- Page 161 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
161 
 
 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The Swap Agreement- General 
The Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement, in respect of a Series, with the Swap Counterparty (see 
"The Swap Counterparty" section below). If entered into, a Swap Agreement would be governed by 
English law. 
The relevant Issuance Document in respect of a Series of Notes will specify whether a Swap Agreement 
is entered into in connection with such Series of Notes. 
The structure of the Swap Agreement may change depending on the structure of the relevant Series of 
Notes, but in general terms when a Swap Agreement is entered into in connection with a Series of Notes, 
save as otherwise provided in the relevant Issuance Document: 
(i) 
the Issuer may pay an upfront payment or financing rate and/or redemption proceeds from the 
Underlying Assets from such Series to the Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) 
the Swap Counterparty will be required upon each coupon payment date or redemption of such 
Notes to pay to the Issuer amounts equal to the Coupon Amount or Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Notes hedged by the Swap; 
(iii) 
the termination date of the Swap Agreement, in respect of a Series, will be the Maturity Date 
of the Notes of such Series unless otherwise specified in the terms of the Swap Agreement or the 
Issuance Document. In addition, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may also enter into a credit 
support document collateralising the Issuer's obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
In addition to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Instrument, the 
terms of a Swap Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the 
Trust Instrument) also agree to any modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as 
such). 
(1) 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
and vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations 
and will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the 
Underlying Assets relating to such Notes. 
The structure of the Swap Agreement may change depending on the structure of the relevant Series of 
Notes, but in general terms when a Swap Agreement is entered into in connection with a Series of Notes, 
payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are 
designed to ensure that, following the making of such payments, the Issuer will have such funds, when 
taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or 
received in respect of the Underlying Assets relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its 
obligations under such Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, 
without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Underlying Assets relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of 
interest), Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or

--- Page 162 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
162 
 
 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, 
accountants, auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or are 
attributable to such Notes. 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no 
restriction upon the payments that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from 
the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. As with payments under the Swap Agreement, the provisions 
of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time 
of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the provisions that may be 
agreed under the Credit Support Annex. 
(2) 
Events of Default 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain "Events of Default" (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of 
the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement 
required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Issuer to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any 
payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, if not 
remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Issuer disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or 
challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any swap transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Issuer in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another entity 
in circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation 
(other than any payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or 
performed by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, 
or challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any swap transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and

--- Page 163 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
163 
 
 
(vi) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or 
transferring all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or 
reconstituting into or as, another entity in circumstances where (a) the resulting, surviving or 
transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement or any credit support document (for example, a guarantee) relating thereto or (b) 
the benefits of any credit support document relating to the Swap Agreement fail to extend 
(without the consent of the entity providing the credit support) to the performance by such 
resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may 
give a notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding swap 
transactions under the Swap Agreement. 
(3) 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain "Termination Events" (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
the occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding swap transactions under the 
Swap Agreement. These include: 
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events (in the case of illegality, including 
with respect to any member of the Swap Counterparty's group); 
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant swap transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or 
a deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change 
in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into 
of the relevant swap transaction(s); 
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant swap transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or 
a deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty; 
(iv) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is 
itself caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement); 
The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer and/or 
the Swap Counterparty, as provided in the Swap Agreement (depending, amongst other things, on who 
is the "Affected Party" (as defined in the Swap Agreement)), to terminate the Swap Agreement. If the 
event described in paragraph (iv) above occurs, an Early Termination Date will be deemed to have been 
designated by the Swap Counterparty (or the Issuer where the early redemption of the Notes arises as a 
result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement)) without the need 
for a notice of termination. 
(4) 
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any "Early Termination Date" (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the "Early Termination Amount" (as defined in 
the Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the Issuer 
to the Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer determines the 
Early Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap Agreement. Where 
the termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who makes the 
determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap Agreement will 
specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain circumstances, 
that both parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the 
party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and 
obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the

--- Page 164 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
164 
 
 
Swap Agreement as the "Close-out Amount") and taking into account the value of any collateral posted 
between the parties pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement. 
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will be 
set out in the applicable Issuance Document. 
(5) 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Issuance Document, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support Annex 
with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. Credit support will be provided by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty (or from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer) or both the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty will provide credit support to each other (as specified in the relevant Issuance Document). 
The Credit Support Annex will be in the form of (i) the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation 
Margin (VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) Copyright © 2016 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or (ii) any other credit support annex as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., in each case subject to certain 
amendments. The sections below provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and 
of certain terms used in the Credit Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms in full. 
(6) 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a "Transferor" 
and the recipient of such credit support is known as the "Transferee". 
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount (VM) for the relevant 
Valuation Date exceeds what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor. Credit 
support will be transferred on a title transfer basis. 
A Delivery Amount (VM) arises if the Exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap 
Agreement exceeds the value at that time of the credit support then provided by the Transferor (known 
as the Transferor's "Credit Support Balance (VM)"), but with the Transferor's Credit Support Balance 
(VM) being adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred (by 
either party) as if it had been transferred. The "Delivery Amount (VM)" will be equal to such Exposure 
minus the value of such credit support. 
If the Delivery Amount (VM) does exceed the Transferor's Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor 
can then be required to transfer "Eligible Credit Support (VM)" having a Value equal to the Delivery 
Amount (VM). 
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support (VM) is as specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document. Eligible Credit Support (VM) will typically comprise cash in an "Eligible Currency" and 
may also comprise specified securities. For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) is required to be provided as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value 
(see "Value and Exposure" below). 
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type back 
from the Transferee if the parties' exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the Value of 
the credit support, changes. The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as a Return 
Amount (VM). 
A Return Amount (VM) arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor's Credit 
Support Balance (VM) (again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of 
being transferred (by either party) as if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee 
to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement. The "Return Amount (VM)" will be equal to such Credit 
Support Balance (VM) minus such Exposure.

--- Page 165 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
165 
 
 
If the Return Amount (VM) for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the 
Transferee, the Transferee is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, 
description and amount as that comprised in the Transferor's Credit Support Balance (VM) (known as 
"Equivalent Credit Support (VM)", up to an aggregate amount having a Value equal to that Return 
Amount (VM). 
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as 
Transferor to the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Underlying Assets to satisfy 
its obligation. 
The "Minimum Transfer Amount" of a Transferor will be USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) or such lower amount as is 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document, or, if not so specified, zero; provided that, at any time 
and from time to time, the Swap Counterparty may designate any amount lower than USD 500,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency as at the time of designation) as the Minimum Transfer Amount for 
either party at that time. 
Any deliveries of credit support are subject to rounding. Cash will be rounded up to the nearest whole 
unit whereas securities will be rounded up to the nearest denomination in the case of a Delivery Amount 
(VM) and down to the nearest denomination in the case of a Return Amount (VM). 
(7) 
Value and Exposure 
The "Exposure" of a party ("X") to the other ("Y") under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, if 
any, that would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a 
negative number) under the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market basis. 
The "Value" of an item of credit support will be determined: 
• 
for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Currency of Issue and by then 
multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX 
Haircut Percentage; and 
• 
for securities, by taking the value in the Currency of Issue of the bid price for that security 
obtained by the Valuation Agent (which may include a bid price quoted by itself in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner) and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation 
Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut Percentage. 
The Swap Counterparty 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap (if entered into), UniCredit will agree to act as the Swap Counterparty. 
If a Swap is entered into, the Swap Counterparty shall be an obligor, together with the obligor of the 
Underlying Assets.   
UniCredit is a public company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany whose registered office is at Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, Germany. UniCredit is a 
direct wholly owned subsidiary of UniCredt S.p.A, Milan, Italy. The principal activity of UniCredit as 
set out in Section 2 of its Articles of Association is the transaction of all kinds of banking transactions 
and the business of Pfandbrief bank, to provide financial services and perform all other principal and 
ancillary activities a credit institution or Pfandbrief bank may perform, both for its own account or for 
the account of a third party. Unicredit has certain securities listed on the main market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive. 
To the extent an entity other than UniCredit will act as Swap Counterparty in respect of particular Series 
of Notes, the relevant Issuance Document will include relevant information in respect of such entity.

--- Page 166 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
166 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each Series will be applied by the relevant Issuer to purchase the Underlying 
Assets applicable to such Series and/or to fund any initial payment obligations under any related Hedge 
Agreements (if any) and/or in meeting certain expenses and fees payable in connection with the 
operations of the relevant Issuer and the issue of any Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to any Series or as may otherwise be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The expenses of the Issuer, including all fees payable to the Trustee (in respect of a Trustee Series), 
Agents and other parties, will be met on a Series by Series basis.

--- Page 167 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
167 
 
 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
Notes to (1) be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only 
be issued under this Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or (2) be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the GEM may only be 
issued under these Base Listing Particulars by way of Pricing Supplement, where (i) the Swap 
Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II (an 
"EEA Regulated Market"), equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market or the obligations 
are guaranteed by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market (a "Specified Swap Counterparty") and (ii) 
the Underlying Assets are assets having the following characteristics ("Specified Underlying Assets"): 
Issuer of Specified Underlying Assets: 
Any corporate or sovereign 
Status: 
 
 
 
 
Senior, secured or unsecured 
Legal nature: 
 
 
 
Bonds 
Governing law: 
 
 
 
English law 
Other: 
Admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market 
In all other cases, the Swap Counterparty and the Underlying Assets in respect of a Series of Notes will 
be as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or Series Prospectus as applicable.

--- Page 168 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
168 
 
 
TAXATION 
Irish Taxation  
General 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations in Ireland relating to any Notes 
issued by an Issuer incorporated in Ireland. 
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective 
Noteholders should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes under the 
tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Ireland. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to 
any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish tax consequences of ownership of any Notes issued 
by an Issuer incorporated in Ireland based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland. It deals 
with investors who beneficially own their Notes. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to 
certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the 
comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes 
and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which would include interest payable on the Notes. However, an 
exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act 1997 for certain securities ("quoted eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) 
that are interest bearing and quoted on a recognised stock exchange (which would include Euronext 
Dublin). 
Any interest paid on such quoted eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(i) 
the quoted eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners; Euroclear, and Clearstream, Luxembourg are so recognised; or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted eurobond and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration to a relevant person (such as an Irish paying agent) in the prescribed 
form. 
So long as the Notes continue to be listed on Euronext Dublin and are held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by any Paying Agent acting on behalf of 
the relevant Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
If, for any reason, the quoted eurobond exemption referred to above does not or ceases to apply, the 
relevant Issuer (provided that it is a securitisation company which is a qualifying company under 
section 110 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 ("TCA")) can still pay interest on the Notes in

--- Page 169 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
169 
 
 
the ordinary course of its business or trade free of withholding tax to a company or person which is 
resident in a Member State of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a country with which Ireland 
has signed a double taxation agreement (a "Relevant Territory"). For this purpose, residence is 
determined by reference to the law of the country in which the recipient claims to be resident. This 
exemption from withholding tax will not apply, however, if the interest is paid to a company in 
connection with a trade or business carried on by it through a branch or agency in Ireland. 
In certain limited circumstances a payment of interest by the Issuer which is considered dependent on 
the results of the Issuer's business or which represents more than a reasonable commercial return can be 
re- characterised as a distribution subject to dividend withholding tax. 
A payment of profit dependent or excessive interest on the Notes will not be re-characterised as a 
distribution to which dividend withholding tax could apply where, broadly, the Noteholder is either: 
(a) 
an Irish tax resident person or a non-resident person that is subject to Irish corporation tax on 
that interest; 
(b) 
a person who in respect of the interest is subject under the laws of a Relevant Territory to tax 
which generally applies to profits, income or gains received from sources outside that territory 
without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of the interest payment; 
(c) 
for so long as the Notes remain quoted Eurobonds, neither a person which is a company which 
directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by the Issuer or which is controlled by a third 
company which directly or indirectly controls the Issuer nor is a person (including any person 
connected to that person) (a) from whom the Issuer has acquired assets, (b) to whom the Issuer 
has made loans or advances, (c) a person from whom loans or advances held by the relevant 
Issuer were made, or (d) with whom the Issuer has entered into a return agreement (as defined 
in section 110(1) of the 1997 Act) where the aggregate value of such assets, loans, advances 
or agreements represents 75% or more of the assets of the Issuer (such a person falling within 
this category of person being a Specified Person); or 
(d) 
an exempt pension fund, government body or other resident in a Relevant Territory person 
(which is not a Specified Person). 
A person has control of the Issuer where that person has  
(A) 
the power to secure: 
(i) 
by the means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in 
relation to the Issuer or any other company or  
(ii) 
by virtue of any powers conferred by the constitution, articles of association or other 
document regulating the Issuer or any other company,  
that the affairs of the Issuer are conducted in accordance with the wishes of that person or 
(B) 
"significant influence" over the Issuer and holds directly or indirectly more than  
(iii) 
20 per cent of the issued share capital of the Issuer, 
(iv) 
20 per cent of the principal value of any profit participating notes (or notes attracting 
an excessive rate of interest) or any such notes where they have no principal value, 
or 
(v) 
the right to 20 per cent of the interest or other distribution payable in respect of any 
profit participating notes (or notes attracting an excessive rate of interest) issued by 
the Issuer,

--- Page 170 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
170 
 
 
where "significant influence" means a person with the ability to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of the Issuer. 
The consequence of such an amount being treated as a distribution would be that it would not be 
deductible for the purposes of calculating the taxable profit of the Issuer resulting in a greater corporation 
tax liability, and the Issuer may have to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. 
from such payment. An affected Noteholder may be able to avail of a range of exemptions from dividend 
withholding tax or alternatively may be entitled to obtain a refund of such tax after the deduction has 
been made. Exemptions are available in circumstances including where the relevant Noteholder is a 
company not resident in Ireland but controlled by persons who are resident in an EU country or in a 
double taxation treaty country or where the company concerned is resident in such country and is not 
controlled by Irish resident persons subject to relevant documentary requirements. 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes which are profit dependent (to the extent to which 
such distributions exceed a reasonable commercial rate of return as determined at the creation of the 
Note) or any part of which exceeds a reasonable commercial return may not be deductible in full to the 
extent that the interest is associated with a 'specified property business' carried on by that qualifying 
company.  A 'specified property business' of a qualifying company means, subject to a number of 
exceptions, a business of holding, managing or both holding and managing of "specified mortgages", 
units in an IREF (within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 TCA) or shares that derive their value or 
the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from Irish real estate. 
A "specified mortgage" for this purpose is: 
a) 
a loan which is secured on, and which derives its value from, or the greater part of its value 
from, directly or indirectly, land in Ireland; 
b) 
a specified agreement which derives all of its value, or the greater part of its value, directly or 
indirectly, from land in Ireland or a loan to which paragraph (a) applies. A specified agreement 
is defined in Section 110 TCA and includes certain derivatives, swaps or similar arrangements. 
A specified mortgage does not include a specified agreement which derives its value or the 
greater part of its value from a CLO transaction, a CMBS/RMBS transaction, a loan 
origination business or a sub-participation transaction (as defined in Section 110 TCA); or 
c) 
any portion of a specified security issued by another qualifying company which carries on the 
business of holding or managing specified mortgages and which carries a right to results 
dependent or non-commercial interest. 
Where the qualifying company carries on a specified property business in addition to other activities, it 
must treat the specified property business as a separate business and apportion its expenses on a just and 
reasonable basis between the separate businesses. 
Where the qualifying company has financed itself with loans carrying interest which is dependent on 
the results of that company's business or interest which represents more than a reasonable commercial 
return for the use of the principal, or has entered into specified agreements (such as swaps) then the 
interest or return payable will not be deductible for Irish tax purposes to the extent it exceeds a 
reasonable commercial return which is not dependent on the results of the qualifying company. 
As such the restriction on deductibility is subject to a number of exceptions and should not apply if, for 
example, either:  
 
the Issuer does not hold or manage specific mortgages, units in an IREF or shares deriving the 
greater part of their value from Irish real estate; or 
 
interest paid on the Notes is not profit dependent and does not exceed a reasonable commercial 
return.

--- Page 171 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
171 
 
 
 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25% from interest on any 
Note, where such interest is collected by a bank or other agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. 
Encashment tax does not apply where (i) the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the 
interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest.  
Taxation of Noteholders 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the 
Noteholder may still be liable to pay Irish income tax with respect to such interest. Interest paid on the 
Notes may have an Irish source and therefore may be within the charge to Irish income tax pay related 
social insurance and the universal social charge. Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of 
income tax and any person, including a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, 
with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
There is an exemption from Irish tax on interest payments made by a securitisation company which is a 
qualifying company under section 110 of the TCA in the ordinary course of its trade or business provided 
the recipient of the interest is a person resident in a Relevant Territory and provided it does not carry on 
a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in Ireland. For this purpose, residence is determined under 
the terms of the relevant double taxation agreement or, in any other case, the law of the country in which 
the recipient claims to be resident. In addition, any interest which can be paid free of withholding tax 
under the quoted eurobond exemption is exempt from tax where the payment is made to such a recipient 
(who is resident in a Relevant Territory as set out above). 
In addition, provided that the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set 
out above, the interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest 
is (i) a company under the control, directly or indirectly, of persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant 
territory are resident in that country and that person or persons are not themselves under the control 
whether directly or indirectly of a person who is not resident in such a country, or (ii) a company, the 
principal class of shares of such company, or another company of which the recipient company is a 75% 
subsidiary, is substantially and regularly traded on one or more recognised stock exchanges in Ireland 
or a relevant territory or a stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister for Finance. There is a further 
exemption in respect of interest received by a company which is resident in a Relevant Territory which 
imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that jurisdiction by companies from sources 
outside that jurisdiction. 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in 
Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed may have a 
liability to Irish corporation tax on the interest. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient. 
Noteholders receiving interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions may be 
liable to Irish income tax and the universal social charge on such interest. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Noteholders will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes if such holder is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a 
branch or agency in respect of which the Notes were used or held.

--- Page 172 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
172 
 
 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either 
(i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of 
his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland 
(i.e. if the Notes are physically located in Ireland (if in bearer form) or if the register of the Notes is 
maintained in Ireland (if in registered form)); or (iii) by virtue of the fact that the Notes are issued by an 
Irish company. 
Stamp Duty 
Provided the Issuer remains a qualifying company under section 110 of the TCA, no stamp duty or 
similar tax is imposed in Ireland (on the basis of an exemption provided for in Section 85(2)(c) to the 
Irish Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999 on the basis that the proceeds of the Notes are used in the 
course of the Issuer's business), on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Notes. 
Automatic exchange of information 
Irish reporting financial institutions, which may include the Issuer, have reporting obligations in respect 
of a Noteholder under FATCA as implemented pursuant to the Ireland – US intergovernmental 
agreement and/or the OECD's Common Reporting Standard (see below). 
Information exchange and the implementation of FATCA in Ireland 
The Issuer may be obliged to report certain information in respect of certain U.S. investors in the Issuer 
to the Irish tax authorities who will then share that information with the U.S. tax authorities.  Further 
information on FATCA can be found below (see below – Withholding of U.S tax. on account of FATCA). 
Noteholders should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the potential impact of FATCA before 
investing. 
Common Reporting Standard (CRS) 
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic 
Exchange of Financial Account Information, which was entered into by Ireland in its capacity as a 
signatory to the Convention on Mutual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters and which relates to 
the automatic exchange of financial account information in respect of the CRS, while sections 891F and 
891G of the TCA and regulations made thereunder contain measures necessary to implement the CRS 
internationally and across the European Union, respectively.  Regulations, the Returns of Certain 
Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 (the "CRS Regulations"), gave effect 
to the CRS from 1 January 2016. 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements 
CRS in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange 
financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis 
commencing in 2017 in respect of the 2016 calendar year.  Regulations, the Mandatory Automatic 
Exchange of Information in the Field of Taxation Regulations 2015 (together with the CRS Regulations, 
the "Regulations"), gave effect to DAC II from 1 January 2016. 
Under the Regulations, reporting financial institutions, which may include the Issuer, are required to 
collect certain information on accountholders and on certain controlling persons (as defined in the 
Regulations) in the case of the accountholder(s) being an entity, as defined for CRS purposes, (e.g. 
name, address, jurisdiction of residence, TIN, date and place of birth (as appropriate), the account 
number and the account balance or value at the end of each calendar year) to identify accounts which 
are reportable to the Irish tax authorities.  The Irish tax authorities shall in turn exchange such 
information with their counterparts in participating jurisdictions.  Where Notes are held in a clearing

--- Page 173 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
173 
 
 
system it is understood that either the clearing system itself or the relevant clearing participants are likely 
to be considered financial institutions and accordingly the Issuer should not have reporting obligations 
in respect of Noteholders holding those Notes. In that event the relevant Issuer will make a nil return for 
that year to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. Further information in relation to CRS and DAC II can 
be found on the Automatic Exchange of Information webpage on www.revenue.ie. 
The Issuer and any other relevant party on its behalf may from time to time (1) request such forms, self-
certifications, documentation and any other information from the Noteholder which the Issuer may 
require in order for it to comply with its automatic exchange of information obligations under, for 
example, FATCA and CRS (2) provide any such information or documentation collected from an 
investor and any other information concerning any investment in the Notes to the relevant tax authorities 
and (3) take such other steps as they deem necessary or helpful to comply with its automatic exchange 
obligations under any applicable law. 
United States Taxation 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to any U.S. Series will set out 
information regarding the United States federal income tax treatment of any such Notes. 
U.S. persons considering the purchase of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
application of United States federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes arising under the laws of any 
other taxing jurisdictions. 
United Kingdom Taxation  
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof 
in relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. It is based on the current law 
and the practice of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC"), which may be subject to change, 
sometimes with retrospective effect. The comments do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects 
of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The comments are made on the assumption that the Issuer 
of the Notes is not resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes. The comments 
relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective 
Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may affect the tax treatment of that and other 
series of Notes. The following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is 
not intended as tax advice and does not purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a prospective purchaser. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should 
consult their professional advisers. Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than 
the United Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are particularly 
advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws 
of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation 
aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may 
be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes 
even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation 
under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
UK Withholding Tax on Interest Payments by the Issuer 
Interest on Notes issued for a term of less than one year (and which are not issued under arrangements 
the effect of which is to render the Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of one year or more) may 
be paid by an Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
Interest on Notes issued for a term of one year or more (or under arrangements the effect of which is to 
render the Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of one year or more) may be paid by an Issuer 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax except in 
circumstances where such interest has a United Kingdom source. The location of the source of a payment

--- Page 174 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
174 
 
 
is a complex matter. It is necessary to have regard to case law and HMRC practice. Case law has 
established that in determining the source of interest, all relevant factors must be taken into account. 
HMRC has indicated that the most important factors in determining the source of a payment are those 
which influence where a creditor would sue for payment, and has stated that the place where the Issuer 
does business, and the place where its assets are located, are the most important factors in this regard; 
however, HMRC has also indicated that, depending on the circumstances, other relevant factors may 
include the place where the interest and principal are payable, the method of payment, the governing 
law of the Notes and the competent jurisdiction for any legal action, the location of any security for the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and similar factors relating to any guarantee. 
Interest which has a United Kingdom source ("UK interest") may be paid by an Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax if the Notes in respect of 
which the UK interest is paid constitute "quoted Eurobonds". Notes which carry a right to interest will 
constitute quoted Eurobonds provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange. 
Securities will be "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for this purpose if they are admitted to trading 
on an exchange designated as a recognised stock exchange by an order made by the Commissioners for 
HMRC and either they are included in the United Kingdom official list (within the meaning of Part 6 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or they are officially listed, in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in European Economic Area states, in a country outside the 
United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock exchange. Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock 
exchange. The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC practice is that securities which are officially 
listed and admitted to trading on the main market of that exchange may be regarded as "listed on a 
recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. 
In all other cases, UK interest on the Notes may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as may be available, following 
a direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty, or to any 
other exemption which may apply. 
Any payments made under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for the exemptions from UK 
withholding tax described above. 
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
(1) 
Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount. Any 
discount element on any such Notes will not generally be subject to any United Kingdom 
withholding tax pursuant to the provisions mentioned above. 
(2) 
Where Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued at 
a discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest. Payments 
of interest may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax in accordance with the provisions 
mentioned above. 
(3) 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who 
are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if 
there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
(4) 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. 
The statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or 
"principal" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and 
conditions of the Notes or any related documentation. 
(5) 
The above description of the United Kingdom withholding tax position assumes that there will 
be no substitution of any issuer pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and does not consider 
the tax consequences of any such substitution. 
In order to avoid the Issuer being subject to withholding taxes or penalties, all investors must 
agree to provide the Issuer at times reasonably requested by the Issuer with such information and 
documentation (whether relating to themselves, their investors and/or beneficial owners) 
reasonably requested by the Issuer.

--- Page 175 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
175 
 
 
If you are in any doubt as to your tax position you should consult your professional tax adviser. 
Taxation in the United States — Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
U.S. legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30% on 
payments to certain non-U.S. person (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been 
satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement (an "IGA") between the United States and the non-U.S. 
person's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to certain 
financial institutions that are treated as paying U.S.- source interest or dividends or other U.S.-source 
"fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income. Withholding (if applicable) applies to any payment 
of amounts treated as U.S.-source interest or dividend equivalent payments (as discussed below under 
"Taxation in the United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 
871(m)") on the Notes. Further, although under current law withholding under FATCA does not apply 
any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition (including upon retirement) of the Notes, FATCA may 
apply withholding on gross proceeds in the future to Notes treated as providing for U.S.- source interest 
or dividends (including dividend equivalent payments). Similarly, although, under current law, 
withholding under FATCA does not apply to payments of non-U.S.-source income, such withholding 
could apply under future U.S. Treasury regulations with respect to certain "foreign passthru payments." 
However, proposed Regulations delay the effective date on withholding on any such foreign passthru 
payments to no earlier than two years after issuance of final regulations defining the term "foreign 
passthru payment." If the terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification", the Note generally 
will be treated as reissued at the time of the significant modification. In such a case, the Note's issue 
date for purposes of any rules that apply to securities issued on or after a specific date will be based on 
the date of the modification and not the original issue date. If withholding applies to the Notes, the Issuer 
will not be required to pay any additional amounts including with respect to amounts withheld under 
FATCA. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
FATCA to the Notes. 
In addition, in order to comply with its own obligations under FATCA (including an IGA), the Issuer 
may require each Noteholder to provide certifications and identifying information about itself and 
certain of its owners. The Issuer may force the sale in any reasonable manner of a Note held by a 
Noteholder that fails to provide the requested information. The amount received for a Note could be less 
than its then fair market value and the Issuer shall have no liability for any shortfall. 
FATCA IS PARTICULARLY COMPLEX AND ITS APPLICATION TO THE ISSUER, THE NOTES 
AND THE HOLDERS OF NOTES IS UNCERTAIN AT THIS TIME. EACH HOLDER OF NOTES 
SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN A MORE DETAILED 
EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND ADVICE ON HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT IT IN ITS 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Taxation in the United States – Income on Certain Series Treated as U.S. Source Income for U.S. 
Withholding tax Purposes 
Although the Notes will be issued by a non-U.S. entity, income on the Notes of certain Series may be at 
risk of being considered to arise in whole or in part from sources within the United States. Accordingly, 
as a matter of prudence, with respect to those Series, the Issuer will (and assumes intermediaries also 
will) treat all income as arising from sources within the United States and will make payments free of 
U.S. withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax 
identification and certification forms, typically an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E. The Issuance 
Document for a Series will indicate that the Issuer intends to treat the income on that Series of Notes as 
arising from sources in the United States, if applicable. 
Taxation in the United States Affects United States Persons Indirectly Acquiring an Interest in the 
Notes 
The characterization of a Note (and the Issuer) for U.S. tax purposes may affect the U.S. tax treatment 
of a U.S. taxpayer that holds (directly or indirectly) an equity interest in a holder of a Note (an "Indirect 
U.S. Holder") and may not be a suitable investment for such a person. Prospective investors should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding the characterization of the Notes (and the Issuer) for U.S. tax 
purposes and the effects that the characterization may have on the direct and indirect holders of their

--- Page 176 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
TAXATION 
 
 
176 
 
 
securities. The Issuer is not obligated, and does not intend, to provide information necessary for an 
Indirect U.S. Holder to make certain tax elections or otherwise comply with its U.S. tax reporting 
obligations.

--- Page 177 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
177 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, applicable to any Series may modify, amend or 
supplement the restrictions set out herein. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the following selling restrictions shall apply: 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Sale Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
the Notes, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise, until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the issue date of the Notes, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
The Notes offered and sold by the Issuer may not be purchased by, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Risk Retention Person. 
Restrictions with respect to Notes in bearer form 
Notes issued in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
If TEFRA C is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to the relevant 
Series, each relevant Dealer understands that, under U.S. Treas. Reg. section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"C Rules"), Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each relevant Dealer represents and agrees that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in 
bearer form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. 
Further, in connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, the relevant Dealer represents 
and undertakes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either the relevant Dealer or the prospective purchaser is within the United 
States or its possessions or otherwise involves a U.S. office of the relevant Dealer in the offer or sale of 
Notes in bearer form. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
If TEFRA D is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, relating to the relevant 
Series: 
(a) 
Each relevant Dealer agrees that, except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period

--- Page 178 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
178 
 
 
will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not delivered and will not deliver within 
the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the 
restricted period. 
(b) 
Each relevant Dealer represents and agrees that it has and throughout the restricted period will 
have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are 
directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered 
or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules. 
(c) 
Each relevant Dealer that is a United States person represents that it is acquiring the Notes in 
bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and that if it retains 
Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements 
of U.S. Treas. Reg. section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6). 
(d) 
Each relevant Dealer agrees that, with respect to each affiliate of a relevant Dealer that acquires 
from it or from another Dealer Notes in bearer form for the purpose of offering or selling such 
Notes during the restricted period, it either (i) repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) above on its behalf or (ii) will obtain 
from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in 
sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above. 
(e) 
Each relevant Dealer represents and agrees that it will obtain from any distributor (within the 
meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(ii)) that purchases any of the Notes 
from one or more of the Dealers (except a distributor who is an affiliate of such Dealer), for the 
benefit of the Issuer and such Dealer, an agreement to comply with the provisions, 
representations and agreements contained in this paragraph, as if such distributor were a Dealer 
hereunder. 
(f) 
Terms used in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) above have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
Each issuance of Notes will be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in 
that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to those Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, and ending 
on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 179 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
179 
 
 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specify the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors" as "Not Applicable", each, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(g) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended, the "Insurance 
Mediation Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(h) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 180 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
180 
 
 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(3) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
The Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Tranche of Notes that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(A) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the Distribution Agent or Distribution Agents nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(C) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Distribution Agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication to persons in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 181 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
181 
 
 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; 
and 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Ireland  
In each Placing Agreement to which it is a party, each Dealer will represent and agree in relation to the 
Notes to be purchased thereunder that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (SI 
No. 375 of 2017) (as amended) ("MiFID Regulations") and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct 
rules made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act, 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland and any rules and guidelines issued by the 
Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014)), the Market Abuse Directive 2014/57/EU (as amended), the European Union 
(Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as amended) and any rules issued under Section 
1370 of the Companies Act by the Central Bank; and 
(e) 
no Notes will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than one year except in full compliance 
with the notice by the Central Bank of exemptions granted under Section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank Act, 1971, as amended (BSD C 01/02 of November 2002). 
The relevant Issuer has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act 2014 (as amended) with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and an Issuer shall 
not have any responsibility therefore. 
Neither an Issuer nor any Dealer has represented that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 182 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
182 
 
 
With regard to each Series of Notes, each Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the relevant Issuer and each Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 183 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
183 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The issuance of this Base Prospectus was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of TransAlp 1 Securities plc (the "Board") dated 8 November 2022. 
2. 
All other authorisations, consents and approvals required to be obtained by the Issuer for, or 
in connection with, the creation of the Programme and issue of the Series of Notes, the 
execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of the obligations expressed to be 
undertaken by it under the Relevant Agreements to which it is a party and the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus have been (or will, prior to the Issue Date, be) obtained and are in full 
force and effect. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and no 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case since 
31 December 2021, being the date of its last audited financial statements. 
4. 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings during the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Issuer's financial position or profitability, nor is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings being 
pending or threatened. 
Documents Available 
5. 
For so long as the Notes of any Series issued by TransAlp 1 Securities plc remain outstanding 
or Notes may be issued under the Programme by TransAlp 1 Securities plc, copies of the 
following documents (together with any other documents specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) will, when published (to the extent applicable), be 
available for inspection in electronic form at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/p934%7C24597/documents and in physical form at the Companies Registration Office 
in Ireland (to the extent required by Irish law) and during normal business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents, Registrar and Transfer Agents (if 
any) in respect of such Notes: 
(i) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of TransAlp 1 Securities plc; 
(ii) 
the TransAlp 1 Declaration of Trust; 
(iii) 
the Trust Instrument (in respect of Trustee Series) or Issue Deed (in respect of Fiscal 
Agency Series) relating to each issue of Notes issued by TransAlp 1 Securities plc 
(and the documents incorporated therein, including, inter alia, the Agency 
Agreement or Fiscal Agency Agreement, any Hedge Agreement(s) and the Sale 
Agreement) (save that any such document relating to an Unlisted Note will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to TransAlp 1 Securities plc and the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable (save that any such document relating to an Unlisted Note will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to TransAlp 1 Securities plc and the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity) in respect of an issue of Notes by TransAlp 1 
Securities plc;

--- Page 184 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
184 
 
 
(v) 
any future information memoranda, prospectus, and supplements including the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (save that any such documents relating 
to an Unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to TransAlp 1 Securities plc and 
the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus; 
(vi) 
the most recently published audited and (if any) unaudited financial statements of 
TransAlp 1 Securities plc. TransAlp 1 Securities plc will not produce interim 
financial statements; and 
(vii) 
such other documents (if any) as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which any Note is at the relevant time listed in respect of TransAlp 1 Securities 
plc. 
Clearing Systems 
6. 
The Notes issued by an Issuer will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
7. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
8. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Significant or Material Change 
9. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of TransAlp 1 
Securities plc and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of TransAlp 
1 Securities plc, in each case since 31 December 2021, being the date of its last audited 
financial statements. 
Litigation 
10. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which TransAlp 1 Securities plc is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of TransAlp 1 Securities plc. 
Post Issuance Information 
11. 
The Issuer will not provide post-issuance information on the Notes or the Underlying Assets.

--- Page 185 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
185 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form and 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Insert if the Notes are not intended 
to be offered to retail investors under PRIIPs regulation] The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Insert if the Notes are not intended 
to be offered to retail investors under UK PRIIPs regulation] The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
OPTION 1 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for professional investors and ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to

--- Page 186 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
186 
 
 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for retail investors, professional 
investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, 
non- advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]1 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")]/[COBS] and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, and 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable.2] 
 
 
                                                     
1 Delete as appropriate. 
2 Delete as appropriate.

--- Page 187 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
187 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC (THE "ISSUER") 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI): 213800GNVFW5SW863K42 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF SERIES] [TITLE OF NOTES]  
under the  
EUR 10,000,000,000 TRANSALP STRUCTURED NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") contained in the Trust Terms Module dated [•]. In addition, "US$", "USD" or "$" refer 
to the lawful currency of the United States of America, being US Dollars. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2022 (as amended and/or restated from time to time) [and the 
supplements to the Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) [[and] during normal business hours at [●]] 
[and copies may be obtained from [●]]. 
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 9 November 2022 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated 
[INSERT DATE] [and [INSERT DATE]]] ([together, ] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com). 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following terms (such 
terms, together with any schedules or annexes hereto, the "Final Terms") in relation to the Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is 
provided by [specify administrator's legal name]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify 
administrator's legal name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "BMR"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue 
of Article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that 
[specify administrator's legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms] 
 [Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should be deleted 
prior to completing these Final Terms] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.)

--- Page 188 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
188 
 
 
SERIES DETAILS 
(1) 
Issuer: 
TransAlp 1 Securities PLC (the "Issuer") 
(2) 
Series Number: 
[•] [The Notes are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with [•]] 
[Tranche Number:  
[•] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide 
details of that Series, including the date on which 
the Notes become fungible]. 
(3) 
Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[EUR]/[specify] 
(4) 
Maturity Date Extension 
(Condition 9(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(5) 
Aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes to be issued as at the Issue 
Date: 
 
 
[(i)] Series:  
[•] 
 
[(ii)] Tranche:  
[•] 
(6) 
Issue Price (face value) per Note: 
[US$]/[EUR][●] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
(7) 
(i) Specified Denominations:  
[•] [and integral multiples of the Calculation 
Amount in excess thereof up to and including 
[●]] 
(Minimum of €100,000 or equivalent on the Issue 
Date) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount:  
[•] 
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if 
there is only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or 
(ii) if there are several Specified Denominations, 
the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations 
or 
(iii) 
if 
the 
Specified 
Denomination provides for the possibility of 
integral multiples in excess thereof, the size of the 
integral multiple) 
(8) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
(9) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(10) 
Maturity Date: 
[•], subject to the [Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[FRN Convention] 
(11) 
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate]

--- Page 189 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
189 
 
 
[Partly Paid Note / Zero Coupon Note] 
[Principal Protected CDO Note] 
(12) 
Interest Basis:  
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Partly Paid Note / Zero Coupon Note] 
[Principal Protected CDO Note] 
(Further particulars specified in the "Provisions 
Relating to Coupon" section below) 
(13) 
Maximum number of Notes in the 
Series on the Issue Date: 
[•] 
(14) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Secured]/[Unsecured] [limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]. 
(15) 
Transaction Documents: 
[As defined in the Conditions] [and [specify any 
additional Transaction Documents] 
(16) 
Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes: 
[•] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
(17) 
(A) [If Secured]: 
[Bonds/Notes] [specify] 
 
Mortgaged Property: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
[(i) Underlying Assets - 
Bonds/Notes: 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially comprise [•] 
in principal amount of [insert description of the 
underlying assets] identified below: 
 
 
Underlying Assets Obligor[s]: [•]/[Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
 
[Swap Counterparty: Unicredit AG] 
 
 
Address: [•] 
 
 
Country of incorporation: [•] 
 
 
Nature of business: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
[Underlying Assets Obligor – Guarantor: [•]] 
 
 
[Address: [•]] 
 
 
[Country of incorporation: [•]] 
 
 
[Nature of business: [•]]

--- Page 190 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
190 
 
 
 
 
[Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•]] 
 
 
Asset:  
 
 
ISIN: [•] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: [•] 
 
 
Coupon: [•] 
 
 
Maturity: [•] 
 
 
Currency: [•] 
 
 
Status: [•] 
 
 
Legal nature: [•] 
 
 
Governing law: [•] 
 
 
Clearing: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
[Hyperlink to documentation relating to 
Underlying Assets: [•]] Maturity: [•]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
 
 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such rights 
relate to sums held to meet payments due in 
respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes], 
the 
Swap 
Agreement and any other Transaction Document 
to which the Issuer is a party or and as specified in 
the Trust Terms Module. 
 
(B) [If Unsecured]: 
Unsecured Series Property: 
[Bonds/Notes] [Specify] 
 
[(i) Underlying Assets - 
Bonds/Notes: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable:

--- Page 191 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
191 
 
 
The Underlying Assets shall initially comprise [•] 
in principal amount of [insert description of the 
underlying assets] identified below: 
 
 
Underlying Assets Obligor[s]: [•]/[Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
 
[Swap Counterparty: Unicredit AG] 
 
 
Address: [•] 
 
 
Country of incorporation: [• ] 
 
 
Nature of business: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
Asset:  
 
 
ISIN: [•] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: [•] 
 
 
Coupon: [•] 
 
 
Maturity: [•] 
 
 
Currency: [•] 
 
 
Status: [•] 
 
 
Legal nature: [•] 
 
 
Governing law: [•] 
 
 
Clearing: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
[Hyperlink to documentation relating to 
Underlying Assets: [•]] Maturity: [•]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
 
 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such rights 
relate to sums held to meet payments due in

--- Page 192 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
192 
 
 
respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the Issuer 
purchases the [Bonds/Notes], the Swap 
Agreement and any other Transaction Document 
to which the Issuer is a party or and as specified 
in the Trust Terms Module. 
(18) 
Income on the Notes Treated as 
U.S. Source Income; 
Although the Notes will be issued by a non- U.S. 
entity, income on the Notes may be considered to 
arise in whole or in part from sources within the 
United States. Accordingly, as a matter of 
prudence, the Issuer will (and assumes 
intermediaries also will) treat all income as 
arising from sources within the United States and 
will make payments free of U.S. withholding 
(and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder 
supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax 
identification and certification forms, typically an 
IRS Form W-8BEN or W- 8BEN-E. 
(19) 
Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[The custody agreement made between, among 
others, the Custodian and the Issuer on [date].] 
[The [Bonds/Notes] will be held in a securities 
account designated as the Custodian Account 
maintained by or on behalf of the Custodian in 
accordance with the terms of the Custody 
Agreement.] 
(20) 
Counterparty Agreement(s):  
 
(i) 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Master Agreement: [•] [insert description of the 
ISDA Master Agreement in respect of the Swap 
Agreement if this is not the Master Agreement 
specified in the Master Terms and Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Swap Counterparty: 
[Unicredit AG]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Repo Counterparty: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert description] 
(vi) 
Securities Lending Counterparty: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Securities Lending Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert description]

--- Page 193 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
193 
 
 
(21) 
Instructing Creditor (See 
Conditions 3(d), 9(b)(v), 12 and 
13): 
The Noteholders 
(22) 
Credit Event: 
Each of: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation Default]/[Failure to 
Pay]/[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuring] 
in relation to the Underlying Assets  
[Each as defined in the ISDA Credit Definitions] 
(23) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
If Applicable:  
[[Nominal Basis]/[Market Value Basis]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COUPON 
(24) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i)  Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[Specify if other] 
in arrear  
 
(ii) Interest Payment Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] 
and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] 
and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other]  
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. 
London,  Dublin, New York, TARGET)  
 
(v) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates:  
[FRN 
Convention]/[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business  
Day Convention  
 
(vi) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period 
End Dates:  
[[FRN 
Convention]/[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business  
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment]  
 
(vii) [Interest Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each 
Interest Period[, provided that in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [●], [●] per 
Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]]

--- Page 194 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
194 
 
 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction:  
[1/1]  
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISMA]  
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]  
(25) 
Floating Rate Notes:** 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Floating Rate Note are "Applicable" include 
the following details, otherwise delete] 
 
(i) Interest Payment Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being 
[●] and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if 
other] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being 
[●] and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if 
other]  
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. 
London,  Dublin, New York, TARGET)  
 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates:  
[FRN Convention]/[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention  
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is / are determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate 
Determination] as per the Conditions Module 
 
(v) [ - Margin]: 
[Specify] 
 
(vi) [ - Reference Rate]; 
[If SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate include (iii) to (vi) 
below, otherwise delete]: 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[Specify]] 
 
(vii) [-SONIA Compound with 
Lookback] : 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) [-Lookback Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(ix) [-SONIA Compound 
Observation Period Shift]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) [-Observational Shift Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(xii) [Relevant Screen Page] : 
[Specify]

--- Page 195 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
195 
 
 
 
(xiii) [Screen Rate Determination]: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) [-Interest Participation Rate]: 
[Specify] 
 
(xv) [ISDA Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Specified Alternative Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(26) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(27) 
Interest Payment Date: 
[Specify] 
(28) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
(29) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
(30) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1]  
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISMA]  
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(31) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][Specify] 
(32) 
Principal Protected CDO Note 
Provisions:  
 
 
(i) Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum payable 
[annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[Specify if other] 
in arrear  
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being 
[●] and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if 
other] 
 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
 
(iv) Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1]  
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISMA]  
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 196 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
196 
 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(33) 
Default Interest:  
As per the applicable Conditions Module  
(34) 
U.S. Withholding Note/U.S. tax 
form:  
[Yes/]/[No] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO BENCHMARK DISCONTINUANCE OR PROHIBITION 
ON USE (Condition 7(b)(ii)) 
(35) 
Specified Alternative Rate:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(36) 
Benchmark Redemption Event:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(37) 
Reference Rate Redemption 
Event:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(38) 
Benchmark Event 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from the [Trade 
Date]/[Issue Date]] 
(Note: applicable only if Benchmark Redemption 
Event is specified as an Early Redemption 
Event)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(39) 
Issuer has the right to redeem 
Notes in its sole discretion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(40) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity 
Date at an amount equal to [•]. [Insert details for 
calculating final redemption amount and early 
redemption amount.] 
(41) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(42) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(43) 
Purchase at Issuer's Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(44) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(45) 
Exchange of Notes for Underlying 
Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(46) 
Exchange of Series: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(47) 
Termination of Swap Agreement 
at the Option of the Counterparty: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
197 
 
 
(48) 
Order of Priority (as specified in 
the Trust Terms Module dated on 
or about the date of these Final 
Terms in connection with the issue 
of the Notes in connection with 
these Final Terms: 
[Counterparty Priority]/[Noteholder 
Priority]/[Pari Passu Basis]/[Other Priority] 
DISTRIBUTION 
(49) 
Dealer: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
(50) 
Notes cleared through a clearing 
system: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify clearing systems] 
(51) 
U.S. federal income tax 
consequences: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Notes will not 
be Specified Notes if they do not reference any 
U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the 
Notes reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities, further analysis will be required) [Based 
on market conditions on the date of these Final 
Terms, the Issuer has made a preliminary 
determination that the Notes are [not] Specified 
Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This is a 
preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue 
Date. If the Issuer's final determination is 
different then it will give notice of such 
determination.] 
(52) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(53) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(54) 
Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION

--- Page 198 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
198 
 
 
(55) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than one, 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark].] 
[As at the date of this Final Terms, [insert name(s) 
of the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.] [repeat 
as necessary] 
HEDGE AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
(56) 
Hedge Agreements: 
[Swap Agreement] 
(57) 
[Swap Counterparty]/[Other 
Counterparty]: 
[UniCredit Bank AG] 
(58) 
Date of termination of Swap 
Agreement (pro rata, in the case of 
a purchase by the Issuer of some 
only of the Notes (as applicable)): 
[The date falling one Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date] 
(59) 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Insert any additional Security Documents in 
addition to the Trust Terms Module] 
(60) 
[If Hedge Agreement is a Swap 
Agreement, collateral under the 
Swap Agreement:] 
[cash in [currency] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
(61) 
Transaction Parties:  
[As per the Conditions][and [specify any 
additional Transaction Parties] 
(62) 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent: 
UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastraße 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany 
 
(ii) Paying Agent: 
[Citibank N.A., London Branch, [Specify 
address]]  
 
[(iii) Additional Paying Agent(s):] 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(iv) Registrar: 
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) Transfer Agent(s): 
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
 
[(vi) Cash Account Bank (if 
applicable)]: 
[Not applicable] [Specify name and address]

--- Page 199 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
199 
 
 
 
(vii) Note Custodian: 
[UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastraße 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany] 
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) Fiscal Agent (if applicable):  
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
OTHER TERMS 
(63) 
Implementation of Financial 
Transaction Tax:  
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(64) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(65) 
Form of Notes: 
[Option 1 Bearer Notes: Notes in bearer form to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note. The Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note, which is exchangeable for Bearer Notes in 
definitive form only upon an Exchange Event. The 
Notes shall be in classic global note form 
("CGN").] 
[NB: Bearer Notes should only be issued if they 
can be in registered form for U.S. Federal Income 
tax purposes] 
[Option 2 Registered Notes, no global notes: The 
Notes will be represented by Registered Note 
Certificates.] 
[Option 3 Registered Notes, with global notes The 
Notes (other than those sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors who are also Qualified 
Purchasers which shall be definitive form) will be 
represented by a Registered Global Note, 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and for Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Registered 
Global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not 
in part for registered note certificates in definitive 
form, in limited circumstances.] 
(66) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/[Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]/[Preceding 
Business Day Convention]/[FRN Convention] 
(67) 
Business Days or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Specify additional cities for Business Day and 
other payment date provisions] 
(68) 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] [Not Applicable] 
[If yes, specify dates on which such Talons 
mature] 
(69) 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
[Not applicable] [Specify details]

--- Page 200 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
200 
 
 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences (if any) 
of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
(70) 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to 
be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(71) 
Variation to provisions of 
Condition 12 (Events of Default): 
[No] [Specify details] 
(72) 
Other conditions:  
[Specify] 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
(73)  
LISTING 
 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) 
("Euronext Dublin")]  
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
Application [has been]/[will be] made to 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. [There can be no 
assurance that such application will be 
successful.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading)  
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Secondary market: 
[Specify if Dealer will provide a secondary 
market] 
(74) 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings:  
[The Notes are not rated]/[The Notes to be issued 
have been rated: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Specify if other: [●]] 
(Please include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the above ratings if this has previously been 
published by the relevant rating provider – this 
explanation is not required in the case of Notes 
with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its

--- Page 201 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
201 
 
 
equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date 
of issue) or where the Notes are not derivative 
Notes for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation). 
[[Inserting rating agency] is established in the 
European 
Union 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [As such [[Insert rating 
agency] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and is not registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"). [As such [[Insert legal name of 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency] is therefore 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
(75) 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
 
(iv) Delivery: 
[Delivery free of payment.] [Delivery versus 
payment.] 
(76) 
ESTIMATED AMOUNT OF NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) Use of Proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions"], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete this entire Section. If conflicts have been disclosed, reference 
should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed)

--- Page 202 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
202 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation) 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in [the Base Listing Particulars and] 
these Final Terms. [[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of TransAlp 1 Securities PLC acting in respect of its Series [•]:  
By:  ……………………………… 
Duly authorised

--- Page 203 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
203 
 
 
FORM OF APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form and 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement  but 
denotes directions for completing the Pricing Supplement . 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Insert if the Notes are not intended 
to be offered to retail investors under PRIIPs regulation] The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Insert if the Notes are not intended 
to be offered to retail investors under UK PRIIPs regulation] The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
OPTION 1 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for professional investors and ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to

--- Page 204 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
204 
 
 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for retail investors, professional 
investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, 
non- advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")]/[COBS] and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, and 
portfolio management, non- advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable.]4 
 
 
                                                     
3 Delete as appropriate 
4 Delete as appropriate

--- Page 205 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
205 
 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
TransAlp 1 Securities PLC (THE "ISSUER") 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI): 213800GNVFW5SW863K42 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF SERIES] [TITLE OF NOTES] under the  
EUR 10,000,000,000 TRANSALP STRUCTURED NOTE PROGRAMME 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") contained in the Trust Terms Module dated [•]. In addition, "US$", "USD" or "$" refer 
to the lawful currency of the United States of America, being US Dollars. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2022 (as amended and/or restated from time to time) [and 
the supplements to the Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
at the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) during normal business hours at [●]] [and 
copies may be obtained from [●]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following terms in 
relation to the Notes. 
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement and should be 
deleted prior to completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
SERIES DETAILS 
(1) 
Issuer: 
TransAlp 1 Securities PLC (the "Issuer") 
(2) 
Series Number: 
[•] [The Notes are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with [•]] 
[Tranche Number:  
[•] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide 
details of that Series, including the date on which 
the Notes become fungible]. 
(3) 
Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[EUR]/[specify] 
(4) 
Maturity Date Extension 
(Condition 9(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(5) 
Aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes to be issued as at the Issue 
Date: 
 
 
[(i)] Series:  
[•]

--- Page 206 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
206 
 
 
 
[(ii)] Tranche:  
[•] 
(6) 
Issue Price (face value) per Note: 
[US$]/[EUR][●] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
(7) 
(i) Specified Denominations:  
[•] [and integral multiples of the Calculation 
Amount in excess thereof up to and including 
[●]] 
 
(Minimum of [€100,000] or equivalent on the 
Issue Date) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount:  
[•] 
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if 
there is only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or 
(ii) if there are several Specified Denominations, 
the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations or (iii) if the Specified 
Denomination provides for the possibility of 
integral multiples in excess thereof, the size of the 
integral multiple) 
(8) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
(9) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(10) 
Maturity Date: 
[•], subject to the [Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[FRN Convention] 
(11) 
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Partly Paid Note / Zero Coupon Note] 
[Principal Protected CDO Note] 
(12) 
Interest Basis:  
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Partly Paid Note / Zero Coupon Note] 
[Principal Protected CDO Note] 
(Further particulars specified in the "Provisions 
Relating to Coupon" section below) 
(13) 
Maximum number of Notes in the 
Series on the Issue Date: 
[•] 
(14) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Secured]/[Unsecured] [limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]. 
(15) 
Transaction Documents: 
[As defined in the Conditions] [and [specify any 
additional Transaction Documents]

--- Page 207 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
207 
 
 
(16) 
Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes: 
[•] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
(17) 
(A) [If Secured]: 
Mortgaged Property: 
[(i) Underlying Assets - 
Bonds/Notes: 
 
[[Swaps/]5 [Bonds/Notes] [specify] 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially comprise [•] 
in principal amount of [insert description of the 
underlying assets] identified below: 
 
 
Underlying Assets Obligor[s]: [•]/[Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
 
Address: [•] 
 
 
Country of incorporation: [• ] 
 
 
Nature of business: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
Asset:  
 
 
ISIN: [•] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: [•] 
 
 
Coupon: [•] 
 
 
Maturity: [•] 
 
 
Currency: [•] 
 
 
Status: [•] 
 
 
Legal nature: [•] 
 
 
Governing law: [•] 
 
 
Clearing: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
[Hyperlink to documentation relating to 
Underlying Assets: [•]] Maturity: [•]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
 
 
If applicable: 
                                                     
5 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 208 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
208 
 
 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such rights 
relate to sums held to meet payments due in 
respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the Issuer 
purchases the [Bonds/Notes], the Swap 
Agreement and any other Transaction Document 
to which the Issuer is a party or and as specified 
in the Trust Terms Module. 
 
(B) [If Unsecured]: 
 
 
 
Unsecured Series Property: 
[[Swaps/]6 [Bonds/Notes] [Specify] 
 
[(i) Underlying Assets - 
Bonds/Notes: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially comprise [•] 
in principal amount of [insert description of the 
underlying assets] identified below: 
 
 
Underlying Assets Obligor[s]: [•]/[Swap 
Counterparty] 
 
 
Address: [•] 
 
 
Country of incorporation: [• ] 
 
 
Nature of business: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
Asset:  
 
 
ISIN: [•] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: [•] 
 
 
Coupon: [•] 
 
 
Maturity: [•] 
 
 
Currency: [•] 
 
 
Status: [•] 
 
 
Legal nature: [•] 
                                                     
6 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 209 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
209 
 
 
 
 
Governing law: [•] 
 
 
Clearing: [•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which admitted to 
trading: [•] 
 
 
[Hyperlink to documentation relating to 
Underlying Assets: [•]] 
 
(ii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such rights 
relate to sums held to meet payments due in 
respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the Issuer 
purchases the [Bonds/Notes], and/or the Swap 
Agreement and any other Transaction Document 
to which the Issuer is a party or as otherwise 
specified in the Relevant Pricing Supplement.]: 
(18) 
Income on the Notes Treated as 
U.S. Source Income: 
 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
[Insert the following if applicable: 
Although the Notes will be issued by a non- U.S. 
entity, income on the Notes may be considered to 
arise in whole or in part from sources within the 
United States. Accordingly, as a matter of 
prudence, the Issuer will (and assumes 
intermediaries also will) treat all income as 
arising from sources within the United States and 
will make payments free of U.S. withholding 
(and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder 
supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax 
identification and certification forms, typically an 
IRS Form W-8BEN or W- 8BEN-E. 
For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a 
certification or other document will be treated as 
"required by law" if it actually is required by law 
or would be required by law if the income from 
the Notes were treated as arising from sources 
within the United States for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes.] 
(19) 
Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[The custody agreement made between, among 
others, the Custodian and the Issuer on [date].] 
[The [Bonds/Notes] will be held in a securities 
account designated as the Custodian Account and 
maintained by or on behalf of the Custodian in 
accordance with the terms of the Custody 
Agreement.] 
(20) 
Counterparty Agreement(s):

--- Page 210 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
210 
 
 
(i) 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Master Agreement: [•] [insert description of the 
ISDA Master Agreement in respect of the Swap 
Agreement if this is not the Master Agreement 
specified in the Master Terms and Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Swap Counterparty: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Repo Counterparty: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert description] 
(vi) 
Securities Lending Counterparty: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Securities Lending Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert description] 
(21) 
Instructing Creditor (See 
Conditions 3(d), 9(b)(v), 12 and 
13) : 
The Noteholders 
(22) 
Credit Event: 
Each of: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation Default]/[Failure to 
Pay]/[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuring] 
in relation to the Underlying Assets 
[Each as defined in the ISDA Credit Definitions] 
(23) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
If Applicable:  
[[Nominal Basis]/[Market Value Basis]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COUPON 
(24) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i)  Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[Specify if other] 
in arrear  
 
(ii) Interest Payment Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] 
and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] 
and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other]

--- Page 211 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
211 
 
 
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. 
London,  Dublin, New York, TARGET)  
 
(v) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates:  
[FRN 
Convention]/[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business  
Day Convention  
 
(vi) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period 
End Dates:  
[[FRN 
Convention]/[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business  
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment]  
 
(vii) [Interest Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each 
Interest Period[, provided that in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [●], [●] per 
Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]]  
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction:  
[1/1]  
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISMA]  
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]  
(25) 
Floating Rate Notes: 
[If Floating Rate Note are 
"Applicable" include the following 
details, otherwise delete] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Floating Rate Note are "Applicable" include 
the following details, otherwise delete] 
 
(i) Interest Payment Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being 
[●] and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if 
other] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Dates:  
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being 
[●] and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if 
other]  
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. 
London,  Dublin, New York, TARGET)  
 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates:  
[FRN Convention]/[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day 
Convention  
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is / are determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate 
Determination] as per the Conditions Module

--- Page 212 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
212 
 
 
 
(v) [ - Margin]: 
[Specify] 
 
(vi) [ - Reference Rate]; 
[If SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate include (iii) to (vi) 
below, otherwise delete]: 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[Specify]] 
 
(vii) [-SONIA Compound with 
Lookback] : 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) [-Lookback Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(ix) [-SONIA Compound 
Observation Period Shift]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) [-Observational Shift Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(xii) [Relevant Screen Page] : 
[Specify] 
 
(xiii) [Screen Rate Determination]: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) [-Interest Participation Rate]: 
[Specify] 
 
(xv) [ISDA Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Specified Alternative Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(26) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(27) 
Interest Payment Date: 
[Specify] 
(28) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
(29) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
(30) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1]  
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISMA]  
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]  
(31) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][Specify] 
(32) 
Principal Protected CDO Note 
Provisions:  
 
 
(i) Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum payable 
[annually]/[semi-

--- Page 213 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
213 
 
 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[Specify if other] 
in arrear  
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being 
[●] and the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if 
other] 
 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
 
(iv) Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1]  
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISMA]  
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(33) 
Default Interest:  
As per the applicable Conditions Module  
(34) 
U.S. Withholding Note/U.S. tax 
form:  
[Yes/]/[No] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO BENCHMARK DISCONTINUANCE OR PROHIBITION 
ON USE (Condition 7(b)(ii)) 
(35) 
Specified Alternative Rate:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(36) 
Benchmark Redemption Event:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(37) 
Reference Rate Redemption 
Event:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(38) 
Benchmark Event 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from the [Trade 
Date]/[Issue Date]] 
(Note: applicable only if Benchmark Redemption 
Event is specified as an Early Redemption 
Event)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(39) 
Issuer has the right to redeem 
Notes in its sole discretion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(40) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity 
Date at an amount equal to [•]. [Insert details for 
calculating final redemption amount and early 
redemption amount.]

--- Page 214 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
214 
 
 
(41) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(42) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(43) 
Purchase at Issuer's Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(44) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(45) 
Exchange of Notes for Underlying 
Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(46) 
Exchange of Series: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(47) 
Termination of Swap Agreement 
at the Option of the Counterparty: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(48) 
Order of Priority (as specified in 
the Trust Terms Module dated on 
or about the date of these Final 
Terms in connection with the issue 
of the Notes in connection with 
these Final Terms: 
[Counterparty Priority]/[Noteholder 
Priority]/[Pari Passu Basis]/[Other Priority] 
DISTRIBUTION  
 
(49) 
Dealer: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
(50) 
Notes cleared through a clearing 
system: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify clearing systems] 
(51) 
U.S. federal income tax 
consequences: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Notes will not 
be Specified Notes if they do not reference any 
U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the 
Notes reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities, further analysis will be required) [Based 
on market conditions on the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has made a preliminary 
determination that the Notes are [not] Specified 
Notes for purposes of Section 871(m). This is a 
preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue 
Date. If the Issuer's final determination is 
different then it will give notice of such 
determination.] 
(52) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products

--- Page 215 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
215 
 
 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(53) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(54) 
Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION  
(55) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
are calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than 
one, specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark].] 
[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011.] [repeat as necessary] 
HEDGE AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
(56) 
Hedge Agreements: 
[Swap Agreement] 
(57) 
[Swap Counterparty]/[Other 
Counterparty]  
[UniCredit Bank AG] 
(58) 
Date of termination of Swap 
Agreement (pro rata, in the case of 
a purchase by the Issuer of some 
only of the Notes (as applicable)): 
[The date falling one Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date] 
(59) 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Insert any additional Security Documents in 
addition to the Trust Terms Module] 
(60) 
[If Hedge Agreement is a Swap 
Agreement, collateral under the 
Swap Agreement:] 
[cash in [currency] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
(61) 
Transaction Parties: 
[As per the Conditions][and [specify any 
additional Transaction Parties]

--- Page 216 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
216 
 
 
(62) 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent: 
UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastraße 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany 
 
(ii) Paying Agent: 
[Citibank N.A., London Branch, [Specify 
address]]  
 
[(iii) Additional Paying Agent(s):] 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(iv) Registrar: 
 
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) Transfer Agent(s): 
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
 
[(vi) Cash Account Bank (if 
applicable)]: 
[Not applicable] [Specify name and address] 
 
(vii) Note Custodian: 
[UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastraße 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany] 
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) Fiscal Agent (if applicable):  
[Specify name and address]/[Not applicable] 
OTHER TERMS  
 
(63) 
Implementation of Financial 
Transaction Tax: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(64) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(65) 
Form of Notes: 
[Option 1 Bearer Notes: Notes in bearer form to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note. The Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note, which is exchangeable for Bearer Notes in 
definitive form only upon an Exchange Event. 
The Notes shall be in classic global note form 
("CGN").] 
[NB: Bearer Notes should only be issued if they 
can be in registered form for U.S. Federal 
Income tax purposes] 
[Option 2 Registered Notes, no global notes: 
 
 
The Notes will be represented by Registered Note 
Certificates.] 
 
 
[Option 3 Registered Notes, with global notes The 
Notes (other than those sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors who are also Qualified 
Purchasers which shall be definitive form) will be 
represented by a Registered Global Note, 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and for Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Registered 
Global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not

--- Page 217 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
217 
 
 
in part for registered note certificates in definitive 
form, in limited circumstances.] 
(66) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/[Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]/[Preceding 
Business Day Convention]/[FRN Convention] 
(67) 
Business Days or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Specify additional cities for Business Day and 
other payment date provisions] 
(68) 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] [Not Applicable] 
[If yes, specify dates on which such Talons 
mature] 
(69) 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences (if any) 
of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late 
payment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(70) 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to 
be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(71) 
Variation to provisions of 
Condition 12 (Events of Default): 
[No] [Specify details] 
(72) 
Other conditions 
[Specify] 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
(73) 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) 
("Euronext Dublin")] [None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
Application [has been]/[will be] made to 
[Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List and admitted to trading on its 
Global Exchange Market]. [There can be no 
assurance that such application will be 
successful.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading)  
 
 
(iii) Secondary market: 
[Specify if Dealer will provide a secondary 
market]

--- Page 218 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
218 
 
 
 
 
 
(74) 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings:  
[The Notes are not rated]/[The Notes to be issued 
have been rated: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Specify if other: [●]] 
(Please include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the above ratings if this has previously been 
published by the relevant rating provider – this 
explanation is not required in the case of Notes 
with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date 
of issue) or where the Notes are not derivative 
Notes for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation). 
[[Inserting rating agency] is established in the 
European 
Union 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [As such [[Insert rating 
agency] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and is not registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"). [As such [[Insert legal name of 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency] is therefore 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
(75) 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
 
(iv) Delivery: 
[Delivery free of payment.] [Delivery versus 
payment.] 
(76) 
ESTIMATED AMOUNT OF NET PROCEEDS

--- Page 219 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
219 
 
 
 
(i) Use of Proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions"], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete this entire Section. If conflicts have been disclosed, reference 
should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed) 
 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in [the Base Listing Particulars and] this 
Pricing Supplement. [[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 220 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
220 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
£ ............................................................. 13, 151 
¥ ............................................................. 13, 140 
€ ..................................................................... 13 
2006 ISDA Definitions ................................ 130 
Accrual Period ............................................. 137 
Additional Agreement ................................. 130 
Additional Charging Document .................. 130 
Affiliate ....................................................... 130 
Agency Agreement .............................. 130, 135 
Agency Terms Module ........................ 130, 135 
Agent Bank .................................................. 130 
Agents.......................................................... 130 
Alternative Investments ........................... 1, 130 
Amortised Face Amount ....................... 68, 107 
Appointee .................................................... 131 
Arranger ................................................ 15, 131 
assets............................................................ 154 
Auditors ....................................................... 131 
authorisation ................................................ 154 
bearer ........................................................... 124 
Bearer Global Note ...................................... 131 
Bearer Notes .......................................... 13, 131 
Bearer Notes Base Conditions Module ....... 131 
Benchmark .................................................. 131 
Benchmark Event ........................................ 131 
Benchmark Redemption Event .................... 131 
Business Day ............................................... 131 
Business Day Convention ........................... 132 
C Rules ................................................ 132, 177 
Calculation Agent ........................................ 132 
Cash Collateral ............................................ 132 
Cash Deposit Account ................................. 133 
Charged Agreement(s) ................................ 133 
Charged Agreements ....................... 21, 82, 119 
Charged Assets ................................ 20, 82, 133 
Charged Assets Acceleration ................. 66, 133 
Charged Assets Event of Default .................. 66 
Charged Assets Issuer ........................... 66, 133 
Charged Assets Repudiation/Moratorium .... 66, 
133 
Charged Assets Restructuring ............... 66, 133 
Charged Assets Top Up Costs ....................... 49 
Charged Event of Default ............................ 133 
Charged Rights ............................................ 133 
Charging Document .................................... 133 
Clearing System Business Day .................... 133 
Clearing Systems ......................................... 133 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ..................... 13, 133 
Common Depositary.................................... 133 
Companies Act ............................................ 181 
Conditions ............................................. 44, 134 
Conditions Modules .................................... 134 
Consenting Holders ........................ 49, 87, 134 
Counterparty ............................................... 134 
Counterparty Account ................................. 134 
Counterparty Priority Basis ........................ 134 
Couponholders ............................................ 134 
Coupons ...................................................... 134 
Credit Support Annex ................................. 134 
Credit Support Annex Terms Module ........ 134 
Cross Default ................................................ 19 
Currencies ..................................................... 16 
Currency of Issue ........................................ 134 
Custodian .............................................. 15, 134 
Custodian Account...................................... 135 
D Rules ............................................... 135, 177 
Dealer ................................................ 1, 15, 135 
Dealers ............................................................ 1 
Debt Investments .................................... 1, 135 
Deed of Covenant Module .......................... 135 
Definitions Modules ................................... 135 
Denominations .............................................. 18 
Description .................................................... 15 
Designated Counterparty ............................ 135 
Determination Date ..................................... 135 
Determination Period .................................. 135 
Distribution ................................................... 16 
Distribution Compliance Period ................. 135 
Early Redemption ......................................... 18 
Early Redemption Amount ......................... 135 
Eligible Assets ............................................ 136 
Eligible Investments ................................... 136 
EUR ...................................................... 13, 136 
EURIBOR ..................................................... 29 
euro ....................................................... 13, 136 
Euroclear ............................................... 13, 136 
Euronext Dublin ......................................... 136 
Event of Default ............................ 76, 114, 136 
Exchange Act .............................................. 136 
Exchange Date ............................................ 136 
Exchange Event .......................................... 136 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................ 136 
FATCA withholding ............................. 64, 102 
FCA .............................................................. 30 
Final Redemption Amount ......................... 136 
Final Terms ................................................. 140 
First Substitution Period ......................... 52, 91 
Fiscal Agency Series................................... 137 
Fiscal Agency Terms Module ..................... 137 
Fiscal Agent .......................................... 15, 137 
Fitch ...................................................... 19, 137 
Fixed Day Count Fraction .......................... 137

--- Page 221 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
2 
 
 
Fixed Interest Period ................................... 137 
Fixed Rate Notes ................................... 17, 138 
Floating Day Count Fraction ....................... 138 
Floating Rate Notes ............................... 17, 138 
Floating Rate Option ................................... 138 
Following Business Day Convention .......... 132 
Form of Notes ................................................ 17 
FRN Convention ......................................... 132 
FSMA .......................................................... 138 
Further Fungible Notes .................. 81, 119, 138 
General Definitions Module ........................ 138 
Global Certificate ........................................ 139 
Global Note ................................................. 139 
Governing Law .............................................. 22 
Governmental Authority................ 67, 105, 139 
Group of 7 ................................................... 139 
Hedge Agreement ........................................ 139 
HMRC ......................................................... 173 
holder of Notes ............................................ 142 
IBA ................................................................ 30 
IBORs ............................................................ 31 
Indexed Interest Notes ................................. 139 
Individual Certificates ................................. 139 
Initial Charged Assets ........................... 48, 139 
Initial Issuer ............................................... 1, 15 
Initial Series Assets ..................................... 139 
Initial Tranche ............................................. 139 
Initial Underlying Assets ....................... 86, 139 
Instructing Creditor ............................... 22, 139 
interest ......................................................... 174 
Interest Amount ........................................... 139 
Interest Amounts ..................................... 60, 98 
Interest Determination Date ........................ 140 
Interest Payment Date ................................. 140 
Interest Period ............................................. 140 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement ................... 140 
ISDA Definitions ......................................... 140 
Issuance Document.......................................... 1 
Issue Date .................................................... 140 
Issue Deed ................................................... 140 
Issue Price ..................................................... 16 
Issuer ......................................................... 1, 15 
Japanese Yen ......................................... 13, 140 
Liability ....................................................... 140 
LIBOR ........................................................... 29 
Liquidation Assets ........................... 49, 87, 140 
Liquidation Proceeds ....................... 49, 87, 140 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange ..................... 140 
Mandatory Reference Rate Event ................ 140 
Margin ......................................................... 141 
Market Value ................................. 70, 108, 141 
Market Value Basis ..................................... 141 
Maturing Charged Assets ...................... 51, 141 
Maturing Underlying Assets ................. 90, 141 
Maturities ...................................................... 16 
Maturity Date .............................................. 141 
Maximum Amount of Programme ................ 16 
Maximum Interest Rate .............................. 142 
MiFID Regulations ..................................... 181 
Minimum Interest Rate ............................... 142 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................... 132 
Moody's ................................................ 19, 142 
New Series of Notes ............................... 50, 89 
Nominal Basis ............................................. 142 
Note Creditors ............................................. 142 
Noteholder .................................................. 142 
Noteholder Priority Basis ........................... 142 
Noteholders ............................................. 1, 142 
Notes ................................. 1, 82, 119, 142, 143 
Optional Call Redemption Amount ............ 143 
Optional Call Redemption Date .................. 143 
Optional Early Redemption .......................... 19 
Optional Put Redemption Amount ............. 143 
Optional Put Redemption Date ................... 143 
outstanding .................................................. 143 
Outstanding Principal Amount ................... 144 
Pari Passu Basis .......................................... 144 
Partly Paid Notes ........................................ 144 
pay .............................................................. 148 
Paying Agents ............................................. 144 
Payment Day ............................................... 144 
Permanent Bearer Global Note ................... 145 
Permitted Currency ....................... 67, 105, 145 
Placing Agreement...................................... 145 
Placing Terms Module ................................ 145 
Potential Event of Default .......................... 145 
Pounds .................................................. 13, 151 
Pounds Sterling ..................................... 13, 151 
Preceding Business Day Convention .......... 132 
Pricing Supplement ......................................... 1 
principal ...................................................... 174 
Principal Paying Agent ......................... 15, 145 
Priority of Claims ......................................... 21 
Priority Ranking Basis ................................ 145 
Proceedings ........................................... 83, 120 
Programme .............................................. 1, 145 
Put Notice ............................................. 68, 106 
Put Notices .................................................. 145 
quoted eurobonds ........................................ 168 
Rate of Interest ............................................ 145 
Rating ............................................................ 19 
Rating Agency ............................................ 146 
Rating Agency Confirmation ...................... 146 
Realisation Amount .................................... 146 
Record Date ................................................ 146 
redeem ........................................................ 148 
Reference Rate ............................................ 146 
Reference Rate Event ................................. 146 
Reference Rate Redemption Event ............. 147 
Register ....................................................... 147 
Registered Notes ................................... 13, 147 
Registered Notes Conditions Module ......... 147 
Registrar ................................................ 15, 147

--- Page 222 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
3 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark ................................... 147 
Relevant Date ................................ 77, 115, 147 
Relevant Financial Centre ........................... 148 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................... 148 
Relevant Territory ....................................... 169 
Relevant Time ............................................. 148 
repay ............................................................ 148 
Replacement Adjustment Spread ................ 148 
Replacement Alternative Rate ..................... 148 
Replacement Assets ................................. 48, 87 
Replacement Industry Rate ......................... 149 
Replacement Reference Rate ....................... 149 
Replacement Swap .................................. 50, 89 
Requesting Noteholder .................... 48, 87, 149 
Required Minimum Noteholders ................. 149 
Restructure Documents ................... 49, 87, 149 
RFRs .............................................................. 31 
Rights .......................................................... 149 
S&P ....................................................... 19, 149 
Sale Agreement ........................................... 149 
Sale Agreement Terms Module ................... 149 
Sale Request .................................... 48, 87, 149 
Schuldscheine .............................................. 149 
Secured Creditors ........................................ 149 
Secured Property ......................................... 150 
Secured Series ............................................. 150 
Securities Act .......................................... 7, 150 
Securities and Exchange Law ...................... 150 
Security.......................................................... 20 
Security Documents .................................... 150 
Security Interests ......................................... 150 
Selling Agent ............................................... 150 
Selling Restrictions ....................................... 22 
Senior Obligation .................................. 67, 105 
Series ........................................................... 150 
Series Assets ................................................ 150 
Series Property ............................................ 150 
Series Rights ................................................ 150 
Share ............................................................ 158 
Share Trustee ............................................... 158 
Shares .......................................................... 158 
shortfall.................................................... 55, 93 
Shortfall Date ................................ 62, 101, 150 
Sovereign ....................................... 67, 106, 150 
Specified Alternative Rate ........................... 150 
Specified Denomination .............................. 151 
Specified Interest Payment Date ................. 151 
Status of Notes .............................................. 19 
Sterling .................................................. 13, 151 
Stock Exchange ........................................... 151 
Subordinated .......................................... 67, 105 
Subordinated Obligation........................ 67, 105 
Subordination ................................ 67, 105, 151 
Subsidiary ................................................... 151 
Substitution Notice ......................... 48, 86, 151 
Substitution Period.................................. 52, 91 
sub-unit ....................................................... 151 
successor ..................................................... 151 
Swap Adjustment Cost ................... 50, 88, 151 
Swap Agreement ......................................... 151 
Swap Counterparty ......................................... 1 
Swap Mark-to-Market .................. 70, 108, 151 
Swap Schedule Terms Module ................... 151 
Talons ......................................................... 151 
Target System ............................................. 152 
Taxation ........................................................ 19 
TCA ............................................................ 168 
Temporary Bearer Global Note .................. 152 
Temporary Global Note ................................ 13 
Tranche ....................................................... 152 
Transaction Documents ................ 82, 119, 152 
Transaction Party ........................................ 152 
TransAlp 1 Declaration of Trust ................. 158 
Transfer Agents .......................................... 152 
Trust Instrument ......................................... 152 
Trust Terms Module ................................... 152 
Trustee .................................................. 16, 152 
Trustee Series ............................................. 152 
Types of Notes .............................................. 16 
U.S. $ .......................................................... 153 
U.S. cents .............................................. 13, 153 
U.S. dollars ........................................... 13, 153 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code ....................... 153 
U.S. person ................................................. 153 
U.S.$ ............................................................. 13 
UK interest .................................................. 174 
Underlying Assets ........................... 1, 119, 152 
Underlying Assets Acceleration ................. 104 
Underlying Assets Event of Default ... 104, 152 
Underlying Assets Issuer .................... 104, 153 
Underlying Assets Repudiation/Moratorium
 ............................................................ 104, 153 
Underlying Assets Restructuring ........ 104, 153 
Underlying Assets Top Up Costs ................. 87 
Underlying Property ................................... 153 
Underlying Rights ....................................... 153 
UniCredit ........................................................ 1 
Unsecured Series ........................................ 153 
Valuation Buffer ......................................... 153 
Valuation Event ............................ 70, 109, 153 
Vendor ........................................................ 153 
Yen........................................................ 13, 140 
Zero-Coupon Notes .................................... 153

--- Page 223 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
 
223 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUER
TransAlp 1 Securities plc 
Block A 
George's Quay Plaza  
George's Quay  
Dublin 
Ireland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
TRUSTEE 
Vistra Capital Markets Trustees Limited 
7th Floor  
50 Broadway  
London SW1H 0BD 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
33 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe Public Limited Company 
1 North Wall Quay Dublin 1  
D01T 8Y1 
Ireland 
CUSTODIAN 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
33 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Paul Hastings (Europe) LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom

--- Page 224 ---
LEGAL_EU # 33715800.8 
 
 
224 
 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Irish law 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
AUDITORS TO TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC 
MAZARS 
Harcourt Centre 
Block 3, Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland  
 CORPORATE ADMINISTRATOR OF TRANSALP 1 SECURITIES PLC 
Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Limited 
Block A 
George's Quay Plaza  
George's Quay  
Dublin 2 
Ireland  
LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland