--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
TÜRKİYE GARANTİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
US$6,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş., a banking institution organised as a joint stock company under 
the laws of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and registered with the İstanbul Trade Registry under number 159422 (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), may from time to time issue 
notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) or investor(s). 
Notes may be issued in either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”); provided that the Notes may be offered and sold in the 
United States only in registered form except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. As of the time of each issuance of Notes, the maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed US$6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued from time to time to: (a) one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme - The Programme” and any 
additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis, and/or 
(b) one or more investor(s) purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer. 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER THE FACTORS SET FORTH UNDER “RISK 
FACTORS” FOR A DISCUSSION OF CERTAIN OF THESE RISKS. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), of the United States of America (the “United 
States” or “U.S.”) or any other U.S. federal or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (“U.S. 
person”) as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act (“Rule 144A”) in a transaction satisfying the conditions of Rule 144A or unless another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of the United States and each applicable state or other jurisdiction of the United States. See “Form of the Notes” for a description of 
the manner in which Notes will be issued. For a description of certain restrictions on the sale and transfer of investments in the Notes, see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Where 
the “United States” is referenced herein with respect to Regulation S, such shall have the meaning provided thereto in Rule 902 of Regulation S. 
This base prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes having a maturity of one year or more 
that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member 
state (a “Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time, if applicable) is valid until 18 July 2024 in relation to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information in this Base Prospectus that may affect the assessment of 
a Series of Notes and that arises or is noted between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins for 
such Series, whichever occurs later, such shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. In accordance with Article 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This document constitutes “listing particulars” for the purposes of Notes issued under the Programme having a maturity of less than one year that are to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market (“GEM”) of Euronext Dublin. This document has been approved as listing particulars by Euronext Dublin. Application 
may be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes having a maturity of less than one year to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on GEM. 
References in this Base Prospectus to any Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application has been made to the Capital Markets Board (the “CMB”) of Türkiye, in its capacity as competent authority under Law No. 6362 (the “Capital Markets 
Law”) of Türkiye relating to capital markets, for its approval of the issuance and sale of Notes by the Bank outside of Türkiye. No Notes may be sold before the necessary approvals 
are obtained from the CMB. The CMB approval letter based upon which any offering of the Notes may be conducted was obtained on 2 March 2023 and, to the extent (and in the 
form) required by applicable law, a written approval of the CMB in relation to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be required to be obtained on or before the issue date 
(an “Issue Date”) of such Tranche of Notes. Unless the Bank obtains the necessary new approvals from the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount issued under such approval 
(whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed US$2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Under current Turkish tax law, withholding tax might apply to payments of interest on the Notes. See “Taxation - Certain Turkish Tax Considerations.” 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of a Tranche of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and certain other 
information that is applicable to such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (for a Tranche, its “Final Terms”) or a pricing supplement (for a Tranche, its “Pricing 
Supplement”), as the case may be. With respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin or any other regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin or the competent authority for such other market, in the case of Notes having a maturity of one year or more, or 
Euronext Dublin or the competent authority for such other market, in the case of Notes having a maturity of less than one year. For so long as any Note is admitted to the Official 
List, copies of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for such Note will also be published on the Issuer’s website at https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/debt-
information/year-list/GMTN/48/472/0. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (in the case of Notes purchased directly from the Issuer by one or more investor(s)) the relevant investor(s) (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” (for short-term issuances) by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and “B3” (for long-term issuances) 
by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” and, with Fitch, the “Rating Agencies”). The Bank has also been rated by the Rating Agencies and JCR Eurasia Rating (“JCR 
Eurasia”) as set out on pages 141 and 142 of this Base Prospectus. Please see such pages with respect to the Rating Agencies’ registration and/or endorsement in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”) and/or the European Union (the “EU”), as applicable. Series of Notes may either be rated by any rating agency (including by any one or more of the Rating Agencies) or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated (other than in the case of unsolicited ratings), the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for such 
Tranche and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned by the applicable rating agency to the Notes of other Series or (if rated by Fitch and/or Moody’s) the rating 
described above. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank
BBVA
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC
ING
J.P. Morgan
Mashreqbank
Mizuho
Morgan Stanley
MUFG
SMBC Nikko
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
Standard Chartered Bank
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 July 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
Notes having a maturity of one year or more. This document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year or for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) of, or any other provision of or rule 
under, the Securities Act. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus and, for each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such information is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that: (a) this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) 
contains all information that in its view is material in the context of the issuance and offering of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), (b) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, (c) any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus (including in any of the documents (or applicable portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) on the part 
of the Issuer are honestly held or made by the Issuer and are not misleading in any material respects, and there are no other 
facts the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such 
opinions, predictions or intentions misleading in any material respect, and (d) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the 
Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are (or portions of which are) incorporated 
by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents (or the applicable portions thereof) are incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
To the full extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates 
accept any responsibility for: (a) the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering 
of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), (b) any statement consistent with this Base Prospectus made, or purported to be 
made, by a Dealer or an Arranger or on its behalf in connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) or (c) any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other Person (as defined in Condition 5.4) in 
connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Each Dealer and Arranger 
accordingly disclaims (including on behalf of their respective affiliates) all and any liability that it might otherwise have 
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise) in respect of the accuracy or completeness of any such information or statements. The 
Arrangers and Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates: (a) accepts any responsibility for any 
environmental or sustainability assessment of any Sustainable Notes, (b) makes any representation as to the suitability of any 
Sustainable Notes issued pursuant to the Programme to fulfil environmental, social or sustainability criteria required by any 
prospective investors or (c) makes any assurance or representation as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the Sustainable Notes. Neither the Arrangers nor 
the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for undertaking, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green 
Bonds and/or Social Bonds (each as defined in “Use of Proceeds”), any verification of whether any loans within the portfolio 
of Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of 
any Sustainable Notes (or an amount equal to the net proceeds). Investors should refer to the Issuer’s SDG Bond Framework 
referred to in “Use of Proceeds.” 
In connection with the Programme or an issue and offering of Notes, no Person is or has been authorised by the 
Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied by (or with the consent of) the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with the Programme or any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arrangers 
or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any such other information should 
invest in any Notes. Each investor contemplating investing in any Note should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of the

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and (iii) make 
its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to 
its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, 
in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor, except to the extent explicitly stated therein, any other information supplied by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer or any of the Arrangers or Dealers in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by (or on behalf of) the Issuer, any of the Arrangers or Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates to any Person to subscribe for or purchase any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). This Base Prospectus is 
intended only to provide information to assist potential investors in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or invest in, the 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this 
Base Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof (or, if such information is stated to be as of an earlier 
date, subsequent to such earlier date) or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) might be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be lawfully offered, in any such jurisdiction 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any advertisement or any other material relating to the Programme in any jurisdiction in which action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly: (a) no Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and (b) neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other material relating to the Programme may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction except, in each case, under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) come(s) must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any advertisement or other 
material relating to the Programme and the offering and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein). In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer and/or sale of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), Singapore, Japan, Canada and Switzerland. See 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
In making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, investors must rely upon their own examination of the 
Issuer and the terms of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The 
Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of the United States 
or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States and, other than the approvals of the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”) of 
Türkiye, the CMB and the Central Bank of Ireland described herein, have not been approved or disapproved by any securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction, nor has any such authority (other than the 
Central Bank of Ireland to the extent described herein) approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary might be unlawful. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates, counsel or other representatives 
makes any representation to any actual or potential investor in the Notes regarding the legality under any law of its investment 
in the Notes. Any investor in the Notes should ensure that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes 
for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes might not be a suitable investment for all investors. As noted above, each potential investor contemplating 
making an investment in the Notes must make its own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of its 
own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors that are 
relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. In 
particular, each potential investor in the Notes should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisors, whether it:

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the applicable Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in (including incorporated by reference 
into) this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto, 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
circumstances, an investment in the applicable Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio, 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the applicable 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currency(ies) or where the currency for 
principal and/or interest payments is different from such potential investor’s currency, 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets, and 
(e) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that might affect its 
investment in the Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations might restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to laws and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its 
legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent: (a) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are legal investments for it, 
(b) its investment in the Notes can be used by it as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to 
its purchase, holding or pledge of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of their investments in the Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or other rules. Each potential investor in the Notes should consult its own advisors as to the legal, 
tax, business, financial and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
The CMB approval based upon which any offering of the Notes may be conducted was obtained by the Issuer on 
2 March 2023 and is reflected in a CMB letter dated 6 March 2023 and numbered E-29833736-105.02.02-34212 and the final 
CMB approved issuance certificate (in Turkish: onaylanmış ihraç belgesi) dated 6 March 2023 and numbered 12/272 
(together, the “CMB Approval”). The Issuer also obtained the BRSA approval letter (dated 7 February 2023 and numbered 
E-20008792-101.02.01[42]-76035) (the “BRSA Approval” and, with the CMB Approval, the “Programme Approvals”) 
required for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum principal amount of securities that the Bank can issue 
under the CMB Approval is US$2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate (the “Approved Issuance 
Limit”); provided that, as per the BRSA Approval, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments 
denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Issuer (whether under these approvals or otherwise) may not exceed 
TL 50,000,000,000. It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes or the amount 
permitted to be issued under the Programme, unless the Bank obtains new approval(s) from the CMB, the aggregate principal 
amount of securities issued under the CMB Approval (whether issued under the Programme or otherwise) cannot exceed the 
Approved Issuance Limit. As per the Green Debt Instruments, Sustainable Debt Instruments, Green Lease Certificates, 
Sustainable Lease Certificates Guide published by the CMB on 24 February 2022, in order to make sustainable/green 
issuances outside of Türkiye, the Issuer is required to obtain a separate approval from the CMB in addition to the CMB 
Approval. In addition to the Programme Approvals, but only to the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an 
approval of the CMB in respect of each Tranche of Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer on or before the Issue Date 
of such Tranche, which date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The scope of the 
Programme Approvals might be amended and/or new approvals from the CMB and/or the BRSA might be obtained from 
time to time. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the respective dates of the Programme Approvals were issued 
under previously existing BRSA and CMB approvals. 
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency (as amended, 
“Decree 32”), the Banking Law No. 5411 of 2005 (as amended, the “Banking Law”), and its related law, the Capital Markets 
Law and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 of the CMB (as amended, the “Debt Instruments 
Communiqué”) and its related law. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB Approval were issued 
under previously existing CMB approvals. 
In addition, in accordance with the Programme Approvals, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be 
offered or sold outside of Türkiye. Under the Programme Approvals, the BRSA and the CMB have authorised the offering, 
sale and issue of the Notes on the condition that no transaction that qualifies as a sale or offering of Notes (or beneficial

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
interests therein) in Türkiye may be engaged in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 
2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the 
secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish 
Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, 
purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited 
(reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for each of clauses (a) and (b), such purchase or sale is made through licensed banks 
authorised by the BRSA or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to CMB regulations and the purchase price is 
transferred through such licensed banks. As such, Turkish residents should use such licensed banks or such licensed brokerage 
institutions when purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and should transfer the purchase price through such 
licensed banks. The requirements in this paragraph are herein referred to as the “Turkish Purchase Requirements.” 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositaries Regulation of the EU, a trade in the 
secondary markets within the EU might be required to settle in two applicable business days unless the parties to such trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the EU on the trade date relating to 
such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a 
settlement cycle longer than such number of days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to 
prevent a failed settlement. 
Monies paid for the purchase of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are not protected by the insurance coverage 
provided by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (in Turkish: Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu) (the “SDIF”) of Türkiye. 
Pursuant to the Debt Instruments Communiqué, the Issuer is required to notify the Central Securities Depository of 
Türkiye (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt Kuruluşu A.Ş.) (trade name: Central Registry İstanbul (in Turkish: Merkezi Kayıt 
İstanbul)) (“Central Registry İstanbul”) within three İstanbul business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of 
Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian 
and currency of such Notes and the country of issuance. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “MIFID II PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE” that will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes 
and which channels for distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any Person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise 
none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE” that will outline the target market assessment of the applicable manufacturer(s) in respect of such Notes 
and which channels for distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are appropriate. In those cases, any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s); however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment of such manufacturer(s)) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein), but otherwise none of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes might be calculated by reference to the following 
benchmark reference rates that are provided by the following benchmark administrators (each a “Benchmark Administrator”): 
Benchmark Reference Rates 
Benchmark Administrator 
SONIA.................................................
Bank of England
SOFR...................................................
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
EURIBOR ...........................................
European Money Markets Institute
TLREF.................................................
TLREF Committee(1)
HIBOR ................................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
ROBOR...............................................
National Bank of Romania
PRIBOR ..............................................
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.
SIBOR.................................................
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd.
NIBOR ................................................
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS
WIBOR ...............................................
Warsaw Stock Exchange
CNH HIBOR.......................................
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association
__________________________________________________________ 
(1) 
TLREF Committee (in Turkish: TLREF Komitesi) includes a member from each of the Central Bank, the Turkish Treasury, the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Turkish Capital Markets Association (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the İstanbul 
Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and the Borsa İstanbul. 
The applicable Final Terms (but not any Pricing Supplement) in respect of any Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will 
specify whether or not the applicable Benchmark Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the 
“Register of Administrators”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 8 June 2016 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute, Czech Financial 
Benchmark Facility s.r.o. and ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte. Ltd. appear on the Register of Administrators, but 
none of the other Benchmark Administrators appear on the Register of Administrators, though the Bank of England and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as central banks, are not required to appear on the Register of Administrators pursuant 
to Article 2(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the Benchmark Administrators that are not registered as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus in the Register of Administrators is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if non-EU-based, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains some statements that might be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include (without limitation) statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “believes,” “intends,” “plans,” “aims,” “seeks,” “may,” “might,” 
“will,” “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) in the sections titled “Risk 
Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical 
and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business,” and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
● 
strategy and objectives, 
● 
trends affecting the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, 
● 
asset portfolios, 
● 
expected credit losses, 
● 
capital spending, 
● 
legal proceedings, and 
● 
the Group’s potential exposure to market risk and other risk factors. 
Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results might differ materially from 
those expressed in these forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer has identified certain of the risks inherent in these forward-looking statements and these are set out under 
“Risk Factors.”

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer’s management believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in the forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if 
one or more of the risks or uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements materialise(s), including those identified 
in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, then the Issuer’s 
actual results of operation might vary from those expected, estimated or projected and those variations might be material. 
There might be other risks, including some risks of which the Issuer is unaware, that might adversely affect the 
Group’s results, the Notes or the accuracy of forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus. Therefore, potential 
investors should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or 
uncertainties of investing in the Notes. 
Potential investors should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date 
of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in 
expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statement is 
based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus might be provided on a confidential basis in the United States to QIBs under Rule 144A and 
“accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions (“Institutional 
Accredited Investors”), and to investors within the United States with whom “offshore transactions” under Regulation S can 
be entered into, for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of an investment in certain Notes. Its use 
for any other purpose in the United States or by any U.S. person is not authorised. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), of 
the United States of America and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities or “blue sky” 
laws of any state of the United States or any other U.S. jurisdiction. Each investor, by purchasing a Note (or a beneficial 
interest therein), agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be reoffered, resold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred only upon registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to the exemptions from the 
registration requirements thereof described under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Each investor also will be deemed to 
have made certain representations and agreements as described therein. Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or 
other attempted transfer, of the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) that is not made in accordance with the transfer 
restrictions may subject the transferor and/or transferee to certain liabilities under applicable securities laws. Furthermore, 
purchasers of IAI Notes (including beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes) will be required to execute and deliver an 
investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an “IAI Investment Letter”). 
The Notes (or beneficial interests therein) generally may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons only if such U.S. persons are either QIBs or Institutional Accredited Investors, in either 
case in registered form and in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or any other applicable exemption. Each investor in Notes that is a U.S. 
person or is in the United States is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to it 
might be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or (in certain limited circumstances) Regulation S. 
Purchasers of IAI Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter. Each investor in an IAI Note, a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein), to have made certain representations and agreements as set out in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes.” 
Potential investors that are U.S. persons should note that the Issue Date for a Tranche of Notes may be more than 
two relevant business days (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+2”) following the trade date of such Notes. Under

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
Rule 15c6-l of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), of the United States, a trade in the 
United States in the secondary market generally is required to settle in two business days unless otherwise expressly agreed 
to by the parties at the time of the transaction. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the United States 
on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes 
initially will likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such 
trade to prevent a failed settlement. In February 2023, Rule 15c6-1 was amended so that, effective as of 28 May 2024, such 
settlement period will be reduced to one business day. 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in a deed poll dated 15 October 2021 (such deed poll as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Deed Poll”) to provide to each holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities and to each prospective purchaser (as 
designated by any such holder), upon the request of any such holder or prospective purchaser, the information required to be 
delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if any of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be transferred 
remain outstanding as such “restricted securities” and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of 
the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF 
SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and (b) the 
expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – Public Offer 
Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
below. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to EEA 
Retail Investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
or otherwise making them available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “PROHIBITION OF 
SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS,” then such Notes (and beneficial interests therein) are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor 
in the UK. For these purposes: (a) “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the UK and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). See “Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions – Selling Restrictions – United Kingdom” below. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors 
in the UK has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or otherwise making 
them available to any UK Retail Investor in the UK might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer may make a determination about the classification of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”). The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend titled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore” that will state the product classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, all Notes (or beneficial interests therein) shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend 
included in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more of the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (each a “Stabilisation Manager”) (or Persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) might overallot such Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of an investment in such Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail; however, stabilisation might not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action might begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, might cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer may not (whether through overallotment or otherwise) issue more 
Notes than have been authorised by the CMB or are permitted under the Programme.

--- Page 10 ---
ix 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Bank is required to maintain its books of account and prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with 
the BRSA Principles (such financial statements, including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, 
the “BRSA Financial Statements”). The Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements are filed with the Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (“Borsa 
İstanbul”) and the Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are used for determinations of the Bank’s and the 
Group’s compliance with Turkish regulatory requirements established by the BRSA, including for the calculation of capital 
adequacy ratios. All financial statements incorporated by reference herein, including the Bank’s consolidated and 
unconsolidated annual statutory financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 (including comparative 
information for 2020) and 2022 (including comparative information for 2021) (in each case, including any notes thereto and 
the independent auditor’s audit report thereon) (the “BRSA Annual Financial Statements”) and the Bank’s consolidated and 
unconsolidated interim statutory financial statements as of and for the three month period ended 31 March 2023 (including 
comparative information for the same period of 2022) (including any notes thereto and the independent auditor’s review report 
thereon) (the “BRSA Interim Financial Statements”), have been prepared and presented in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles except for the general reserves (which do not meet the recognition criteria of Turkish Accounting Standards 37 
“Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”) recognised by the Bank. The independent auditor’s report 
included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein includes a qualification regarding general 
reserves recognised by the Bank. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related 
Risks – Audit Qualification.” 
Pursuant to the “Communiqué amending the Communiqué on the Turkish Accounting Standard 27 (TAS 27) 
Separate Financial Statements” published in the Official Gazette dated 9 April 2015 and numbered 29321, Turkish companies 
are provided the option of accounting for investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates at cost in accordance with 
the provisions of TFRS 9 or by using the equity method defined in TAS 28. As of 28 February 2022, the Bank switched its 
accounting for investments in non-financial subsidiaries to using the equity method, replacing the previous approach of 
accounting for non-financial subsidiaries at cost (after deducting any impairment). Due to this and related changes to the 
Group’s accounting, the BRSA Financial Statements for 2020 and 2021 were restated. See notes 3.28.1 and 3.29.1 in the 
Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. As a result, the financial 
information as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and 
the year ended 31 December 2021 should be understood accordingly. 
In this Base Prospectus, “BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of 
banks in Türkiye (including the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” related 
with the Banking Law as published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the 
accounting records of banks published by the board of the BRSA and circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) 
and, for matters that are not regulated by such laws, the Turkish Accounting Standards 34 (“TAS 34”) Interim Financial 
Reporting Standard and the “Turkish Financial Reporting Standards” (“TFRS”) issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting 
and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu Gözetimi Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu) (the “POA”). 
The Bank’s and the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in 
accordance with Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 9 (Financial Instruments), which are the IFRS 9-compliant financial 
reporting standards of Türkiye (“TFRS 9”), Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 15 (Revenue from Customer Contracts) 
(“TFRS 15”) and Turkish Financial Reporting Standards 16 (Leases) (“TFRS 16”). 
The Bank’s foreign subsidiaries maintain their books of account and prepare their financial statements in accordance 
with the generally accepted accounting principles and the related rules applicable in the countries in which they operate and, 
while preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group, these are adjusted and classified pursuant to the BRSA 
Principles. 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared on a historical cost basis except for: (a) financial assets measured at 
fair value through profit or loss, (b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, (c) derivative 
financial instruments and (d) real estate, each of which are presented on a fair value basis. It is important to note that the 
Group’s BRSA Financial Statements reflect a full consolidation only of financial subsidiaries whereas other equity 
participations are accounted for using the equity method as defined in TAS 28 (“Investments in Associates and Joint 
Ventures”) (certain information with respect to such investments in subsidiaries and other associates can be found in 
notes 5.1.10.1 and 5.1.11.1 of the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements). 
The: (a) BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited, the BRSA 
Interim Financial Statements were reviewed and the additional BRSA Financial Statements for 2023 will be audited or

--- Page 11 ---
x 
reviewed (as applicable) by independent auditors Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali Müşavirlik A.Ş., a 
member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited (“EY”), and (b) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 were audited by independent auditors KPMG Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. (a member firm of KPMG International Cooperative) (“KPMG”), all in accordance with the Regulation on 
Independent Auditing of Banks published by the BRSA in the Official Gazette No. 29314 dated 2 April 2015 (the “Turkish 
Auditor Regulation”) and the Standards on Independent Auditing, which is a component of the Turkish Auditing Standards 
published by the POA. See EY’s reports and KPMG’s independent auditor report included within each of the applicable 
BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. With respect to the BRSA Interim Financial 
Statements, EY has (inter alia) reported that they applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for 
review of such information; however, their report therein states that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on 
interim financial contained within the BRSA Interim Financial Statements. Accordingly, the degree of reliance upon their 
report on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. The Bank has 
appointed EY to act as its independent auditor with respect to 2023. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, 
were prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
While neither the Bank nor the Group is required by law to prepare its accounts under any accounting standards other 
than according to the BRSA Principles, including under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the Bank’s 
management has for the time being elected to publish audited annual consolidated and unaudited quarterly consolidated 
financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS (such financial statements, including any notes thereto 
and the independent auditor’s reports thereon, being referred to as “IFRS Financial Statements”). IFRS Financial Statements 
are not used by the Bank for any regulatory purposes and the Bank’s management uses the BRSA Financial Statements and 
the BRSA Principles for the management of the Bank and communications with investors. As the Bank’s management uses 
the BRSA Financial Statements, including in its communications with investors, IFRS Financial Statements are not included 
in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent stated otherwise, the financial data for the Group included herein have been extracted, without 
material adjustment, from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Potential investors in 
the Notes should note that this Base Prospectus also includes certain financial information for the Bank, which has been 
extracted, without material adjustment, from the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. Such 
financial information is identified as being of “the Bank” in the description of the associated tables or information. Such 
Bank-only financial information is (inter alia) presented in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its 
Business.” 
Pursuant to TAS 29, Financial Reporting in High Inflation Economies (“TAS 29”) under TFRS and the corresponding 
International Accounting Standards 29 (“IAS 29”) under IFRS, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency 
is that of a hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 
nor IAS 29 establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-
exclusive guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes necessary. These guidelines include, among 
other considerations, quantitative criteria based upon if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. 
In March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing 
high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 
2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods 
ending on and after 30 June 2022, which has been done for the Bank’s and the Group’s IFRS Financial Statements. 
With respect to TFRS, TAS 29 recommends that all entities that report in the currency of the same hyperinflationary 
economy apply this standard from the same date. As such, as indicated in TAS 29, in order to ensure application compatibility 
within Türkiye, all reporting entities are expected to start to use TAS 29 at the same time following an announcement to do 
so by the POA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the POA has not yet published any such announcement on whether 
such entities should apply this standard with respect to their financial statements for any accounting period ending on 
31 December 2022 or thereafter. As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus have not applied the inflation adjustment standards of TAS 29; however, such adjustments 
might be applied in the future (including with respect to some or all of the interim and/or annual BRSA Financial Statements 
for 2023). As a result, the Group’s and the Bank’s BRSA Financial Statements: (a) are not comparable to the Group’s and the

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
Bank’s IFRS Financial Statements, (b) are not currently adjusted for inflation and (b) to the extent they are hereafter so 
adjusted for inflation, will not be comparable to financial statements from earlier periods prepared without such policies. 
Please note that the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international financial reporting standards as adopted by the EU based upon Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No. 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information presented herein. A narrative description of the 
differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements has been included in Appendix A (“Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Bank’s consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements presented (except for the general 
reserves recognised by the Bank as described herein) in accordance with the BRSA Principles, the Bank uses certain ratios 
and measures included (including through incorporation by reference) in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
“alternative performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines provide that an APM is 
understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than 
a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework.” The ESMA Guidelines also note 
that they do not apply to APMs “disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation, other than the applicable financial 
reporting framework, that sets out specific requirements governing the determination of such measures.” 
Any APMs included in this Base Prospectus are not alternatives to measures prepared in accordance with the BRSA 
Principles and might be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Bank’s management 
believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under the BRSA Principles, is useful 
to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the periods presented and enhances 
investors’ overall understanding of the Group’s financial performance. In addition, these measures are used in internal 
management of the Group, along with financial measures reported under the BRSA Principles, in measuring the Group’s 
performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors. Furthermore, because the Group has historically reported 
certain APMs to investors, the Bank’s management believes that the inclusion of APMs in this Base Prospectus provides 
consistency in the Group’s financial reporting and thus improves investors’ ability to assess the Group’s trends and 
performance over multiple periods. APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial 
information presented in compliance with the BRSA Principles. APMs as reported by the Bank might not be comparable to 
similarly titled items reported by other companies. 
For the Group, measures that might be considered to be APMs in this Base Prospectus (including pursuant to any 
supplement hereto) (and that are not defined or specified by the BRSA Principles or any other legislation applicable to the 
Group) include (without limitation) the following (such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as defined below): 
average shareholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the 
average shareholders’ equity for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. 
cost-to-income ratio: For a particular period, this is: (a) the sum of the other operating expenses and the 
personnel expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the result of: (i) the sum of net interest income, net fees 
and commissions income/expenses, net trading income/losses, other income and dividend income for such period 
minus (ii) the sum of expected credit losses and general reserves for such period. 
expected credit losses to gross loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the expected credit losses for loans 
(including cash loans and lease and factoring receivables) net of collections as of such date as a percentage of (b) 
the average total loans (including cash loans and lease and factoring receivables) as of such date. When determined 
for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided 
by the number of days in such period. 
expected credit losses to NPLs: As of a particular date, this is: (a) expected credit losses for loans (including 
cash loans and lease and factoring receivables) net of collections as of such date as a percentage of (b) NPLs as of 
such date.

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
loan-to-deposit ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the sum of performing loans and loans under follow-
up (in both cases, including cash loans and lease and factoring receivables and, with respect to loans under follow-
up, excluding NPLs) as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total deposits as of such date. 
net fees and commissions income/expenses as a percentage of total operating profit: For a particular period, 
this is: (a) net fees and commissions income/expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) total operating profit 
(excluding personnel expenses). 
net profit/(loss) adjusted for exceptional items: For a particular period, this is: (a) the reported net 
profit/(loss) for such period minus (b) the income from the sale or liquidation of equity participations and other assets, 
the increase/(decrease) in general reserves, the income/expense balances from the sale of NPLs and penalties 
included within other operating expenses for such period plus (c) tax effects of the items listed in clause (b). 
net interest margin: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net interest income for such period as a 
percentage of (b) the average interest-earning assets for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 
months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in 
such period. 
NPL ratio: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total NPLs (gross) as of such date as a percentage of (b) 
the sum of total loans (including cash loans and lease and factoring receivables) and NPLs (gross) as of such date. 
Where the NPL ratio is referenced solely with respect to a category of loans (e.g., the NPL ratio of SME loans), then 
this ratio is calculated solely with respect to such category of loans. 
NPLs to total cash loans and non-cash loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total NPLs (gross) as 
of such date as a percentage of (b) the sum of total loans (including cash loans and lease and factoring receivables), 
NPLs (gross) and non-cash loans as of such date. 
operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the total of 
other operating expenses and personnel expenses for such period as a percentage of (b) the average total assets for 
such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by 
multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in such period. 
return on average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net profit/(loss) for such 
period as a percentage of (b) the average shareholders’ equity for such period. When determined for a period shorter 
than 12 months, this is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of 
days in such period. 
return on average total assets: For a particular period, this is: (a) the net profit/(loss) for such period as a 
percentage of (b) the average total assets for such period. When determined for a period shorter than 12 months, this 
is expressed on an annualised basis by multiplying the result by 365 divided by the number of days in such period. 
Stage 2 loans as a percentage of performing loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total Stage 2 loans 
(gross) as of such date as a percentage of (b) the total performing loans (including cash loans and lease and factoring 
receivables) as of such date. 
Stage 2 loans as a percentage of total loans: As of a particular date, this is: (a) the total Stage 2 loans (gross) 
as of such date as a percentage of (b) the sum of total performing loans (including cash loans and lease and factoring 
receivables) and NPLs (gross) as of such date. 
total average yield: For a particular period, this is: (a) the interest income for such period as a percentage 
of (b) the average interest-earning assets for such period (with respect to total average yield for the Bank, and 
notwithstanding the definition of “average interest-earning assets,” the average interest-earning assets for the Bank 
for a period is calculated as a daily average for each day for such period). 
See “Summary Financial and Other Information,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations,” “Selected Statistical and Other Information” and “The Group and its Business” for further 
information on certain such calculations.

--- Page 14 ---
xiii 
For any annualised figures calculated for a year, there can be no guarantee, and the Bank does not represent or 
predict, that actual results for the full year will equal or exceed the annualised figure and actual results might vary materially. 
Reconciliations for certain items listed above (to the extent that any of such items are APMs) to the applicable 
financial statements are not included as they are not required by the ESMA Guidelines in these circumstances, including as a 
result of Article 29 thereof where the items described in the APM are directly identifiable from the financial statements (e.g., 
where an applicable APM is merely a calculation of one item in the financial statements as a percentage of another item in 
the financial statements). 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used in the calculations of the terms defined above (such terms 
being used in this Base Prospectus as they are defined below except to the extent specifically stated otherwise): 
average interest-earning assets: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of interest-earning 
assets as of the balance sheet date of each quarter-end during the then-current fiscal year. 
average interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of interest-
bearing liabilities as of the balance sheet date of each quarter-end during the then-current fiscal year. 
average shareholders’ equity: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of shareholders’ 
equity as of the balance sheet date of each quarter-end during the then-current fiscal year. 
average total assets: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of total assets as of the balance 
sheet date of each quarter-end during the then-current fiscal year. 
average total cash loans: For a particular period, this is the average of the amount of total cash loans as of 
the balance sheet date of each quarter-end during the then-current fiscal year. 
average total loans (including cash loans and lease and factoring receivables): For a particular period, this 
is the average of the total cash loans and lease and factoring receivables as of the balance sheet date of each quarter-
end during the then-current fiscal year. 
interest-earning assets: For a particular date, this is the total amount of the interest-earning portion of cash 
and balances with central banks, financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (excluding equity 
securities), banks, money market placements, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (excluding equity securities), performing loans, factoring and lease receivables and financial assets measured 
at amortised cost as of such date. 
interest-bearing liabilities: For a particular date, this is the total amount of the interest-bearing portion of 
deposits, funds borrowed, interbank money markets, securities issued and subordinated debt as of such date. 
NPLs: As of a particular date, this (“NPLs”) refers to the Stage 3 loans (including cash loans and lease and 
factoring receivables) as of such date. 
Currency Presentation and Exchange Rates 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(a) “Turkish Lira” and “TL” refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Türkiye, 
(b) “U.S. dollars,” “US$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, 
(c) “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended, 
(d) “Renminbi” and “RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the PRC, which (for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus) excludes Hong Kong, the Macao Special Administration Region of the PRC and Taiwan, and 
(e) “Sterling” and “£” refer to British Pounds Sterling.

--- Page 15 ---
xiv 
No representation is made that the Turkish Lira or U.S. dollar amounts in this Base Prospectus could have been or could be 
converted into U.S. dollars or Turkish Lira, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. For a discussion of the effects 
on the Group of fluctuating exchange rates, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business - Market 
Risks - Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations.” 
Certain Defined Terms, Conventions and Other Considerations in Relation to the Presentation of Information in this Base 
Prospectus 
Reference is made to the “Index of Defined Terms” for the location of the definitions of certain terms defined herein. 
In this Base Prospectus: (a) “Bank” or “Issuer” means Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. on a standalone basis and 
“Group” means the Bank and its subsidiaries (or, with respect to consolidated accounting information, the Bank and entities 
that are consolidated into the Bank), (b) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to include 
legislation, regulations and other legal requirements and (c) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law 
(including a provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments and, 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables might vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables might not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
All of the information contained in this Base Prospectus concerning the Turkish market and the Bank’s competitors 
has been obtained (and extracted without material adjustment) from publicly available information. All such data relating to 
the Turkish banking sector have been obtained from the website of the BRSA at www.bddk.org.tr, the website of the Banks 
Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Bankalar Birliği) (the “Banks Association of Türkiye”) at www.tbb.org.tr or the 
website of the Interbank Card Centre (in Turkish: Bankalararası Kart Merkezi) at www.bkm.com.tr, and all such data relating 
to the Turkish or European economy, including statistical data, have been obtained from the website of the Turkish Statistical 
Institute (in Turkish: Türkiye İstatistik Kurumu) (“TurkStat”) at www.tuik.gov.tr, the website of the Central Bank of Türkiye 
(in Turkish: Türkiye Cumhuriyet Merkez Bankası) (the “Central Bank”) at www.tcmb.gov.tr, the website of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye (the “Turkish Treasury;” where applicable, references to the Turkish Treasury shall be 
deemed to refer to the Undersecretariat of the Treasury, which was restructured to become part of the new Ministry of Treasury 
and Finance pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 1 dated 10 July 2018 published in the Official Gazette) at www.hmb.gov.tr 
or the website of the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) at www.ecb.europa.eu. Such data have been extracted from such 
websites without material adjustment but might not appear in the exact same form on such websites or elsewhere. Such 
websites do not, and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Certain information under the heading “Book-entry Clearing 
Systems” has been extracted from information provided by the Clearing Systems referred to therein. 
Where other third-party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been 
identified. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from the relevant published information, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing statement, third-party information 
in this Base Prospectus, while believed to be reliable, has not been independently verified by the Issuer or any other Person. 
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics might be obtainable from other sources, although 
the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, might vary from source to source. Where 
information has been sourced from a third party, such publications generally state that the information they contain has been 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legal references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. In particular, but 
without limitation, the titles of Turkish laws and the names of Turkish institutions referenced herein (and in the documents 
(or portions thereof) incorporated by reference herein) have been translated from Turkish into English. The translations of 
these titles and names are direct and accurate. 
Information in this Base Prospectus regarding the Bank’s shareholders has been based upon public filings, disclosure 
and announcements by such shareholders.

--- Page 16 ---
xv 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, shall be incorporated into, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the BRSA Annual Financial Statements and BRSA Interim Financial Statements, 
(b) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 19 April 2013 (on pages 68 to 98 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2013 Conditions”), 
(c) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 27 March 2014 (on pages 80 to 113 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2014 Conditions”), 
(d) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 25 April 2017 (on pages 74 to 104 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2017 Conditions”), 
(e) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 25 April 2018 (on pages 66 to 97 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2018 Conditions”), 
(f) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 26 April 2019 (on pages 88 to 124 (inclusive) 
thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2019 Conditions”), and 
(g) for so long as Notes issued thereunder and listed by the Issuer remain outstanding, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes contained in the previous base prospectus dated 15 October 2021 (on pages 215 to 262 
(inclusive) thereof) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2021 Conditions”). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document (or portions thereof) that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy that may affect the assessment of the Notes does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, all of which are in English, 
were prepared as convenience translations of the corresponding Turkish language BRSA Financial Statements (which 
translations the Bank confirms are direct and accurate). The English language BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein were not prepared for the purpose of their incorporation by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated (or portions of which have been incorporated) by reference into this Base 
Prospectus can be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Bank and on the Bank’s website at: 
(a) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/31_March_2023_Unconsolidated_Finan
cial_Report.pdf (with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements as of and for the three months ended 
31 March 2023), 
(b) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/GarantiBBVA-31122022-
Unconsolidated_Financial_Report.pdf (with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022),

--- Page 17 ---
xvi 
(c) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/31_December_2021_Unconsolidated_Fi
nancial_Report.pdf (with respect to the Bank’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021), 
(d) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/31_March_2023_Consolidated_Financia
l_Report.pdf (with respect to the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements as of and for the three months ended 
31 March 2023), 
(e) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/GarantiBBVA-31122022-
Consolidated_Financial_Report.pdf (with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022), 
(f) 
https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/31_December_2021_Consolidated_Financial_Report
.pdf (with respect to the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021), 
(g) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/BaseProspectusDatedApril2013_2.pdf 
(with respect to the 2013 Conditions), 
(h) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/BaseProspectusdated-March2014.pdf 
(with respect to the 2014 Conditions), 
(i) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/Base_Prospectus_Dated_April_2017.pdf 
(with respect to the 2017 Conditions), 
(j) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/debt-
information/detay/2018BaseProspectus/48/473/0 (with respect to the 2018 Conditions), 
(k) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/debt-
information/detail/2019BaseProspectus/48/473/0 (with respect to the 2019 Conditions), and 
(l) https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/images/pdf/Garanti-2021-Base-Prospectus.pdf (with 
respect to the 2021 Conditions). 
Any statement contained in a document (or a portion thereof) that is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any other 
document (or, as applicable, relevant portion thereof) incorporated by reference herein, or in any supplement hereto, modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Where there is any 
inconsistency between the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the information contained in (or incorporated 
by reference into) the information incorporated by reference herein, the information set out in this Base Prospectus shall 
prevail. 
The information set out in any part of the documents listed above that is not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to prospective investors in the Notes or is set out elsewhere in (including being incorporated 
by reference into) this Base Prospectus, in each case, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to the extent set 
out on any website referenced in this Base Prospectus, the contents of any website referenced herein do not, and shall not be 
deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Neither the contents of any website referenced 
in, nor any documents incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus have been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
Replacement of 2020 financial information upon inclusion of 2023 BRSA Financial Statements 
Upon (by way of one or more supplement(s) hereto) the last to occur of: (a) the incorporation into this Base 
Prospectus of the Group’s and the Bank’s respective BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December

--- Page 18 ---
xvii 
2023 and (b) replacements of the sections herein titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information,” the BRSA Financial Statements for the Group or the 
Bank as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 that are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus shall be 
automatically deleted from, and shall no longer be considered to be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus; it 
being understood that the financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 that is included within the 
BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 shall remain so incorporated. Furthermore, at 
such time (the “Annual Update Time”), the financial information with respect to the Group (and of any member thereof) and 
the Bank (including all related amounts, percentages and discussion) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2021 and the year then ended or any other date or period) in this Base 
Prospectus shall be automatically deleted in its entirety from, and shall thereafter not form part of, this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, in the sections titled “Summary Financial and Other Information,” “The Group and its 
Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Selected 
Statistical and Other Information”). 
For the purpose of clarification, potential investors in any Notes issued after the Annual Update Time shall not, and 
are not entitled to, rely upon any such financial information with respect to the Group (and any member thereof) or the Bank 
relating to 31 December 2020 and the year then ended (including comparisons thereof to 31 December 2021 and the year then 
ended or any other date or period) included within this Base Prospectus as in effect prior to the Annual Update Time.

--- Page 19 ---
xviii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ..................................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................................................................................................... 51 
Summary Financial and Other Information ............................................................................................................................. 53 
Capitalisation of the Group ...................................................................................................................................................... 55 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .................................................. 56 
Selected Statistical and Other Information .............................................................................................................................. 99 
The Group and its Business ................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Risk Management .................................................................................................................................................................. 144 
Management .......................................................................................................................................................................... 148 
Ownership.............................................................................................................................................................................. 161 
Related Party Transactions .................................................................................................................................................... 163 
The Turkish Banking Sector .................................................................................................................................................. 164 
Turkish Regulatory Environment .......................................................................................................................................... 166 
Form of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................................. 199 
Form of Applicable Final Terms/Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................... 203 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................................................... 225 
Book-entry Clearing Systems ................................................................................................................................................ 276 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................. 280 
Certain Considerations for ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans ......................................................................... 288 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................................................ 289 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions ........................................................................................................................................... 291 
Legal Matters ......................................................................................................................................................................... 305 
Enforcement of Judgments and Service of Process ............................................................................................................... 306 
Other General Information .................................................................................................................................................... 308 
Index of Defined Terms ......................................................................................................................................................... 312 
Appendix A 
Overview of Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles ....................................................................................... 316

--- Page 20 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme might not contain all of the information that might be important 
to prospective investors in the Notes. This entire Base Prospectus, including the more detailed information regarding the 
Bank’s business and the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, should be read 
carefully. Investing in the Notes involves risks. The information set forth under “Risk Factors” should be carefully considered. 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements that also involve uncertainties as described in 
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed information 
appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
General 
The Group is a leading Turkish banking group with a significant market share in Türkiye, being (as per published 
BRSA financial statements as of 31 March 2023) the second largest private banking group in Türkiye in terms of total assets. 
The Group’s customers are comprised mainly of commercial enterprises, small and medium enterprises (“SMEs”), foreign 
multinational corporations with operations in Türkiye and customers from across the Turkish consumer market. 
The Group served approximately 24 million customers as of 31 March 2023 (per the Bank’s internal definition: 
approximately 22.8 million retail customers, 619,000 SME customers, 41,000 active commercial customers and 3,000 
corporate customers) by offering a broad range of products and services, many of which are tailored to identified customer 
segments. These products and services include (inter alia) deposits, corporate loans, project finance loans, leasing, factoring, 
foreign exchange transactions, investment and cash management products, consumer loans, mortgages, pension and life 
insurance, portfolio management, securities brokerage and trading, investment banking, payment systems (including credit 
and debit cards) and technology and data processing operations. The Group also acts as an agent for the sale of a number of 
financial products such as securities, insurance and pension contracts and leasing services. As of 31 March 2023, the Bank’s 
services in Türkiye were provided through a nationwide network of 825 domestic branches as well as sophisticated digital 
channels (“DCs”), such as automated teller machines (“ATMs”), call centres, internet banking and mobile banking. As of the 
same date, the Bank had eight foreign branches (one in Malta and seven in Northern Cyprus (together with a Country 
Directorate in Northern Cyprus that was established in order to comply with the legal requirements in Northern Cyprus)) and 
a representative office in Shanghai, together with bank subsidiaries in the Netherlands (Garanti Bank International NV 
(“GBI”)) and Romania (Garanti Bank SA (“Garanti BBVA Romania”)). 
The Group had total assets of TL 1,471,664 billion, performing loans (which excludes lease, factoring, non-
performing receivables and expected credit losses) (as used herein, “cash loans”) of TL 807,224,580 thousand and 
shareholders’ equity of TL 174,417,124 thousand as of 31 March 2023. The Group’s return on average shareholders’ equity 
was 47.4% during 2022 and 35.4% during the first three months of 2023. As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s total capital 
adequacy ratio was 15.9% (when calculated without including the BRSA’s forebearance noted herein, 13.8% when calculated 
using either Tier 1 capital only or common equity Tier 1 capital only) calculated in accordance with applicable Basel III rules. 
The Group’s net profit/(loss) was TL 6,715,352 thousand in 2020, TL 13,587,564 thousand in 2021 and 
TL 58,510,306 thousand in 2022 (TL 15,452,557 thousand during the first three months of 2023). 
The Bank’s shares have been listed on the Borsa İstanbul (or its predecessor the İstanbul Stock Exchange) since 
1990. In 2012, the Bank joined the top tier of the U.S. over-the-counter (OTC) market, OTCQX International Premier, for 
which companies must meet high financial standards and have an effective disclosure process. Trading on this market with 
83 leading companies from around the world, the Bank ranked 44th based upon total return and average daily dollar volume 
of trading during 2022. The Bank has been included in the Borsa İstanbul’s Sustainability Index and Corporate Governance 
Index since 2014 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is the only bank from Türkiye listed in the Dow Jones 
SustainabilityTM Emerging Markets Index (DJSI), for which it qualified in 2015. 
Organisation 
The Bank is organised into six major business lines: retail (excluding payment systems such as credit and debit 
cards), payment systems (which includes the Bank’s credit and debit card business and is operated together with its subsidiary

--- Page 21 ---
2 
GPS), SME banking, commercial banking, corporate banking and other operations (the most significant of which is global 
markets). Each of the Bank’s business lines is managed by a separate department within the Bank, except that the payment 
systems business line is managed by the Bank together with GPS. The Bank also conducts certain international banking 
operations through its foreign branches, foreign representative offices and subsidiaries. All of the Group’s business lines are 
supported by head office and other support functions. The Bank’s subsidiaries (described in “The Group and its Business – 
Subsidiaries” below) provide various specialty products to clients of the Group. 
Principal Shareholder 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (“BBVA”) holds a 85.97% interest in 
the Bank. BBVA’s share reached 49.85% in 2017 as a result of various share acquisitions, and then it announced in November 
2021 that it would launch a voluntary tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) for the shares of the Bank that were not already owned 
by BBVA. The Tender Offer, which was approved by the CMB on 31 March 2022, ended on 18 May 2022 and resulted in 
BBVA obtaining an additional 36.12% of the Bank’s shares. 
Competitive Advantages 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group has a number of competitive advantages that enable the Group to 
compete effectively in the Turkish banking sector. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management sees these 
competitive advantages as being: 
● 
a customer-driven asset mix, with Turkish lira lending growth in line with macro-prudential policies, 
● 
a highly liquid and actively managed funding portfolio, 
● 
strong asset quality with sound coverage levels, 
● 
an accelerated pace in high quality revenue generation; strong capital position and buffer, 
● 
practices for employee satisfaction and work-life balance, 
● 
a unique customer experience created by a superior digital experience, and 
● 
a strong brand and corporate reputation with unique value creation. 
Strategy 
The Group’s mission is to continuously and noticeably increase the value created for its customers, shareholders and 
employees, society and the environment by leveraging its effectiveness, agility and organisational efficiency. The Group, 
which defines its purpose as being “to bring the age of opportunity to everyone,” has six strategic priorities as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which are divided into three categories as follows: 
● Differentiated value proposition: 
 
optimising the financial health of the Group’s customers, and 
 
ensuring sustainability and responsibility, 
● Drivers of superior performance: 
 
reaching more customers, and 
 
improving operational excellence, 
● Accelerators: 
● 
creating the best and most engaged team, and 
● 
increasing the strength and agility of the Group’s technological infrastructure and platforms. 
Risks described in Risk Factors 
Investing in the Notes entails risks. Before investing in the Notes, potential investors should carefully review “Risk 
Factors” below, which sets out certain risks relating to political, economic and legal circumstances, the Turkish banking 
industry, the Group and its business, the Group’s relationship with the Bank’s principal shareholder BBVA and the Notes 
themselves, which risks are organised in appropriate categories and sub-categories as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Potential investors in the Notes should not consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” to be a complete set of all 
potential risks or uncertainties of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
3 
The Programme 
 
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. This general description only relates to the Conditions 
of the Notes as set out in this Base Prospectus. Notes may be issued under the Programme in a form other than that 
contemplated in such Conditions, and where any such Notes are to be: (a) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or (b) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances that require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new prospectus 
will be prepared and published by the Issuer. 
Issuer: ..............................................................  
Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):...............  
5493002XSS7K7RHN1V37
Description:......................................................  
Global Medium Term Note Programme
Arrangers: ........................................................  
Merrill Lynch International and/or any other arranger(s) appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement (each of them 
an “Arranger”).
Dealers:............................................................  
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC Bank plc
ING Bank N.V., London Branch
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
Mashreqbank psc
Merrill Lynch International
Mizuho International plc
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
MUFG Securities EMEA plc
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank
 
and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement.
Risk Factors: ....................................................  
There are certain factors that might affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, there are certain risk factors that 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Notes. For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to Türkiye, the 
Bank and the Notes that prospective investors should carefully consider 
prior to making an investment in the Notes, including certain risks relating 
to the structure of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks, see 
“Risk Factors.”
Certain Restrictions: ........................................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances that comply 
therewith from time to time (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”), 
including the following restriction applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 23 ---
4 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year: Notes having, on the 
Issue Date thereof, a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the 
FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent.
Fiscal Agent:....................................................
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
Programme Size: ..............................................  
Up to US$6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding as of the time of 
each issuance of Notes. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: .....................................................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or (other than in the United 
States) public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.
Currencies:.......................................................  
Each Series of Notes may be denominated, and payments in respect of 
each Series of Notes may be made, in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, RMB, 
Turkish Lira, Czech Koruna, Romanian Leu or, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in Turkish Lira 
will (subject to the following paragraph) be made by the Bank in Turkish 
Lira; however, if “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and such Note is 
not represented by a Global Note held by Depository Trust Company 
(“DTC”) (or a nominee thereof), then the holder of such Note (or a 
beneficial interest therein) may make an irrevocable election to receive 
an individual forthcoming payment in U.S. dollars. See Condition 7.8.
 
Payments of principal and interest on a Note denominated in a specified 
currency (the “Specified Currency”) other than U.S. dollars for which 
DTC is the clearing system will be made by the Bank in such Specified 
Currency to the Exchange Agent but will be paid (after conversion by the 
Exchange Agent) to the investor(s) in such Note in U.S. dollars; however, 
if an investor wishes to receive such payment in such Specified Currency, 
then it may make an affirmative election to receive payment on such Note 
in such Specified Currency. See Condition 7.9.
 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi may be made in 
U.S. dollars if “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and a RMB Currency 
Event occurs. See Condition 7.11.
Maturities: ........................................................  
Each Series of Notes will have such maturity as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year.”

--- Page 24 ---
5 
Issue Price: ......................................................  
Notes may be issued at an issue price that is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par (for each Tranche of Notes, its “Issue Price”).
Form of Notes: .................................................  
Each Series of Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Registered Notes 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. See “Form of 
the Notes.”
 
Each Series of Notes may be fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”), 
floating rate notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) or zero coupon notes (“Zero 
Coupon Notes”).
Fixed Rate Notes: ............................................  
For each Series of Fixed Rate Notes, interest will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Date(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and on redemption and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and such Dealer(s) or investor(s).
Floating Rate Notes:........................................
Each Series of Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
(as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series),
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement) appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service, or
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s).
 
The margin (if any) relating to a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both.
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or 
investor(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction (as such term is used 
in Condition 6.6), as set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.
Zero Coupon Notes: .........................................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 25 ---
6 
Benchmark Discontinuation - Reference Rate 
Replacement: ...................................................  
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes other than any Series of Floating Rate Notes for which the 
Reference Rate is SOFR and for which Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may (subject to 
certain conditions and following consultation with an Independent 
Advisor) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.7(I). 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event for a Series of Floating Rate 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and for which 
Condition 6.7(II) is indicated in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the then-current 
Benchmark and, in either case, the applicable Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall 
be determined by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6.7(II).
Redemption: .....................................................  
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Tranche of Notes 
will indicate either that such Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or as a result of an 
acceleration due to an Event of Default) or that such Notes also will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the applicable Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the applicable Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
Denomination of Notes: ..................................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, except that the minimum 
denomination of each Note to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II and/or that are to be offered to the public in 
a Member State in circumstances that would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation will be: 
(a) such minimum amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any applicable 
laws and (b) equal to, or greater than, €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency as of the applicable Issue Date).
 
Notwithstanding the above, and unless set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement otherwise, IAI Definitive Notes and 
beneficial interests in IAI Global Notes will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in 
excess thereof (or its approximate equivalent in the applicable Specified 
Currency at the applicable Issue Date).
Taxation; Payment of Additional Amounts: ...  
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with 
respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf of) the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges 
(including related interest and penalties) of whatever nature (“Taxes”) 
imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay such additional amounts 
(“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts

--- Page 26 ---
7 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would have been 
receivable on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) in 
the absence of the withholding or deduction. See “Taxation – Certain 
Turkish Tax Considerations” and Condition 9.1.
 
All payments on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) 
will be made subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to FATCA, as provided in Condition 7.1; it being understood that, in 
accordance with Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent or any other Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or 
other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) for, or on 
account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax.
Negative Pledge: ..............................................  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4.
Certain Covenants: ..........................................  
The Conditions (except, for any Series, as altered in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement for such Series) provide that the Bank agrees to 
certain covenants, including covenants limiting transactions with 
affiliates. See Condition 5.
Events of Default: ............................................  
The Conditions provide that the Notes will be subject to certain Events of 
Default, including (among others) non-payment, breach of obligations, 
cross-acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. See 
Condition 11.
Status of the Notes: ..........................................  
The Notes and Coupons will (except, with respect to any Series, to the 
extent provided otherwise in a supplement to the Agency Agreement, for 
which a supplement to this Base Prospectus might be prepared or a further 
prospectus issued) be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) will rank pari passu 
without any preference or priority among themselves and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation 
or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by 
applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights.
Rating: ..............................................................  
The Programme has been rated “B-” (for long-term issuances) and “B” 
(for short-term issuances) by Fitch and “B3” (for long-term issuances) 
and “Not Prime” (for short-term issuances) by Moody’s. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus: (a) the “Ratings Definitions” of Fitch describe a “B” 
rating as indicating that: (i) material default risk is present but a limited 
margin of safety remains and (ii) financial commitments of the Issuer are 
currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is 
vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic environment 
(and the assignment of the modifier “-” denotes the relative status of the 
Notes within the “B” rating category), and (b) Moody’s “Rating Symbols 
and Definitions” defines a “B” rating as reflecting an obligation that is 
speculative and subject to high credit risk (and the assignment of the 
numerical modifier “3” indicates that Moody’s considers the Notes to fall 
within the lower end of this credit rating category). 
Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, the initial such rating(s) will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating (if any) assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may

--- Page 27 ---
8 
be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.
ERISA: .............................................................  
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes may be invested in by an 
“employee benefit plan” as defined in and subject to Title I of the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), of the United States, a “plan” as defined in and subject to 
Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose underlying assets include 
“plan assets” of any of the foregoing. See “Certain Considerations for 
ERISA and other U.S. Employee Benefit Plans.”
Listing and Admission to Trading: .................  
An application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes having a 
maturity of one year or more issued during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market. In addition, This document has been 
approved as listing particulars by Euronext Dublin and an application may 
be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this document 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on GEM.
 
Notes of a Series may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Notes that 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Tranche will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s).
Governing Law: ...............................................  
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant and the Deed Poll, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith, are or will be (as applicable) 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.
Selling Restrictions: .........................................  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) in (inter alia) Türkiye, the United States, the 
EEA (including Belgium), the UK, the PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Japan, Canada and Switzerland, and there will be such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
United States Selling Restrictions: ..................  
Regulation S (Category 2), Rule 144A and Section 4(a)(2). Bearer Notes 
with a term of greater than one year will be issued in compliance with 
rules identical to those provided in: (a) U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) or (b) U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA D”) such that the Bearer Notes will not 
constitute “registration-required obligations” under Section 4701(b) of 
the Code, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Such rules impose certain additional restrictions on transfers 
of Bearer Notes (or, for Bearer Global Notes, beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 28 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risk. Prospective investors in the Notes should carefully consider the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the documents (or portions thereof) that are incorporated by reference herein, and in 
particular should consider all of the risks inherent in making such an investment before making a decision to invest in the 
Notes. Investors in the Notes assume the risk that the Issuer might become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. 
There is a wide range of factors that individually or together might result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or (other than the most material within each 
category of risks) to rank their materiality as the Issuer might not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors that it 
currently deems not to be material might become material as a result of the occurrence of future events of which the Issuer 
does not have knowledge as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number 
of factors that might materially adversely affect its ability to make payments due under the Notes; however, the Issuer does 
not represent that the risks set out herein are exhaustive or that other risks might not arise in the future. In addition, factors 
identified by the Issuer that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also 
described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult with appropriate professional advisors to make their own legal, 
tax, business and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. 
As a large national Turkish bank, the Issuer’s business is significantly impacted by the condition of the Turkish 
economy, which itself is significantly influenced by Turkish political circumstances and global economic conditions 
(particularly in those countries with whom Türkiye has a material trading relationship). The category of risk factors entitled 
“Risks Relating to Türkiye” below describes the material risks relating to Türkiye that the Issuer’s management has identified 
as potentially having a material impact on the Issuer, including those impacting materially on its business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations and thus on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes. In addition to the 
macroeconomic conditions relating to Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and thus 
its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are also subject to significant risks specific to the Group, including 
the ones discussed in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” below. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should also consider risks relating to the structure of, and market for, the Notes, the material ones of 
which that have been identified by the Issuer’s management are described in the category of risk factors entitled “Risks 
Relating to the Notes” below. 
The exposure of the Group’s business to a market downturn in Türkiye or the other markets in which it operates, or 
any other risks, might exacerbate or trigger other risks that the Group faces. For example, if the Group incurs substantial 
losses due to an economic downturn in Türkiye, then its need for liquidity and/or capital might rise sharply while its access 
to such liquidity and/or capital might be impaired. In addition, in conjunction with an economic downturn, the Group’s 
customers might experience substantial financial difficulties of their own, thereby weakening their financial condition and 
increasing the credit risk of the Group’s exposure to such customers. As such, the below risks should be understood in the 
context that more than one might apply concurrently and compound any adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Risks Relating to Türkiye 
The most material risk to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes is that its business, 
including its loan portfolio, deposit base and government securities holdings, is concentrated in Türkiye. In addition, the 
Group’s non-Turkish business and assets (including the business and assets of the Group’s non-Turkish subsidiaries) are 
largely related to Türkiye, such as being related to Turkish customers, exports and imports. 
The Group’s business is significantly dependent upon its customers’ desire to deposit funds with the Group and 
borrow money from the Group and their ability to meet their obligations to the Group, all of which is materially impacted by 
the strength of the Turkish economy. A slowdown or downturn in the Turkish economy because of, among other factors, 
inflation, an increase in domestic interest rates, a decrease in domestic or external demand, an increase in unemployment, 
changes in economic, monetary or fiscal policy or changes in exchange rates for the Turkish Lira might reduce the demand 
for the Group’s services and products, negatively impact the ability of the Group’s customers to meet their obligations to the 
Group and/or decrease the amount of deposits held at the Group.

--- Page 29 ---
10 
Accordingly, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly subject to the 
political and economic conditions prevailing in Türkiye, investors’ confidence in Türkiye, the Turkish regulatory environment 
and other conditions relating to Türkiye. These principal sub-categories of the risks relating to Türkiye are set out in “-Political 
Conditions,” “-Economic Conditions” and “-Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters” below. 
Political Conditions 
The political circumstances in Türkiye have had (and will continue to have) a material influence on the Turkish 
economy, which in turn have resulted (and will continue to result) in material impacts on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. These conditions include (inter alia) domestic political events, Türkiye’s relationship 
with other nations, internal and regional conflicts and the regulatory framework in Türkiye. The political conditions that the 
Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, including on its ability to make payments due 
in respect of the Notes, are set out in this section. 
Political Developments – Political developments in Türkiye might negatively affect the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations 
Negative changes in Türkiye’s domestic and/or international political circumstances, including the inability of the 
Turkish government to devise or implement appropriate economic programmes and the level of investor confidence in 
Türkiye’s economic programmes and governance, might adversely affect the stability of the Turkish economy and, in turn, 
the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
The Turkish political environment has at times been volatile, specifically following an attempted coup on 15 July 
2016 by a group within the Turkish army. Following the coup attempt, including during a two year state of emergency 
implemented by the government, the government has: (a) initiated legal proceedings against numerous institutions (including 
schools, universities, hospitals, associations and foundations), some of which were closed down, (b) arrested, discharged or 
otherwise limited thousands of members of the military, the judiciary and the civil service, (c) restricted media outlets and (d) 
otherwise taken actions in response to the coup attempt, including expansion of these actions to members of the business 
community and the journalism sector. 
In elections held on 24 June 2018, President Erdoğan received approximately 53% of the votes, being re-elected as 
the President, and the Justice and Development Party (Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi (the “AKP”)), the President’s party, and 
the Nationalist Movement Party (Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi) (MHP), which formed the “People’s Alliance” bloc with the 
AKP, together received sufficient votes to hold a majority of the seats in Parliament. As of 9 July 2018, the parliamentary 
system was transformed into a presidential one and President Erdoğan thus now holds the additional powers granted to the 
President pursuant to a referendum held on 16 April 2017. 
On 9 July 2018, President Erdoğan announced the new ministers of his cabinet, which included the appointment of 
the former minister of Energy and Natural Resources and his son-in-law, Berat Albayrak, as the Minister of Treasury and 
Finance. On 6 July 2019, the governor of the Central Bank was removed from his post by a Presidential Decree and, on the 
same day, President Erdoğan appointed Mr. Murat Uysal, one of the Central Bank’s then-deputy governors, as the new 
governor of the Central Bank. This was followed on 9 August 2019 by the board of the Central Bank, as part of its 
reorganisation, removing from office its chief economist and some other high-ranking officials. On 8 November 2020, 
Mr. Albayrak resigned from his position as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was promptly replaced by Mr. Lutfi Elvan, 
a former Minister of Development and Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication. Following the depreciation of 
the Turkish Lira to its weakest value to that date (exceeding TL 8.5 per U.S. dollar), the governor of the Central Bank was 
replaced by a Presidential Decree on 7 November 2020 and then (on 20 March 2021) was replaced again after a series of rate 
increases. The dismissal of Mr. Naci Ağbal, the then-governor of the Central Bank on 20 March 2021, led to a negative market 
reaction, with investors’ sales of certain Turkish assets leading to the value of the Borsa İstanbul 100 stock index declining 
by 9.6% in a week and the Turkish Lira depreciating by 9.9% against the U.S. dollar (from TL 7.27 per U.S. dollar before the 
dismissal of the governor to TL 7.99 per U.S. dollar) during the same period. The Central Bank policy rate increased 
throughout 2020 and into 2021 (topping at 19.00% from March to September 2021) as a result of ongoing higher inflation 
and increasing inflation expectations; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, the rate was reduced 
by 100 basis points (to 18.00%) in September 2021, at which time the Central Bank also removed its commitment to keep its 
policy rate above inflation, creating increased uncertainty in the monetary policy framework in Türkiye. 
On 13 October 2021, three members of the Central Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced, and the Central 
Bank further reduced its policy rate by a larger-than-expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021. On 
18 November 2021, the rate was reduced by a further 100 basis points to 15.00%. On 2 December 2021, during a period of

--- Page 30 ---
11 
depreciation of the Turkish Lira, Mr. Elvan resigned as Minister of Treasury and Finance and was replaced by Mr. Nureddin 
Nebati. On 16 December 2021, the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by another 100 basis points to 14.00%, following 
which the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low of TL 17.4731/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s 
accommodative stance despite high inflationary conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, 
introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates 
and lower the inflation rate, as a result of which the Turkish Lira appreciated by 31.1% against the US dollar (to 
TL 13.3290/US$1) from 20 December to 31 December 2021. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held the rate notwithstanding 
rapidly increasing inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, reduced the rate to 13.00% on 
18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted in the Turkish Lira declining 
to a new all-time low, and then further reduced the rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 
8.50% on 23 February 2023. As of 31 December 2022, the exchange rate had fallen further to TL 18.6985/US$1. After the 
presidential elections in May 2023, the governor of the Central Bank and the Minister of Treasury and Finance were replaced 
again, after which the first meeting of the Central Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee increased the rate to 15.00%. The 
Central Bank has actively employed other tools to seek to support the Turkish Lira’s exchange rate even while reducing the 
policy rate. Any failure of the Central Bank and/or the Turkish Treasury to implement effective policies might adversely 
affect the Turkish economy and thus have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. 
Municipal elections were held on 31 March 2019, as a result of which the AKP lost control of several major cities, 
including İstanbul, Ankara and Antalya; however, the AKP claimed election fraud in, and requested to repeat the elections in, 
İstanbul. On 6 May 2019, the Supreme Election Board ordered a revote for İstanbul mayor in an election to be held on 23 June 
2019. In the revote, Mr. Ekrem İmamoğlu, the CHP’s candidate who had been declared the winner of the 31 March 2019 
elections and had been installed as mayor until the revote decision of the Supreme Election Board, increased his majority to 
54.21% and he was reinstalled as mayor on 27 June 2019. In December 2022, a court convicted Mr. İmamoğlu of violating a 
law prohibiting insulting public officials, for which he was sentenced to over two years in prison, which sentence is currently 
being appealed. General and presidential elections were held on 14 May 2023, with the AKP’s coalition retaining a majority 
of the seats in Parliament; however, the presidential elections went to a second round as no candidate earned a majority of the 
vote. The second round was held on 28 May 2023, with President Erdoğan winning a third five-year term. 
In addition to domestic events, there has from time to time been political tension between Türkiye and the EU, certain 
members of the EU and the United States. With respect to the EU, see “-Relationship with the European Union” below. With 
respect to the United States, various events during recent years have impacted the relationship, including: (a) the conflicts 
against the self-proclaimed jihadist Islamic State (“ISIS”) and in Syria, (b) relationships with Iran (including the purchase of 
oil from Iran), (c) the October 2019 U.S. federal indictment of state-controlled bank Türkiye Halk Bankası A.Ş. (“Halkbank”) 
asserting violations of U.S. sanctions on Iran, (d) the arrest and detention of Pastor Andrew Brunson in 2018, (e) Türkiye’s 
December 2017 entry into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems as described further below 
and (f) Türkiye’s position with Russia in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine (particularly in light of U.S., UK 
and EU sanctions against Russia). Such events have resulted in a number of actions by the U.S. from time to time, including 
the temporary imposition of sanctions in 2018 and the temporary suspension of visa services to Turkish nationals. Any such 
events or future events might materially alter the relationship between Türkiye and the United States, particularly in the 
context of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 (see “-Terrorism and Conflicts”). 
In December 2017, Türkiye entered into a contract with Russia for the purchase of S-400 missile defence systems, 
the first shipments of which were received on 12 July 2019. As a result, Türkiye was excluded from NATO’s F-35 stealth 
fighter jet programme on 17 July 2019. On 11 December 2020, the U.S. Congress passed (on a bipartisan basis) an annual 
defense spending bill that included a requirement that (within 30 days from enactment) sanctions be imposed by the U.S. 
administration upon Türkiye in connection with Türkiye’s purchase of the S-400 missile defence systems and, on 
14 December 2020, the U.S. administration announced sanctions on Türkiye’s Presidency of Defence Industries (the “SSB”) 
and its president and other senior officers pursuant to Section 231, widely known as CAATSA (the Countering America’s 
Adversaries Through Sanctions Act), for Türkiye’s continued possession of the Russian S-400 missile defence system. The 
imposed sanctions include: (a) a ban on all U.S. export licenses and authorisations to the SSB and (b) an asset freeze and visa 
restrictions on the SSB’s president and other SSB officers. While such sanctions were less impactful than others that were 
available to be imposed and did not have a material impact on Turkish markets, it is uncertain if the U.S. will impose additional 
sanctions or other measures against Türkiye and, if imposed, how such might impact the Turkish economy and/or the 
relationship between Türkiye and any other NATO member. 
In October 2020, conflict broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed territory of Nagorno-
Karabakh. Türkiye supported the efforts by Azerbaijan, which again put it in conflict with Russian interests.

--- Page 31 ---
12 
In late 2021, the Taliban, a Sharia Islamic militant group, took over Afghanistan, which has created expectations of 
a potential new migration wave through Europe and Türkiye. President Erdoğan and other high-level Turkish officials have 
made various statements noting that Türkiye will not shoulder the burden of a new migration wave; however, there is no 
certainty as to what impact on Türkiye any such migration might have. Türkiye’s future relationship with the Taliban is also 
uncertain given the complex geopolitical circumstances relating to Afghanistan. 
The above-mentioned events, future elections, changes in the governance and operation of Türkiye’s institutions 
and/or other political circumstances might: (a) result in the volatility of Turkish financial markets, have an adverse effect on 
investors’ perception of Türkiye and its institutions, including with respect to their actual or perceived independence, and/or 
have an adverse effect on Türkiye’s ability to support economic growth and manage domestic social conditions, (b) result in 
(or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the EU, certain members of the EU, the United 
States, Russia and/or other countries and/or (c) have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy or Turkish institutions, any 
of which in turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
and/or on the market price of an investment in the Notes. 
Terrorism and Conflicts – Türkiye and its economy are subject to external and internal unrest and the threat of terrorism 
Türkiye is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns, including political 
instability and frequent incidences of violence in a number of countries in the Middle East and North Africa. In particular, the 
conflicts in Syria and Afghanistan and against ISIS have been the subject of significant international attention and conditions 
in the region remain volatile. Unrest in these countries might affect Türkiye’s relationships with its neighbours, have political 
implications both within Türkiye and in its relationship with other countries and/or have a negative impact on the Turkish 
economy, including through both financial markets and the real economy. Such impacts might occur (inter alia) through the 
significant movement of Syrian and Afghan refugees (including through Türkiye into the EU), a lower flow of foreign direct 
investment into Türkiye, capital outflows and/or increased volatility in the Turkish financial markets. 
In connection with the conflicts in Syria, there have been military and civilian hostilities in both directions across 
the Syrian-Turkish border followed by the commencement by the Turkish military to establish a “safe zone” in northern Syria, 
which might have political repercussions both within Türkiye and in its relationship with the United States, Russia, Syria, 
Iran and/or other countries and/or have an adverse impact on the Turkish economy. See “-Political Developments” above. 
The on-going conflict with the Kurdistan Worker’s Party (the “PKK”) also might (inter alia) negatively impact the Turkish 
economy and/or Türkiye’s relationship with the United States. 
The Turkish military commenced military operations in northern Syria in October 2019. This engagement expanded, 
including in particular around Idlib, and has resulted in many Turkish casualties and increased direct conflicts between the 
Turkish and Syrian militaries. Although Türkiye and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement in March 2020, a permanent 
diplomatic solution has not yet been reached and it is possible that this conflict might escalate further. The conflicts in 
Nagorno-Karabakh described in “-Political Developments” also might contribute to further disagreements between Türkiye 
and Russia. 
Most recently, Russia invaded Ukraine on 24 February 2022, triggering significant geopolitical tension. As a result 
thereof, the United States, the UK, the EU and other jurisdictions have imposed significant and broad economic and other 
sanctions upon Russia, parts of Russian-controlled Ukraine and various designated entities and individuals that have 
contributed military and other supplies to Ukraine, which included restrictions on the import of Russian oil and transactions 
with the Russian central bank and a number of Russian banks. Certain countries froze the assets of the Russian central bank 
and the United States barred U.S. agents and other financial intermediaries from making payments on Russian debt payments, 
making it harder for Russia to repay its international debts (in June 2022, Russia defaulted on part of its foreign currency-
denominated debt). Some Russian banks have been removed from the international financial messaging system SWIFT and 
several international companies have disposed of, liquidated, suspended or otherwise limited their businesses in Russia. This 
has already had, and likely will continue to have, a material impact on: (a) global economic and market conditions, including 
increasing inflation (particularly for food, energy and shipping costs), contributing to volatility in interest and exchange rates 
and exacerbating already difficult global supply chain challenges (including through limitations on imports to and exports 
from Russia), and (b) geopolitical relationships and militarisation. According to the International Monetary Fund’s January 
2023 World Economic Outlook report, the war in Ukraine (including sanctions on Russia) has negatively impacted global 
economic growth and increase inflation, with estimates that Ukraine and Russia experienced declines in real gross domestic 
product (“GDP”) of 35.0% (from such report in April 2022) and 2.2%, respectively, in 2022, and growth for the EU in 2022 
being reduced to 3.5% from a pre-war prediction of 3.9%. Projections for global growth in 2022 were also reduced to 3.4% 
from January 2022’s prediction of 4.4%. It is also possible that this war could lead to further military conflicts, particularly 
involving Eastern Europe, and extension or escalations in the conflict could lead to additional sanctions being imposed on

--- Page 32 ---
13 
Russia, thereby leading to more economic disruption. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Turkish government 
has indicated that it seeks to maintain functioning relationships with all parties, there can be no certainty as to how events 
might develop and their impact on Türkiye, including due to Türkiye’s complex relationship with Russia and Türkiye’s 
membership in NATO. 
In 2022, Türkiye received 5.2 million and 0.7 million tourists from Russia and Ukraine, respectively, representing 
13.3% of all international tourists during the year. The total exports to these two countries was US$12.4 billion in 2022 
whereas imports were US$63.3 billion, representing 4.9% and 17.4% of Türkiye’s exports and imports, respectively, during 
the year. Any negative impacts on these results relating to the war in Ukraine might have a significant adverse effect on the 
Turkish economy, including the balance of payments and inflation. In addition, as Türkiye is a net energy importer, higher 
global oil and natural gas prices might result in higher energy costs for consumers and companies (in March 2022, Brent 
crude oil prices increased to the highest level since 2008, which prices then declined but might increase further, including as 
a result of the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, particularly if Russian energy supplies become subjected to additional 
sanctions and/or Russia continues to reduce or stops its supply of energy to Europe). These increases in the current account 
deficit, particularly when combined with monetary tightening in developed economies, might contribute to the depreciation 
pressure on the Turkish Lira, which might result in even higher inflation in Türkiye. 
The above (or similar) circumstances have had and might continue to have a material adverse effect on the Turkish 
economy and thus on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, whether as a result of: (a) direct 
impacts on the Turkish economy (such as a result of any disruption to energy flows from Russia or reductions in tourism, 
whether as a result of sanctions or otherwise) or indirect impacts (such as from increasing global inflation, volatility in energy 
and commodity prices, disruptions to supply chains and related impacts on global growth, increased funding costs, decreased 
liquidity and/or decreased access to wholesale funding markets) and/or (b) any deterioration in the relationship between 
Türkiye and the United States, Russia and/or other countries. 
Relationship with the European Union – Uncertainties relating to Türkiye’s relationship with the European Union might 
adversely affect the Turkish financial markets and result in greater volatility 
Türkiye has had a long-term relationship with the EU, including as a candidate country for EU membership since 
the Helsinki European Council of December 1999. The EU resolved on 17 December 2004 to commence accession 
negotiations with Türkiye and affirmed that Türkiye’s candidacy to join the EU was to be judged by the same 28 criteria (or 
“Chapters”) applied to other candidates. These criteria require a range of political, legislative and economic reforms to be 
implemented. 
Although Türkiye has implemented various of these reforms and has continued harmonisation efforts with the EU, 
the relationship between the EU and Türkiye has at times been strained, including due to the passage of Syrian and other 
refugees through Türkiye into the EU. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted on 25 April 2017 to restart 
monitoring Türkiye in connection with human rights, the rule of law and the state of democracy and officials of the EU and 
certain of its member states have since made various references about the suspension of negotiations for Türkiye’s potential 
membership in the EU. On 15 July 2019, the EU adopted certain measures against Türkiye over Türkiye’s drilling for gas in 
waters off Cyprus, including reducing certain funding (including loans via the European Investment Bank) and the suspension 
of high level communications and of the negotiations for a comprehensive air transport agreement. On 11 November 2019, 
the EU adopted a framework for imposing sanctions on individuals or entities responsible for, or involved in, these drilling 
activities and, in February 2020, instituted sanctions against two executives of the Turkish drilling company. Tensions have 
also risen between Greece and Türkiye relating to disputed claims over Mediterranean waters, particularly in areas around 
Cyprus in which significant hydrocarbon reserves have been discovered. In October 2020, both France and Greece asked the 
EU to consider suspending the bloc’s customs union agreement with Türkiye and, on 26 November 2020, the European 
Parliament passed a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions on Türkiye. On 11 December 2020, EU leaders agreed to 
impose sanctions against unspecified individuals and entities involved in activities related to the disputed waters, with the 
identity of these individuals and sanctions to be named shortly thereafter, and noted that further sanctions might be imposed 
in early 2021; however, in March 2021, EU leaders decided to postpone these plans in light of increased diplomatic activity. 
Any decision by the EU to abolish or limit the customs union with Türkiye, end Türkiye’s EU accession bid or impose 
additional sanctions on Türkiye might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the 
EU and have material negative impacts on Türkiye’s economy. 
These circumstances might result in (or contribute to) a deterioration of the relationship between Türkiye and the 
EU and/or certain of its member states. There can be no assurance that the EU or Türkiye will continue to maintain an open 
approach to Türkiye’s EU membership or that Türkiye will be able to meet all the criteria applicable to becoming an EU 
member state. In the event of a loss of market confidence as a result of deterioration, suspension or termination in Türkiye’s

--- Page 33 ---
14 
EU accession discussions or any other international relations between Türkiye and the EU (or any of its member states), the 
Turkish economy might be adversely affected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Economic Conditions 
As a large national bank in Türkiye, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations are 
significantly dependent upon the economic conditions in Türkiye. In addition to domestic influences on the strength of 
Türkiye’s economy, Türkiye’s economy has been and will continue to be significantly impacted by a number of external 
factors, including (inter alia) the economic conditions of Türkiye’s primary trading partners, external fund flows, international 
trade, interest rate and other actions by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the ECB, geopolitical tensions and fiscal, regulatory and 
other actions by other governments. These and other factors might have a material adverse impact on international financial 
markets and/or economic conditions, which, in turn, might result in a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and 
thereby might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In 
addition, these factors might disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income markets, 
foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets, including adversely affecting the cost and availability 
of funding for the Group. 
In recent years, Türkiye’s GDP growth rates have been volatile. In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 
4.4% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 10.3% in the second quarter of 
the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to strong growth in the third and fourth quarters 
of 2020, which growth was supported by an increase in investments and household consumption benefitting from 
accommodative monetary policy and high credit growth. As a result, and notwithstanding the pandemic’s continuing impact 
both on Türkiye and globally resulting from the precautions (such as curfews, travel restrictions, factory closures and 
restrictions on public gatherings) taken to minimise the transmission of COVID-19, GDP increased by 1.9% during 2020. 
During 2021, GDP increased by 11.4%, which growth was supported by the recovery in global economic activity, moderate 
credit expansion and a favourable base effect, whereas growth during 2022 was 5.6%, due primarily to strong consumption 
and the contribution of the services and finance sectors. It should be noted that these GDP results are in inflation-adjusted 
Turkish Lira terms and, as the exchange rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), 
these reported changes in GDP would have been different (in some years, significantly) were they determined in U.S. dollar 
terms. The pre-election easing of credit conditions and further expansionary fiscal policies might have temporarily boosted 
economic activity in the first half of 2023, while some downward adjustments might happen after the elections. In such 
circumstances, growth might be weak in the remainder of 2023 and thereafter, which might have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including through a deterioration in the asset quality of 
the Group’s growing loan portfolio and/or the increasing formation of NPLs. 
On 6 February 2023, Türkiye was hit by severe earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, causing destruction in 11 provinces. 
Due to the disaster, a state of emergency was declared in 10 of these provinces for three months. In addition to the significant 
loss of life and damage to infrastructure, the Borsa İstanbul suspended trading of stocks and derivatives for five trading days. 
The Bank’s branches, employees and customers located in the areas directly impacted by the earthquakes have suffered 
material disruptions. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the full impact on Türkiye’s economy is uncertain but is expected 
to be substantial and material, with (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) forecasts being for over US$100 billion of damages 
(over 11% of GDP). In turn, the extent of the impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
remains uncertain. 
Government actions to stimulate the Turkish economy might increase the government debt and budget deficit levels, 
which might in turn contribute adversely to the country’s economic stability. The debt of the Turkish government and 
corporates, both of which significantly rely directly or indirectly upon financing from international creditors, has been 
increasing whereas the Central Bank’s net foreign exchange reserves have recently experienced periods of decline (including 
being negative when swaps are excluded) to levels that might require the Turkish government and corporate borrowers to be 
dependent upon continued access to external funding in order to refinance upcoming debt payments. 
The Group’s banking and other businesses are significantly dependent upon its customers’ ability to make payments 
on their loans and meet their other obligations to the Group. If the Turkish economy suffers because of any of the factors 
described above or any other reason, then this might increase the number of the Group’s customers who are not able to repay 
loans when due or meet their other obligations to the Group or who seek to restructure their loans, which would increase the 
Group’s past due loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and/or reduce its net profit/(loss) and 
capital levels. In addition, volatility in the international or Turkish financial markets and/or economy and/or any tightening 
in credit conditions might result in decreased demand for the Group’s products and services, increased borrowing costs

--- Page 34 ---
15 
(including due to increased competition for deposits) and reduced, or no, access to capital markets. The occurrence of any or 
all of the above might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, 
including a decline in its net interest income and/or decreases in the Group’s fee and commission income. 
The economic conditions that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer, and 
thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-category. 
Turkish Economy – The Turkish economy is subject to significant macroeconomic risks 
Since the early 1980s, the Turkish economy has undergone a transformation from a highly protected and regulated 
system to a more open market system. Although the Turkish economy has generally responded positively to this 
transformation, it has experienced severe macroeconomic imbalances, including significant current account deficits, high 
rates of interest, significant currency volatility and persistent unemployment. In addition, the Turkish economy remains 
vulnerable to both external and internal shocks, including volatility in oil prices, changing investor opinion, outbreaks of 
disease (e.g., SARS and the COVID-19 coronavirus) and natural events such as earthquakes (including the powerful 
earthquakes in southern Türkiye in February 2023, which resulted in over 48,000 fatalities and will require significant 
government expenditure for the recovery efforts). For example, the impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus on the global 
economy (including precautions taken to minimise transmission, including travel restrictions, the closure of factories and 
restrictions on public gatherings) has increased risks to global growth and financial markets. Global macroeconomic and 
geopolitical uncertainties, slowdown in capital flows to emerging markets and an increasingly protectionist approach to global 
foreign trade also continue to negatively affect the Turkish economy. 
Domestic macroeconomic factors, including the current account deficit, high levels of unemployment (a seasonally 
adjusted 10.2% as of April 2023), high levels of inflation (see “-Inflation” below) and interest rate and currency volatility, 
remain of concern, particularly in light of the further depreciation of the Turkish Lira. These conditions have had, and likely 
will continue to have, a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, 
including as a result of their impact on the Group’s customers. The Turkish government has sought to improve economic 
growth and, in September 2022, the Turkish Treasury published a three-year medium-term economic programme (referred to 
as the “Medium Term Programme”) under which GDP growth was anticipated to be 5.0% for both 2022 and 2023 and 5.5% 
for both 2024 and 2025; however, consumer inflation has substantially exceeded the Central Bank’s target for 2022 and is 
anticipated to remain well above the inflation target of 5.0% through the programme period. 
In particular, the general macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
retail and SME customers, both as borrowers and providers of deposits. For example, should the unemployment rate increase, 
the ability of the Group’s retail customers to meet their payment obligations and/or deposit funds with the Bank might be 
reduced. Similarly, reduced demand for goods and services caused by a slowdown in the Turkish economy might significantly 
impact SMEs. Additionally, the significant inflation since 2021 might decrease the ability of retail and other customers to pay 
their debts and/or contribute to economic growth, and their demand for loans and other banking services might decline. Any 
material adverse effect on the Group’s retail and SME customers resulting from macroeconomic conditions might impair the 
Group’s business strategies and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
The Turkish government has focused on certain strategically defined sectors, including energy, mining, 
petrochemical, pharmacy, tourism, automotive and information, including using Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund to support 
investments in these strategic sectors. In March 2021, the Turkish government announced “The Economic Reform Package” 
aiming to strengthen fiscal discipline and financial stability. The reforms in the package include supporting SMEs with tax 
reductions, decreasing foreign currency borrowing in order to reduce the sensitivity of the country’s debt stock to external 
shocks and supporting exports and green transformation of industrial companies in order to narrow the current account deficit. 
The package also aims to support employment, encourage transparent and accountable institutionalised governance, promote 
private sector investments and increase competitiveness in domestic markets. There can be no assurance that these targets 
will be reached or that the Turkish government will implement its current and proposed economic and fiscal policies 
successfully, including the Central Bank’s efforts to curtail inflation and simplify monetary policy. 
Since February 2001, the Central Bank has applied a floating exchange rate policy. Exchange rates for the Turkish 
Lira have historically been, and continue to be, highly volatile and recent events have further contributed to significant 
fluctuations in the value of the Turkish Lira and various governmental policies to respond to currency volatility and the 
resulting economic conditions. In recent years, there have been a number of periods of sharp depreciation and some recovery 
in the value of the Turkish Lira (e.g., using daily average exchange rates, the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar 
by 19.89% in 2020, 44.37% in 2021 and 28.71% in 2022, with significant volatility (particularly from August through

--- Page 35 ---
16 
November of 2020) driven in part by changes in Central Bank policy and regulatory changes and significant declines in the 
value of the Turkish Lira starting in September 2021 with the Central Bank’s decision to reduce policy rates despite very high 
levels of inflation). The Central Bank has from time to time used its interest rate policy, reserve requirements and other tools 
to try to lower inflationary pressures arising from exchange rate volatility, including some fairly large hikes in interest rates 
in 2018 (which were then followed by large decreases in 2019 and early 2020 as inflation moderated and then, notwithstanding 
the disinflationary impact of COVID-19 pandemic-related shutdowns, significant increases starting in August 2020 to address 
a significant depreciation in the value of the Turkish Lira; however, contrary to the expectations of some market participants, 
the Central Bank reduced its policy rate by 100 basis points in September 2021 and then, after three members of the Central 
Bank’s monetary policy committee were replaced on 13 October 2021, further reduced the policy rate by a larger-than-
expected 200 basis points (to 16.00%) on 21 October 2021, another 100 basis points (to 15.00%) on 18 November 2021 and 
another 100 basis points (to 14.00%) on 16 December 2021), following which the Turkish Lira reached a then all-time low 
of TL 17.4731/US$1 on 20 December 2021 given the Central Bank’s accommodative stance despite high inflationary 
conditions. Subsequently, the Turkish government, among other things, introduced a foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira 
deposit scheme in an effort to reduce the volatility in exchange rates and lower the inflation rate, resulting in some 
improvement in exchange rates. The scheme was announced in respect of retail depositors on 20 December 2021 and 
subsequently expanded to include corporate foreign currency accounts and gold deposit accounts in January 2022 and non-
resident Turkish nationals in February 2022. In 2022, the Central Bank initially held its policy rate notwithstanding rapidly 
increasing inflation and then, contrary to the expectations of many market participants, reduced the rate to 13.00% on 
18 August 2022 and again to 12.00% on 22 September 2022, both of which reductions resulted in the Turkish Lira declining 
to a new all-time low, and then further reduced its policy rate to 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 
and 8.50% on 23 February 2023. After the presidential elections in May 2023, the Central Bank increased the rate to 15.00%. 
The impact of these circumstances, including changes in the exchange rates of the Turkish Lira, might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group, including through borrower defaults, increased NPLs, reduced loan volumes and reduced earnings, the 
revaluation of assets and liabilities (including increases in the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s obligations in 
other currencies), a decline in capital and/or rapid changes in the economic and legal environment. For example, the Group’s 
and the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios have been materially impacted by the recent depreciation of the Turkish Lira, with 
(during 2022) every 10% decrease in the value of the Turkish Lira when compared to the U.S. dollar resulting in about a 
38 basis point negative impact on the Group’s common equity Tier 1 regulatory capital adequacy ratios. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the combined impact has resulted in the ratio declining slightly - while still above not only the minimum 
legal requirement of 8% but also the Group’s internal minimum of 12%, the Group might consider methods to increase its 
capital ratios, including through obtaining additional capital. 
As described elsewhere, the BRSA announced rules allowing banks to: (a) use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in certain capital and other calculations (replacing an earlier rule allowing the use of 
the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021) and (b) when making capital calculations, avoid 
the inclusion of mark-to-market losses on securities booked in the “financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” portfolio. If the Group and the Bank had not elected to use such calculations, their capital adequacy ratios would 
have been lower as of 31 December 2021 by 258 and 264 basis points, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 by 182 and 
170 basis points, respectively, and as of 31 March 2023 by 31 and 25 basis points, respectively. As also described elsewhere, 
the BRSA has implemented regulatory forbearance measures that allow banks to use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-
denominated receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions 
that do not have a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount 
of exposure subject to credit risk in accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulation, without which the capital adequacy ratios of the Group and the Bank would have been lower as of 31 December 
2021 by 47 and 60 basis points, as of 31 December 2022 by 80 and 102 basis points and as of 31 March 2023 by 68 and 
86 basis points, respectively. Collectively, these accommodations have had a material positive impact on the capital adequacy 
ratios of the Group and the Bank and, if such were to be discontinued or limited, the Group’s and/or the Bank’s capital 
adequacy ratios would likely decline. 
Any further significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major currencies, or any 
actions taken by the Central Bank or other Turkish authorities to protect the value of the Turkish Lira (such as increased 
interest rates or other policy actions by the Central Bank), might adversely affect the financial condition of Türkiye as a whole, 
including its inflation rate and/or the ability of the Central Bank to implement its policy goals, and might have a material 
negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. As of 31 May 2023, the Central Bank 
had net negative foreign exchange reserves (excluding swap transactions), which could further limit the Central Bank’s policy 
actions, including actions to limit any further reductions in foreign currency liquidity in Türkiye. 
Any monetary policy tightening of the U.S. Federal Reserve (including as started in early 2022) and/or the ECB 
(such as the announced wind-down of asset purchases or the interest rate increases started in July 2022), disruptions in global

--- Page 36 ---
17 
credit markets or any other increase in market interest rates, particularly if it is more accelerated than expected, might have 
an adverse impact on Türkiye, including on Türkiye’s external financing needs, and might reduce the availability of and/or 
increase the cost of funding to the Turkish banking sector. 
Should Türkiye’s economy experience macroeconomic imbalances or otherwise be unsuccessful, it might have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Current Account Deficit – An increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit might result in governmental efforts to decrease 
economic activity 
Türkiye’s current account deficit has long created a significant risk for the Turkish economy, including contributing 
to the country’s need for external funding to support its balance-of-payment position. Due to ongoing weakness in economic 
activity, Türkiye’s current account balance in 2019 showed a surplus of US$10.8 billion (1.4% of GDP) according to the 
Central Bank, which was the first surplus since 2002, but then reverted to a deficit of US$31.9 billion (4.4% of GDP) in 2020, 
which deficit was primarily due to a decrease in exports to Europe and significantly lower tourism revenues arising from the 
shutdowns for the COVID-19 pandemic (e.g., Türkiye’s net tourism revenue fell by 59.3% in 2020 compared with 2019). 
During 2021, reflecting the recovery in global activity, the easing of lockdown measures and significant global policy 
stimulus, Türkiye’s current account deficit declined to US$7.2 billion (0.9% of GDP) as a result of increased exports, a 
moderation in imports (especially gold) and increased tourism revenues. During 2022, and despite an increase in export and 
tourism revenues, Türkiye’s current account deficit increased to US$48.8 billion (9.7% of GDP) due largely to the increase 
in energy prices (including resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine), high commodity prices, continuing imports of 
gold and robust demand as a result of increasing consumption. Various events and circumstances, including (inter alia) a 
sustained rise in energy prices, a decline in Türkiye’s foreign trade and tourism revenues (including due to the impact of the 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine and tighter monetary policies in certain economies), political risks, the increased demand 
resulting from rebuilding after the February 2023 earthquakes and changes to Türkiye’s macroeconomic policy (such as with 
respect to domestic interest rates), might result in an increase in the current account deficit. The current account deficit is a 
principal concern for Turkish policy makers as it increases Türkiye’s vulnerability to changes in global macroeconomic 
conditions, and the Turkish government might take policy actions to reduce the current account deficit, including policies that 
might have a material negative impact on domestic growth and consumption. Any negative impact on economic growth or 
the introduction of policies that curtail the economy’s activity might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Although Türkiye’s economic growth depends to some extent upon domestic demand, Türkiye’s economy is also 
dependent upon trade, in particular with Europe. The EU remains Türkiye’s largest export market. A significant decline in 
the economic growth of any of Türkiye’s major trading partners, such as due to decreased global demand as a result of 
tightening monetary policies, might have an adverse impact on Türkiye’s balance of trade and adversely affect Türkiye’s 
economic growth (for example, Türkiye’s balance of trade has been negatively impacted by the deceleration in the increase 
of exports in late 2022 and 2023 due to the weakening in global demand caused, in part, by policy rate hikes in the EU). 
Diplomatic or political tensions between Türkiye and the EU (or any of its member states) or other countries might impact 
trade or demand for imports and exports. A decline in demand for imports into the EU or Türkiye’s other trading partners 
might have a material adverse effect on Turkish exports and thus on Türkiye’s economic growth and thereby result in an 
increase in Türkiye’s current account deficit. To a lesser extent, Türkiye also exports to markets in Russia and the Middle 
East, and the continuing political and/or economic turmoil in certain of those markets might lead to a decline in demand for 
such imports, with a similar negative effect on Turkish economic growth and Türkiye’s current account deficit. In addition, 
tourism remains particularly important for Türkiye, both due to the direct economic impacts as well as the importance of 
foreign exchange inflows given Türkiye’s current account deficit and low foreign currency reserves. 
If the value of the Turkish Lira relative to the U.S. dollar and other relevant trading currencies declines, then the cost 
of importing oil, gas and other goods and services might increase, resulting in potential increases in Türkiye’s current account 
deficit. As an increase in the current account deficit might erode financial stability in Türkiye, the Central Bank takes (and 
has taken) certain actions to manage price and financial stability, which actions (including changes to interest rates and reserve 
requirements) might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Türkiye is an energy import-dependent country and recorded US$80.1 billion of net energy imports in 2022, an 
increase from US$42.2 billion of net energy imports in 2021, itself an increase from US$24.2 billion of net energy imports in 
2020. Although the government has been heavily promoting new domestic energy projects, and promising new fields have 
been identified in the Black Sea, these have not yet significantly decreased the need for imported energy and thus any 
geopolitical development concerning energy security might have a material impact on Türkiye’s current account balance. 
Volatile oil and natural gas prices (including as a result of agreements among the members of the Organisation of the

--- Page 37 ---
18 
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and/or other oil-exporting nations to cut output or any geopolitical development 
concerning energy security and prices, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States’ withdrawal from the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action and re-imposing previously suspended secondary sanctions on Iran or the decision of the 
United States to impose sanctions on Venezuela), together with the Turkish Lira’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar (in 
which most of Türkiye’s energy imports are priced), might have a negative impact on Türkiye’s current account deficit. 
If the current account deficit widens, then financial stability in Türkiye might deteriorate. In addition, financing a 
current account deficit might be difficult in the event of a global liquidity or banking crisis and/or declining interest or 
confidence of foreign investors in Türkiye, and a failure to reduce the current account deficit might have a negative impact 
on Türkiye’s sovereign credit ratings. Any such difficulties might lead the Turkish government to seek to raise additional 
revenue to finance the current account deficit, reduce domestic demand and/or stabilise the Turkish financial system, any of 
which might materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Inflation – Türkiye’s economy is subject to significant inflationary pressures 
The Turkish economy has been subject to significant increases in inflation in recent years which might continue 
(including at elevated levels). In 2020, the annual consumer price index (“CPI”) inflation rate was 14.6% and domestic 
producer price inflation was 25.2%, reflecting primarily an increase in food, energy and commodity prices (including due to 
the depreciation of the Turkish Lira). In 2021, the CPI inflation rate rose to 36.1%, reflecting primarily an increase in the 
prices of food, energy, consumer durables and transportation, which increases resulted from the depreciation of the Turkish 
Lira, the impact of disruptions in supply chains, the rise in government-administered prices and the reopening of the Turkish 
economy from COVID-19-related restrictions. In 2022, the CPI inflation rate was 64.3% and the domestic producer price 
inflation rate was 97.7%, with inflation then declining to 38.2% and 40.4%, respectively, for the twelve months ended June 
2023 (it should be noted that this is the official inflation rate whereas other analysts have published different rates, in some 
cases significantly higher than the official rate), again reflecting significant increases in the prices of food, energy and 
imported products. On 4 May 2023, the Central Bank published an inflation report indicating an inflation forecast of 22.3%, 
8.8% and 5.0% in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. While the Bank’s management expects inflation to remain steady or 
slightly decline in the remainder of 2023, inflation might continue at an elevated, or even higher, pace due to potential higher 
food inflation (in part due to droughts, wildfires, logistics obstacles and other supply side challenges), cost push factors (where 
sellers pass along increasing costs to their customers) and/or worsening inflation expectations. In addition, high inflation 
levels in Türkiye since 2022 matched with reduced policy rates have resulted in a de-linking of market interest rates in Türkiye 
from Central Bank rates since market participants set borrowing and lending rates on broader market conditions, including 
expectations regarding inflation. 
High inflation rates have distorted and might continue to distort the Group’s results of operations, with nominal 
growth rates of the balance sheet and profitability in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements significantly exceeding the rates 
as measured on a constant-currency basis. As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information,” as Türkiye’s 
cumulative inflation has exceeded 100% over the past three years, the criteria of IAS 29 (Financial Reporting in 
Hyperinflationary Economies) for inflation-adjusted accounting have been satisfied and the Group’s and the Bank’s IFRS 
Financial Statements starting with those as of and through the six months ended 30 June 2022 are required to apply inflation 
accounting, which not only complicates comparisons with past periods but might materially impact the Group’s and the 
Bank’s reported financial results under IFRS. While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no further 
announcement by the POA regarding this issue, such an adjustment might be required in the future (the POA announced that 
such was not applicable for the 2021 BRSA Financial Statements but, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, had not yet 
provided any guidance with respect to later BRSA Financial Statements), which change in accounting practices would 
similarly make the BRSA Financial Statements published at that time not comparable to those incorporated by reference 
herein and might materially impact the Group’s reported financial results. 
Significant global price increases in major commodities such as oil, cotton, corn and wheat would be likely to 
increase inflation pressures in Türkiye. Such inflation, particularly if combined with further depreciation of the Turkish Lira, 
might result in Türkiye’s inflation exceeding the Central Bank’s inflation target, which might cause the Central Bank to 
modify its monetary policy. Inflation-related measures that might be taken by the Central Bank and/or other Turkish 
authorities might have an adverse effect on the Turkish economy. If the level of inflation in Türkiye were to continue to 
fluctuate or increase significantly, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations.

--- Page 38 ---
19 
Potential Overdevelopment – Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been or become overdeveloped, which might 
result in a negative impact on the Turkish economy 
Certain sectors of the Turkish economy might have been (or might become) overdeveloped, including in particular 
the construction of luxury residences, shopping centres, office buildings, travel and tourism facilities and other real estate-
related projects and various renewable energy-related projects. For example, significant growth in the number of hotels 
occurred over recent years in anticipation of a continuing growth in international tourism, whereas in fact tourism declined 
very significantly due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the related travel restrictions, and can be significantly impacted 
by geopolitical conditions. Any such overdevelopment might lead to a rapid decline in prices of these and other properties or 
the failure of some of these projects, which might then lead to a deterioration of the asset quality of Turkish banks and, in 
case of any restructuring with any borrowers resulting in more favourable terms to borrowers, might lead to a decrease in 
income for Turkish banks. Even if this does not occur, the pace of development of such projects might decline in coming 
years as developers and project sponsors seek to reduce their risk, which might negatively affect the growth of the Turkish 
economy. Should any of such events occur, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters 
While political and economic conditions in Türkiye tend to have the most significant impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations, various other Türkiye-related matters are also important. These matters, the most 
material of which is the Turkish regulatory environment, that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material 
impact on the Issuer, and thus potentially on its ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, are set out in this sub-
category. 
Banking Regulatory Matters – The activities of the Group are highly regulated and changes to applicable laws, the 
interpretation or enforcement of such laws and/or any failure to comply with such laws might have a material adverse impact 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations 
The Group is subject to a number of banking, consumer protection, competition/antitrust and other laws designed to 
maintain the safety and financial stability of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other obligations and limit 
their exposure to risk. These laws have been subject to frequent change in recent years for a combination of prudential, 
economic and political considerations and there can be no assurance that such laws will necessarily achieve their objectives 
or enhance financial stability. These laws include Turkish laws (in particular those of the BRSA) as well as the laws of other 
countries in which the Group conducts business. These laws, which can increase the cost of doing business and limit the 
Group’s activities, include (inter alia): 
(a) the Regulation on the Equity of Banks was published in the Official Gazette No. 28756 dated 
5 September 2013 (the “Equity Regulation”) and the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of the Capital 
Adequacy of Banks published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 (the “Capital Adequacy 
Regulation”); the Equity Regulation introduced: (i) core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of 
tier 1 capital and (ii) new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria for debt instruments to be included in a bank’s 
tier 2 capital, whereas the Capital Adequacy Regulation requires a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and 
a minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and non-consolidated basis (which 
are in addition to the previously existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and 
changed the risk weights of certain items that are categorised under “other assets,” with the BRSA amending its 
guidance on 24 February 2017 to allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject 
to a 0% risk weight, 
(b) a regulation dated 23 February 2016 (the “D-SIBs Regulation”) regarding systemically important banks 
(“D-SIBs”), which regulation introduced additional capital requirements for D-SIBs in line with the requirements of 
Basel III (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has been classified as a D-SIB under the D-SIBs 
Regulation), 
(c) the BRSA’s: (i) decision dated 18 December 2015 (No. 6602) regarding the procedures for and 
principles on calculation, application and announcement of a countercyclical capital buffer and (ii) decision dated 
24 December 2015 (No. 6619) regarding the determination of such countercyclical capital buffer (together, the 
“BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer”), pursuant to which decisions the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Turkish banks’ (including the Bank’s) exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-

--- Page 39 ---
20 
weighted assets in Türkiye (effective as of 1 January 2016); however, such ratio can fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% 
as announced from time to time by the BRSA, 
(d) the Regulation on Measurement of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Banks published in the Official Gazette 
No. 28948 dated 21 March 2014 (the “Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios”) in order to ensure that a bank 
maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its 
liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day period, according to which regulation the liquidity coverage ratios of banks is 
not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis, 
(e) the Regulation on Procedures and Principles for Classification of Loans and Provisions to be Set Aside 
(the “Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation”), which entered into effect as of 1 January 2018 in order 
to ensure compliance with the requirements of TFRS and the Financial Sector Assessment Programme, which is a 
joint programme of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank; this regulation required banks to adopt 
TFRS 9 principles (unless an exemption is granted by the BRSA) related to the assessment of credit risk and to 
account for expected credit losses in line with such principles, 
(f) in early 2020, there came into force new limitations to be determined by the Central Bank on certain fees 
and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers, including limitations on fees for electronic funds 
transfers, and (in August 2021) the Central Bank (though increasing the fees that can be charged for ATM usage and 
commissions that can be collected from the use of point of sale (“POS”) systems) introduced further limits, which 
limitations might negatively impact the fees and commissions earned by the Group (for further information on the 
size of the Bank’s fee and commission income, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations”), 
(g) on 10 June 2022, the Central Bank issued the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities 
for Foreign Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities) (as amended from time to time, the “Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities”) to require Turkish 
banks to maintain Turkish Lira-denominated securities for their foreign currency deposit and participation funds, 
funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, precious metal deposit accounts, securities issued by 
entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks, and Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; 
provided that the following are excluded: (i) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (ii) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate 
credit cards; pursuant to this regulation, Turkish banks are required to (subject to certain calculations and exceptions): 
(A) use long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (including lease 
certificates issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) as reserves equal to 10% of the amount 
of the foreign currency deposits, participation funds, funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions, 
and precious metals accounts and 30% of the amount of such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans, and 
securities issued by entities (other than financial institutions) held by such banks and (B) provide a small amount of 
additional reserves for foreign exchange deposits and participation funds held by natural and legal persons based 
upon the conversation rate of such persons’ foreign currency accounts to Turkish Lira accounts, and 
(h) as part of the government’s effort to de-dollarise the economy, on 24 June 2022 (as amended on 7 July 
and 21 October 2022), the BRSA announced that non-financial institutions and companies that are subject to an 
independent audit and have foreign currency assets (which include (inter alia) gold, cash, deposits, securities but 
excluding foreign currency-denominated securities issued by Türkiye itself) of the equivalent of at least TL 10 
million at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
(including swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such 
foreign currency assets exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial 
year; the BRSA has, however, provided an exception for companies with such foreign currency assets of at least 
TL 10 million but who are not permitted to borrow foreign currency-denominated loans due to restrictions imposed 
by applicable laws at the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans in an amount up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position 
deficit as declared by the company at the time of loan application and confirmed by the company’s independent 
auditors or a certified public accountant at the end of every three month period. 
See “Turkish Regulatory Environment” for a description of the Turkish banking regulatory environment, including the 
implementation of Basel III in Türkiye. The BRSA conducts examinations of all banks operating in Türkiye and financial 
information, capital ratios, open positions, liquidity, interest rate risks and credit portfolios (inter alia) are followed up in 
detail at frequent intervals by the BRSA.

--- Page 40 ---
21 
Such measures might also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and, consequently, the demand for the 
Group’s products and services. Furthermore, as a consequence of certain of these changes, the Group might be required to 
increase its capital reserves and/or might need to access more expensive sources of financing to meet its regulatory liquidity 
and capital requirements, which in turn might have an adverse impact on its level of profitability and/or net interest margin. 
Moreover, certain laws that require holding additional Turkish government securities might increase the Group’s exposure to 
any adverse changes in Türkiye’s sovereign debt, including credit rating and interest rate changes.  New or revised laws also 
might increase the Group’s cost of doing business and/or limit its activities, such as the Central Bank’s frequent changes to 
monetary policy and reserve requirements. For example, the Turkish government (including the BRSA and the Central Bank) 
has introduced (and might introduce in the future) laws that impose limits with respect to fees and commissions charged to 
customers, increase the monthly minimum payments required to be paid by holders of credit cards, limiting loan yields on 
certain categories of loans (including potentially below the Group’s cost of funds), increase reserves or require a greater 
percentage of deposits to be held in Turkish Lira (increasing competition for such deposits). The Group might not be able to 
pass on any increased costs associated with such regulatory changes to its customers, particularly given the high level of 
competition in the Turkish banking sector. Accordingly, the Group might not be able to sustain its level of profitability in 
light of these regulatory changes and the Group’s profitability might be materially adversely impacted until (if ever) such 
changes can be incorporated into the Group’s pricing (and even then such changes might affect the Group’s profitability as 
increased pricing for customers might reduce customer demand for the Group’s products and services). 
Any failure by the Group to adopt adequate responses to these or future changes in the regulatory framework 
(whether in Türkiye or any other jurisdiction in which the Group operates) might have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. In addition, non-compliance with laws might expose the Group to 
potential liabilities and fines and/or damage its reputation. 
The Bank is also subject to competition/antitrust laws. In November 2011, the Turkish Competition Board (Rekabet 
Kurulu) (the “Competition Board”) initiated an investigation against the Bank (and two of its subsidiaries) and 11 other banks 
operating in Türkiye with respect to allegations of acting in concert regarding interest rates and fees on credit cards, deposits 
and loans (including mortgage loans). On 8 March 2013, the Competition Board ruled that the economic group comprised of 
the Bank and two of its subsidiaries (i.e., Garanti Ödeme Sistemleri A.Ş. (“GPS” or Garanti Payment Systems) and Garanti 
Konut Finansmanı Danışmanlık Hiz. A.Ş. (“Garanti Mortgage”)) was to be fined TL 213 million in connection with this 
investigation, and on 16 August 2013 the Bank paid three quarters of this administrative penalty (i.e., TL 160.04 million), in 
accordance with the provisions of law permitting a 25% reduction if paid within 30 days after the Bank’s receipt of the final 
decision (which was received on 17 July 2013). Notwithstanding this payment, the Bank has objected to this decision through 
an annulment action before the administrative courts, which action was rejected. The Bank has appealed the court’s decision; 
however, the 13th Chamber of Council of State has rejected the appeal. On 1 July 2016, the Bank requested the revision of 
such decision from the Council of State, Plenary Session of Administrative Law Chambers, which was accepted by the 
Council of State, Plenary Session of Administrative Law Chambers; however, the 2nd Administration Court of Ankara upheld 
the decision. Such decision to uphold the decision was appealed by the Bank. The Plenary Session of Administrative Law 
Chambers accepted the Bank’s appellate plea and reversed the first degree’s decision to sustain its original ruling. The 
Competition Board applied for a revision of the decision, which was rejected by the Plenary Session of Administrative Law 
Chambers. Following this ruling, the first degree court annulled the administrative fine, upon which the deposited 
administrative fine amount was refunded to the Bank. The Competition Board has appealed this decision. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the post-appellate decision of the Plenary Session of Administrative Law Chambers is pending. See 
“The Group and its Business – Litigation and Administrative Proceedings.” 
Emerging Markets Risk – International investors might view Türkiye negatively based upon adverse events in other emerging 
markets 
In general, investing in the securities of issuers that have operations primarily in emerging market countries like 
Türkiye involves a higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the United 
States, the countries of the EU or other similar jurisdictions. The market for securities issued by Turkish companies is 
influenced not only by economic and market conditions in Türkiye but also market conditions in other emerging market 
countries or in the United States and the EU. For example, developments or economic conditions in one or more other 
emerging market(s) have at times adversely affected the prices of securities from, and the availability of credit to, other 
emerging market countries as investors move their money to countries that are perceived to be more stable and economically 
developed. An increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies might dampen capital flows 
to Türkiye and/or otherwise adversely affect the Turkish economy. As a result, investors’ interest in the Notes (and thus the 
market price of an investment in the Notes) might be subject to fluctuations that might not necessarily be related to economic 
conditions in Türkiye or the financial performance of the Group. There can be no assurance that investors’ interest in Türkiye

--- Page 41 ---
22 
in general, and the Notes in particular, will not be negatively affected by events in other emerging markets or the global 
economy in general. 
Risks Relating to the Group and its Business 
While Turkish political, economic, regulatory and other circumstances are the most material category of risks relating 
to the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, matters specific to the Group also might have a material 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of the Notes, particularly the Group’s exposure with respect 
to the loans and other credits that it extends to borrowers and other counterparties. Such risks that the Issuer’s management 
has identified as having a material impact on the Issuer are set out in this section. The principal sub-categories of the risks 
relating to the Group and its business are credit risks, market risks, funding risks, operational risks and other Group-related 
risks, each as set out in their corresponding section below. 
Credit Risks 
Counterparty Credit Risk – The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to its borrowers and other counterparties 
The Group’s primary business risk is the inherent risk that its borrowers and other counterparties might not be able 
to meet their obligations to the Group, which ability is affected by many factors. These counterparties include (inter alios) 
borrowers of loans from the Group, issuers whose securities are held by the Group, trading and hedging counterparties and 
customers of letters of credit provided by the Group, the Group’s exposures to certain of which (particularly for loans for 
infrastructure and energy projects) are large. Any of these counterparties might default in their obligations to the Group due 
(inter alia) to the factors described in “-Risks Relating to Türkiye” and/or adverse changes in consumer spending, consumer 
confidence, unemployment levels, corporate restructurings, bankruptcy rates and/or market volatility, including due to local, 
national and/or global factors. Many of these factors are difficult to anticipate and are outside of the Group’s control. If the 
Group’s customers are unable to meet their obligations to the Group when due, then this would increase the Group’s past due 
loan portfolio, require the Group to reserve additional provisions and reduce its net profit/(loss) and capital levels, which 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
For example, if the Turkish Lira were to further depreciate materially against foreign currencies (such as, using daily 
average exchange rates, the 28.71% depreciation against the U.S. dollar in 2022), then it would be more difficult for the 
Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay their foreign currency-
denominated loans (e.g., in part due to the recent significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira and declining economic growth 
in Türkiye, some corporate borrowers (including some large corporate borrowers) have restructured their loans; however, 
such borrowers might continue to have difficulties supporting their debt obligations, particularly if the Turkish Lira 
depreciates further, which might result in additional NPLs). 
Compounding this risk, and notwithstanding the credit risk policies and procedures that the Group has in place, the 
Group might not correctly assess the creditworthiness of its credit applicants or other counterparties (or their financial 
conditions might change) and, as a result, the Group might suffer material credit losses. If the Group is unable to accurately 
model the risk associated with borrowers, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. Furthermore, should any large debtor to the Turkish financial system experience 
financial difficulties, as has happened in the recent past, then that might have a negative impact on the Group, including 
indirectly through having a negative impact on the Turkish banking sector. 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses. 
Determining the amount of such provisions involves the use of numerous estimates and assumptions. As a result, the level of 
provisions and other reserves that the Group has set aside might prove insufficient and the Group might be required to create 
significant additional provisions and other reserves in future periods. The Group’s NPL ratio declined from 4.5% as of 
31 December 2020 to, due in part to the BRSA’s temporary loan classification changes during the COVID-19 pandemic 
discussed below and TL 5.6 billion in write-downs, 3.6% as of 31 December 2021 (with write-downs accounting for 2.0% of 
the decline) and then further declined to 2.6% as of 31 December 2022 as a result of strong collection performance and high 
levels of loan growth. The NPL ratio then declined further to 2.4% as of 31 March 2023 also as a result of strong collection 
performance and high levels of loan growth. The Stage 2 loans as a percentage of performing loans increased from 17.2% as 
of 31 December 2020 to 17.4% as of 31 December 2021 before declining to 13.9% as of 31 December 2022 and then 
increasing to 14.4% as of 31 March 2023 (the Stage 2 loans as a percentage of total loans changed from 16.4% to 16.8% to 
13.6% to 14.0% during the same period), with the decline in 2022 being principally the result of the increase in the size of the 
loan portfolio (i.e., a denominator effect). It should be noted that, as a result of March 2020 decisions by the BRSA relating 
to the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the length of the period of non-payment before a loan or other

--- Page 42 ---
23 
receivable is considered to be non-performing was temporarily extended through 30 June 2021 and then further extended 
through 30 September 2021, which thus resulted in some loans and other receivables with an overdue amount between 90 and 
180 days to remain classified as performing (i.e., Stage 2 loans) during this period when they might have been classified as 
NPLs absent these temporary actions (on 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of 
this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more 
than 180 days as of 1 October 2021). This change temporarily reduced recognition of NPLs and, as a result, the Group’s 
reported NPLs as of 31 December 2020 might not be indicative of the Group’s asset quality compared to other periods. See 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment - Expected Credit Losses.” Certain temporary rules have also been enacted for banks as a 
result of the February 2023 earthquakes, including limitations on requiring payment from certain borrowers in the regions 
impacted by the earthquakes and reductions in risk-weightings of certain loans to borrowers in such regions. 
The Group’s exposure to other financial institutions is significant, some of which counterparties might become 
unable to satisfy their obligations to the Group. Such counterparties might become subject to resolution procedures in their 
home jurisdictions, such as under Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879, for certain EU financial 
institutions or the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 for certain UK financial institutions, which procedures might materially 
negatively impact the amount and/or timing of what the Group would receive from a financial counterparty should it be 
subject to resolution. The disruptions in the global banking sector in March 2023, including the announcement of the 
acquisition of Credit Suisse by UBS (and the losses incurred by Credit Suisse investors) and the failure of Silicon Valley 
Bank and Signature Bank in the United States, have highlighted the risks in the banking sector and there can be no assurance 
that the sector will not be subject to further strain, particularly given that (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) inflation 
rates remain high, economic activity remains muted and major global central banks are continuing their tightening policy. A 
banking sector crisis might have materially adverse impacts on the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects or 
financial condition. 
The Group’s efforts to mitigate credit risk, including through diversification of its assets and requiring collateral for 
many of its loans, might be insufficient to protect the Group against material credit losses. For example, as described in 
“-Insufficient Collateral” below, if the value of the collateral securing the Group’s credit portfolio is insufficient (including 
through a decline in its value after the original taking of such collateral), then the Group will be exposed to greater credit risk 
(and an increased risk of non-recovery) if related credit exposures fail to perform. 
Loan Concentrations – The Group’s credit portfolio has significant industry and borrower concentrations, which renders it 
susceptible to any deterioration in the financial condition of such industries and borrowers 
Although the Group seeks to maintain diversity within its loan book with respect to industry, customer type, customer 
and loan product, certain concentrations are inherent in the Group’s business. Total cash loans to the Bank’s 20 largest group 
customers (excluding Turkish government entities) as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 represented 20.1%, 21.6% and 
18.5%, respectively, of its cash gross loan portfolio (including loans measured at fair value through profit or loss and accrued 
interest). 
With respect to loans to corporate borrowers, concentrations by industry (e.g., agriculture) or product type (e.g., 
project financings) exist from time to time, including (particularly for project or acquisition financings) potentially large 
individual exposures. In terms of industry concentration, the retail, infrastructure, energy and real estate sectors accounted for 
32.4%, 9.1%, 8.2% and 3.7% respectively, of the Bank’s gross loan portfolio as of 31 March 2023 (28.4%, 9.3%, 11.2% and 
3.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022, 26.8%, 10.6%, 14.4% and 3.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 
26.6%, 9.9%, 14.5% and 3.5%, respectively as of 31 December 2020). 
As of 31 March 2023, 17.8% and 19.9% of the Group’s performing cash loans excluding financial leases and 
factoring receivables were credit card and consumer loans, respectively, which historically have had among the highest rate 
of payment default and are uncollateralised. Additionally, the Group’s exposures to certain borrowers (particularly for loans 
for energy projects) are large and the Group is likely to continue making such large loans where such an investment is 
determined by the Group to be a credit-worthy transaction. 
The Group periodically sells portions of its NPL portfolio when market conditions were attractive to do so. In 2020, 
NPLs amounting to TL 147,010 thousand were sold, whereas in 2021 NPLs amounting to TL 665,407 thousand were sold 
and in 2022 NPLs amounting to TL 829,066 thousand were sold. In the first three months of 2023, there were no such sales. 
The effect of NPL sales on the NPL ratio was to reduce it by 0.04% in 2020, 0.13% in 2021 and 0.10% in 2022 (i.e., the NPL 
ratio for such periods would have been higher by such amounts had such sales not occurred). Write-downs and write offs have 
a similar effect, and the Group had TL 5.6 billion, TL 10.6 billion, TL 12.0 billion and TL 12.8 billion of write-downs in 2020,

--- Page 43 ---
24 
2021, 2022 and the first three months of 2023, respectively, accounting for a 1.46%, 1.96%, 1.46% and 1.43% decline in the 
NPL ratio, respectively. 
On a Bank-only basis (excluding credit card NPLs), SMEs (per the BRSA SME Definition) accounted for 8.2% of 
total NPLs as of 31 March 2023 (12.4% as of 31 December 2020, 10.6% as of 31 December 2021 and 9.9% as of 31 December 
2022). 
If a material volume of any loans becomes non-performing or there is a slowdown (or any perception of slowdown) 
in economic conditions related thereto, then this might have a material adverse effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, 
including the Group. Any such restructuring might also reduce the income of Turkish banks if the debt is restructured with 
terms more favourable to borrowers. In addition, a downturn in any sector or specific borrower to which the Group has 
significant exposure might result in, among other things, a decrease of funds that such customers hold on deposit with the 
Bank, a default on their obligations owed to the Group and/or a need for the Group to increase its provisions in respect of 
such obligations, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. 
Government Default – The Group has a significant portion of its assets invested in Turkish government obligations, making 
it highly dependent upon the continued credit quality of, and payment of its obligations by, the Turkish government 
The Group has significant exposure to Turkish governmental and state-controlled entities, including the Central 
Bank. As of 31 March 2023, 90.8% of the Group’s total securities portfolio (15.0% of its total assets and equal to 127.0% of 
its shareholders’ equity) was invested in Turkish government debt securities (90.3%, 14.2%, 120.7%, respectively, as of 
31 December 2022, 83.4%, 10.2% and 107.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and 86.4%, 12.5% and 108.5%, 
respectively, as of 31 December 2020). In 2023 in particular, there was a significant increase in the amount of Turkish 
governmental bonds held by the Group as a result of regulatory requirements described elsewhere herein (see, e.g., “Turkish 
Regulatory Environment – Liquidity and Reserve Requirements”). In addition, the Group has exposure to the Turkish 
government through the Group’s participation in financing state-sponsored infrastructure projects and the Credit Guarantee 
Fund (Kredi Garanti Fonu) (the “KGF”) guaranteed loan programme, which might be susceptible to increased credit risk in 
the event of weakness in Türkiye’s macroeconomic condition or deterioration of the Turkish government’s creditworthiness. 
In early 2020, the KGF-guaranteed loan programme was expanded to include retail loans as part of the government’s efforts 
to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the programme was expanded and enlarged in 2021, 2022 
and 2023, which might increase the credit risk of obligations payable by the Turkish government. Furthermore, the Group 
maintains significant amounts of reserves (including foreign currency reserves) with the Central Bank, for which it is subject 
to the Central Bank’s ability to return such reserves, and is otherwise dependent upon the Central Bank. 
Türkiye’s sovereign debt ratings have been subject to various downgrades recently and might be further downgraded. 
For example, on 14 June 2019, Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating was downgraded to “B1” (with a negative 
outlook) from “Ba3” (with a negative outlook) by Moody’s. On 12 July 2019, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s long-term foreign 
currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB” (with a negative outlook) and long-term 
local currency issuer default credit rating to “BB-” (with a negative outlook) from “BB+” (with a negative outlook). On 
1 November 2019, Fitch revised the outlook of Türkiye from negative to stable, following up on 12 November 2019 with a 
similar outlook change on certain Turkish banks (including the Bank). On 21 February 2020, Fitch affirmed Türkiye’s long-
term foreign currency issuer default rating at “BB-” (with a stable outlook). On 21 August 2020, Fitch revised the outlook on 
Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating from stable to negative. On 11 September 2020, Moody’s further 
reduced Türkiye’s foreign currency long-term credit rating to “B2” (with a negative outlook). On 19 February 2021, Fitch 
revised the outlook on Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default credit rating from negative to stable; however, the 
outlook was returned to negative on 2 December 2021. On 3 December 2021, Moody’s affirmed Türkiye’s sovereign rating 
at “B2” (with a negative outlook). On 11 February 2022, Fitch downgraded Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer 
default credit rating to “B+” (with a negative outlook), which was followed on 8 July 2022 by a further downgrade to “B” 
(with a negative outlook). On 12 August 2022, Moody’s downgraded Türkiye’s sovereign rating to “B3” (with a stable 
outlook). On 17 March 2023, Fitch affirmed Türkiye’s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating at “B” (with a negative 
outlook). Note that references to Moody’s and Fitch in this paragraph might refer to the applicable affiliate of Moody’s and 
Fitch as defined herein. 
In addition to any direct losses that the Group might incur, a default, or the perception of increased risk of default, 
by Turkish governmental entities in making payments on their debt or a downgrade in Türkiye’s credit rating would likely 
have a significant negative impact on the value of the government debt held by the Group and the Turkish banking system 
generally and might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Enforcing rights against governmental entities might be subject to structural, political or practical limitations.

--- Page 44 ---
25 
Insufficient Collateral – Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Group might not be sufficient to cover 
any losses in the event of defaults by debtors and might entail long and costly enforcement proceedings 
While certain of the Group’s loans are unsecured, many of the Group’s loans have the benefit of collateral and/or a 
personal guarantee. Accepting collateral and foreclosing on security interests are subject to certain costs and formal limitations 
under applicable law, with enforcement against any type of collateral potentially involving a long and costly procedure under 
Turkish or other applicable law. For example, the Group might have difficulty foreclosing on collateral when debtors default 
on their loans or apply to the courts for concordat proceedings, which might temporarily interrupt enforcement or foreclosure 
proceedings. In addition, the time and costs associated with enforcing security interests might make it uneconomical for the 
Group to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan losses, which might have a direct 
impact on the Group’s financial condition and results. 
Deterioration in economic conditions in Türkiye or a decline in the value of certain markets might reduce the value 
of the collateral securing the Group’s loans (and/or the ability of borrowers to post additional collateral), increasing the risk 
that the Group would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans in a default. If the Group seeks to realise on 
any such collateral, then it might be difficult to find a buyer and/or the collateral might be sold for significantly less than its 
appraised or actual value. 
Market Risks 
The Group is subject to risks that arise from open positions in currency, interest rate and (to a lesser extent) equity 
products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements. While the Group seeks to manage its market 
risk exposure through a range of measures (see “Risk Management – Market Risk Management” for further information), 
such measures might not be successful in mitigating all market risk. The Group’s exposure to market risks might lead to a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Certain of these risks are 
described below. 
Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk – The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group 
As a significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities (including off-balance sheet commitments such as letters 
of credit) is denominated in, or indexed to, foreign currencies (primarily U.S. dollars and euro), the Group is exposed to the 
effects of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, which can have a material impact on its business, financial condition 
(including capitalisation) and/or results of operations. These risks are both systemic (e.g., the impact of exchange rate 
volatility on the markets generally, including on the Group’s borrowers) and specific to the Group (e.g., due to the Group’s 
own net currency positions). If the Turkish Lira depreciates, then (when translated into Turkish Lira) the Group would incur 
currency translation losses on its liabilities denominated in (or indexed to) foreign currencies (such as the Group’s U.S. dollar-
denominated long-term loans and other debt) and would experience currency translation gains on its assets denominated in 
(or indexed to) foreign currencies. Furthermore, a significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira might affect the Group’s ability 
to attract customers on such terms or to charge rates indexed to foreign currencies. As a reference, using daily average 
exchange rates, the Turkish Lira depreciated against the U.S. dollar by 19.89% in 2020, 44.37% in 2021 and 28.71% in 2022 
(27.58% in 2023 through 30 June 2023, in part due to post-election expectations that the Central Bank would reduce its level 
of intervention to support the value of the Turkish Lira). The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against 
its principal trading and financing currencies. 
The Group seeks to manage the gap between its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities by (among other 
things) matching the volumes and maturities of its foreign currency-denominated loans against its foreign currency-
denominated deposits and other funding or by entering into currency hedges (with, for example, deposit costs versus hedging 
costs varying in a given period depending upon the Group’s decision whether to compete more aggressively for deposits or 
utilise hedging opportunities). If the Group is unable to manage this gap, then volatility in exchange rates might have a 
negative effect on the value of the Group’s assets and/or lead to increased expenses, which might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, in recent years, the Bank has 
had significant excess foreign exchange liquidity as a result of customers’ preference to hold foreign exchange-denominated 
deposits while foreign exchange-denominated lending has been limited due to measures to limit foreign exchange lending, 
slower economic conditions and foreign exchange rate volatility. To support its Turkish Lira-denominated business, the Bank 
has swapped foreign currencies for Turkish Lira, which has increased the Bank’s swap costs (which was compounded by 
market volatility and higher interest rates) and thereby had a negative impact on net interest margin (for example, in 2022, 
such swaps had a 116 basis point negative impact on the Bank’s swap-adjusted net interest margin).

--- Page 45 ---
26 
In preparing its BRSA Financial Statements, transactions in currencies other than Turkish Lira are recorded at the 
rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in 
foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on such balance sheet date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value 
that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was 
determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. As a 
result, the Group’s balance sheet and net profit/(loss) are affected by changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to 
foreign currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Group’s balance sheet and results of operations 
primarily depends upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing 
currencies. For example, as a result of the depreciation (using daily average exchange rates) of the Turkish Lira by 28.71% 
against the U.S. dollar in 2022, the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated assets, 
liabilities and capital increased significantly in 2022. 
The share of Turkish Lira-denominated assets and liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet changed from 54.1% and 
45.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 to 48.8% and 37.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 December 
2022, the balance increased from the end of the previous year, with Turkish Lira-denominated assets making up 55.5% of the 
Group’s balance sheet and liabilities accounting for 50.8%. As of 31 March 2023, the proportions increased further to 59.1% 
and 56.4%, respectively. The increases in 2021 and 2022 reflect foreign currency loan repayments exceeding new foreign 
currency loan demand (in U.S. dollar terms, there was a decline in foreign currency-denominated loans of 6.6% in 2021 and 
9.8% in 2022). The increase in the first three months of 2023 reflects the acceleration in the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated 
deposits and deceleration in the foreign currency deposits due to regulatory measures comprised in the Central Bank’s 
Liraisation strategy. As the depreciation of the Turkish Lira leads to an increase in the Turkish Lira-equivalent of the Group’s 
foreign currency-denominated risk-weighted assets, this might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a 
corresponding increase in capital or additional risk mitigation measures. 
From a systemic perspective, if the Turkish Lira were to depreciate materially against the U.S. dollar or the euro 
(which represent a significant portion of the foreign currency debt of the Group’s corporate and commercial customers), then 
it would be more difficult for the Group’s customers with income primarily or entirely denominated in Turkish Lira to repay 
their foreign currency-denominated debt (including to the Group) and reduced repayment capacity of such customers might 
have a material negative impact on the Group’s financial condition (including its capitalisation). A number of Turkish 
borrowers have significant amounts of debt denominated in foreign currency and thus are susceptible to this risk and certain 
foreign currency-denominated loans in the Turkish market have been (or are in the process of being) restructured. As of 
31 March 2023, 35.5% of the Group’s total loans to customers was denominated in foreign currencies (39.4%, 45.3% and 
35.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022), of which 48.8% was in U.S. dollars and 49.6% was in euro. 
Compounding the impact of normal market movements, any actions taken by the Central Bank or other authorities 
to intervene in the value of the Turkish Lira (such as via increased interest rates or capital controls) might have a material 
negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The Central Bank’s monetary policy 
is subject to a number of uncertainties, including global macroeconomic conditions, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
and political conditions in Türkiye. As global conditions have been volatile in recent years, including as a result of, among 
other factors, expectations regarding slower growth and low commodity and oil prices, monetary policy remains subject to 
uncertainty. 
Interest Rate Risk – The Group might be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates 
The Group’s results of operations depend significantly upon the level of its net interest income, which is the 
difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest 
income is the principal source of income for the Group, contributing 64.7%, 58.6%, 66.1% and 46.7% of the Group’s total 
operating income before provisions for 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the first three months of 2023, respectively, and the Group’s 
net interest margin was 6.1%, 6.5%, 9.1% and 6.4%, respectively, over the same periods (6.6%, 6.7%, 11.1% and 6.8%, 
respectively, for the Bank). As a result, the differential between the average interest rates that the Group charges on interest-
earning assets and the average interest rates that it accrues on interest-bearing liabilities, and the volume of such assets and 
liabilities, tend to have the most significant impact on the Bank’s results of operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies pursued 
by the Turkish government and domestic and international economic and political conditions, and the Group might be unable 
to take actions to mitigate any adverse effects of interest rate movements. In particular, the Group might be affected by the 
Central Bank’s policies with respect to interest rates and reserve requirements. Changes in market interest rates might affect 
the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, 
thereby affecting the Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 46 ---
27 
For example, an increase in interest rates (such as the large increases that the Central Bank implemented in the last 
half of 2020 to combat high inflation and the depreciation of the Turkish Lira) might cause the interest expense on deposits 
(which are typically short-term and repriced frequently) to increase more significantly and/or quickly than interest income 
from loans (which are short-, medium- and long-term), resulting in a potential short-term reduction in net interest income and 
net interest margin. In addition, a significant decline in average interest rates charged on loans to customers that is not fully 
matched by a decrease in interest rates on funding sources, or a significant increase in interest rates on funding sources that 
is not fully matched by a rise in interest rates charged, to the extent such exposures are not hedged, might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations; however, the impact will depend upon 
the respective repricing of loans and funding (for example, in a time of generally declining interest rates, banks generally 
benefit for a period as deposits reprice more quickly than loan portfolios). 
Although the Group uses various instruments and measures to manage exposures to interest rate risk (see “Risk 
Management – Interest Rate Risk”), these instruments and measures might not protect the Group from the risks of changing 
interest rates. 
Reduction in Earnings on Investment Portfolio – The Group might be unable to sustain the level of earnings on its securities 
portfolio obtained during recent years  
The Group has historically generated a portion of its interest income from its securities portfolio, with interest income 
derived from the Group’s securities portfolio in 2020, 2021, 2022 and the first three months of 2023 accounting for 16.6%, 
17.0, 31.3% and 22.6%, respectively, of its total interest income and 11.9%, 11.5%, 22.5% and 13.8%, respectively, of its 
gross operating income before deducting interest expense and fees and commissions expense. The Group also has obtained 
large realised gains from the sale of securities in its available-for-sale portfolio. The CPI-linked securities in the Group’s 
investment securities portfolio provided high real yields compared to other government securities in each of such years, 
benefitting from the high inflation environment, but their impact on the Group’s earnings might vary as inflation rates change. 
While the contribution of income from the Group’s securities portfolio has been significant over recent years, such 
income might not be as large in coming years. As securities in its portfolio are repaid, the Group might not be able to re-invest 
in assets with a comparable return. As such, the Group might experience declining levels of earnings from its securities 
portfolio. If the Group is unable to sustain its level of earnings from its securities portfolio, then this might have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Funding Risks 
Liquidity Risk – The Group might have difficulty borrowing funds on acceptable terms, if at all 
Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties in relation to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover obligations to customers, meet payment obligations on time and satisfy regulatory capital requirements. It 
includes (inter alia) the risk of lack of access to funding (other than from the reserves held with the Central Bank and limits 
granted to the Bank by the Central Bank both in Turkish Lira and foreign currency), the risk of unexpected increases in the 
cost of financing and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity dates of the Group’s liabilities reasonably in line with 
its assets (an asset-liability maturity gap). The Group’s inability to meet its net funding requirements due to inadequate 
liquidity would likely materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience liquidity issues. In the event that the Group experiences 
liquidity issues, its ability to access certain sources of funding at such time might be negatively impacted by factors that are 
not specific to its operations, such as general market conditions, disruptions of the financial markets or sovereign credit rating 
downgrades. For example, in the case of a global liquidity crisis, wholesale funding would likely become increasingly costly 
and more difficult to obtain for the Group, which might adversely affect borrowing using capital market instruments. 
The Group relies primarily on short-term liabilities in the form of deposits (typically deposits with terms of less than 
three months) as its source of funding and has a mix of short-, medium- and long-term assets in the form (inter alia) of retail, 
commercial and corporate loans, mortgages and credit cards, which might result in asset-liability maturity gaps and liquidity 
problems. The Group’s loan-to-deposit ratio was 96.2%, 84.3%, 84.7% and 80.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 
2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023. In addition, depositors might withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which 
borrowers repay. If the Group’s retail customers become or remain unemployed or earn declining amounts, then they might 
save less or consume more of their money deposited with the Group, which might negatively affect the Group’s access to 
deposit-based funding. Similarly, if the Group’s corporate customers face liquidity problems, then they might draw down

--- Page 47 ---
28 
their deposits with the Group. An inability on the Group’s part to access such funds might put the Group’s liquidity at risk 
and lead the Group to be unable to finance its operations and growth plans adequately or within required regulatory limits. 
While the Group’s principal source of funding comes from deposits, these funds are short-term by nature and thus 
do not enable the Group to match fund its medium- and long-term assets. In addition, price competition for wholesale deposits 
has made such deposits less attractive. As a result, the Group seeks to extend the average maturity of its liabilities in order to 
manage the maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities, to manage its liquidity coverage ratio requirements and to 
provide diversity in its funding. The Group has raised (and likely will seek to continue to raise) longer term funds from 
syndicated and bilateral loans, “future flow” transactions, bond issuances and other transactions, many of which are 
denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s non-deposit funding (i.e., the sum of funds borrowed, money market 
borrowings and securities issued, noting that this excludes subordinated debt instruments) was equivalent to 13.9%, 14.1%, 
10.4% and 9.4%, respectively, of its assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023. If growth in the 
Group’s deposit portfolio does not keep pace with growth in its loan portfolio, then the Group will become more reliant upon 
non-deposit funding sources, some of which might create additional risks of their own such as increased interest rate gaps and 
exposure to volatility in international capital markets. If conditions in the international capital markets or interbank lending 
market, or the Group’s and/or Türkiye’s credit ratings, were to deteriorate, then the Group might be unable to secure funding 
through international sources. 
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s wholesale fundraising is denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s 
total foreign currency-denominated borrowings (i.e., the sum of foreign currency-denominated funds borrowed, financial 
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, money market funds, marketable securities issued and subordinated 
debt) equaled 13.9%, 14.1%, 10.4% and 9.4%, respectively, of its assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 
31 March 2023. While the Group has been successful in extending, at a relatively low cost, the maturity profile of its funding 
base, even during times of volatility in international markets, this might not continue in the future (including if investor 
confidence in Türkiye decreases as a result of political, economic or other factors). As of 31 March 2023, the Group had free 
foreign currency liquidity (including unencumbered foreign currency securities) amounting to US$5.3 billion while having 
US$4.4 billion in foreign currency-denominated external debt to be paid within one year (an additional US$1.4 billion in such 
debt matures in later periods). Particularly in light of the historical volatility of emerging market financings, the Group might 
have difficulty extending and/or refinancing its existing foreign currency-denominated indebtedness, hindering its ability to 
avoid the interest rate risk inherent in asset-liability maturity gaps. Should these risks materialise, these circumstances might 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. These risks might 
increase as the Group seeks to increase medium- and long-term lending to its customers, including mortgages and project 
financings, the funding for much of which is likely to be made through borrowings in foreign currency (including refinancing 
of its foreign currency borrowings). 
A rising interest rate environment (such as that developing as of the date of this Base Prospectus in certain markets 
as a result of increasing inflation and tightening by a number of central banks globally) might compound the risk of the Group 
not being able to access funds at favourable rates or at all. Moreover, regulatory changes (such as the BRSA’s regulation 
requiring Turkish banks to hold a certain percentage of Turkish Lira deposits) might increase competition among banks, 
resulting in increased costs of funding. These and other factors might lead creditors to form a negative view of the Group’s 
liquidity, which might result in lower credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and/or decreased access to funds. 
While the Group aims to maintain at any given time an adequate level of liquidity reserves, strains on liquidity caused 
by any of these factors or otherwise (including as a result of the requirement to repay any indebtedness, whether on a scheduled 
basis or as a result of an acceleration due to a default or other event) might adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
Access to Capital – The Group might have difficulty raising capital on acceptable terms, if at all 
By law, each of the Bank and the Group is required to maintain certain capital levels and capital adequacy ratios in 
connection with its business, which capital adequacy ratios depend in part upon the level of risk-weighted assets. Any 
continued growth in the Group’s lending (both in absolute terms as well as proportionately in comparison to the Group’s zero 
risk-weighted investment in Turkish government securities) will likely result in an increase in the Group’s risk-weighted 
assets, which might adversely affect the Group’s capital adequacy ratios absent a corresponding increase in capital (see 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Adequacy”). 
Any changes relating to Basel III or any other capital adequacy-related revisions might impact the manner in which 
the Bank and/or the Group calculates its capital ratios and might impose higher capital requirements, which might in turn 
require the Group to raise additional capital and/or reduce its balance sheet to ensure that it has sufficient capital reserves,

--- Page 48 ---
29 
which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Additionally, it is possible that the Group’s capital levels might decline due to (inter alia) credit losses, loan provisions, 
currency fluctuations or dividend payments. The Group also might need to raise additional capital to ensure that it has 
sufficient capital to support growth in its assets. Should the Group wish or be required to raise additional capital, it might not 
be in a position to do so at all or at prices that the Group considers to be reasonable. If any or all of these risks materialise, 
then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
Operational Risks 
Competition in the Turkish Banking Sector – Intense competition in the Turkish banking sector might have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
The Group faces significant competition from other participants in the Turkish banking sector, including both state-
controlled and private banks in Türkiye as well as many subsidiaries and branches of foreign banks and joint ventures between 
Turkish and foreign shareholders. A small number of these banks dominate the banking industry in Türkiye. As of 31 March 
2023 (according to the Banks Association of Türkiye), the top seven banking groups in Türkiye (including the Group), three 
of which were state-controlled, held 72.5% of the Turkish banking sector’s total loan portfolio in Türkiye, 71.5% of the total 
bank assets in Türkiye and 76.3% of the total deposits in Türkiye (in each case, excluding participation banks and development 
and investment banks). The Bank’s management believes that further entries into the sector by foreign competitors, either 
directly or in collaboration with existing Turkish banks, might increase competition in the market, particularly as foreign 
competitors might have greater resources and more cost-effective funding sources than the Group. 
The Group faces competition from state-controlled financial institutions such as T.C. Ziraat Bankası A.Ş. (“Ziraat”), 
Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası T.A.O (“Vakıfbank”) and Halkbank. The government-controlled financial institutions are 
increasingly focusing on the private sector, leading to increased competition and pressure on margins. In particular, the 
government-controlled institutions might have preferential access to low cost deposits (on which such institutions pay low or 
no interest) through “State Economic Enterprises” owned or administered by the Turkish government, which might result in 
a lower cost of funds that cannot be duplicated by private sector banks. Continued expansion by government-controlled 
financial institutions is, particularly when combined with ongoing competitive pressures from private financial institutions, 
expected to put downward pressure on net interest margins in at least the short term. 
If competitors (including increasingly new technology companies) can offer better lending rates to clients, higher 
interest rates on deposits or better customer experiences for services and products, then the Group might (inter alia) lose 
customers or market share, be forced to reduce its margins and/or be forced to seek more expensive sources of funding, any 
of which might adversely affect the Group’s profitability. Increased price competition in the Turkish banking markets through 
the offer of products at significantly lower prices might also affect customer behaviour and loyalty. Any failure to maintain 
customer loyalty or to offer customers a wide range of high quality, competitive products with consistently high levels of 
service might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
In August 2021, the BRSA published the Regulation on Operation Principles of Digital Banks and Banking as a 
Service, which became effective on 1 January 2022 and establishes the regulatory principles for digital-only banks and 
banking as a service businesses. The increasing transition to digital banking, as reflected in this proposed regulation, presents 
the likelihood of greater competition in banking services as such digital-only platforms can be established relatively quickly 
due to their different infrastructure models (e.g., no branches). This new generation of competitors might have lower costs, 
thereby allowing them to offer products and services at prices below those offered by traditional banks such as the Bank. 
The Group’s exposure to intense competition in each of its key areas of operation might, among other things, limit 
the Group’s ability to increase its client base and expand its operations, reduce its asset growth rate and profit margins on 
services it provides and increase competition for investment opportunities. There can be no assurance that the continuation of 
existing levels of competition or increased competition will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Dependence upon Banking and Other Licences – Group members might be unable to maintain or secure the necessary 
licences for carrying on their business 
Each of the Bank and, to the extent applicable, each of its subsidiaries has a current Turkish and/or other applicable 
licence for all of its banking and other operations. The Bank’s management believes that the Bank and each of its subsidiaries 
is in compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations; nevertheless, if it is incorrect, or if any member

--- Page 49 ---
30 
of the Group were to suffer a loss of a licence, breach the terms of a licence or fail to obtain any further required licences, 
then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Restrictive Covenants – Restrictive covenants under the Group’s agreements might adversely affect the Group’s operations 
and a breach of any of these covenants might result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member 
of the Group and/or its properties 
The Group is party to a range of agreements, including in respect of debt raised by the Group, which contain 
restrictive covenants, such as negative pledges, requirements for the maintenance of certain regulatory authorisations and 
requirements to refrain from certain transactions with affiliates. These restrictive covenants might adversely affect the Group’s 
operations, such as its ability to raise funding secured by its properties. In addition, a breach of any of these covenants might 
result in the counterparty exercising remedies against the applicable member of the Group and/or its properties, and such 
breach and/or acceleration might cross-trigger to other agreements of the Group, any of which events might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For example, if the Bank is required 
to prepay a loan, then it might need to use a significant amount of its liquidity, sell assets (potentially at a disadvantageous 
price) and/or reduce its business in order to satisfy this unexpected prepayment. 
Estimations – Future events might be different from those reflected in the management assumptions and estimates used in 
the preparation of the Group’s financial statements, which might result in unexpected reductions in profitability 
Pursuant to accounting rules and interpretations, the Group uses certain estimates in preparing its financial 
statements, including in determining expected credit losses and the accounting value of certain assets and liabilities. Should 
the estimated values for such items prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of unexpected market movements 
or external developments (in each case, such as relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and the February 
2023 earthquakes), or if the methods by which such values were determined are revised in future accounting rules or 
interpretations, then the Group might experience unexpected reductions in profitability and/or such inaccuracies might 
otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For 
example, portions of the Group’s provisions for loans are determined based upon assumptions about the Turkish economy 
and thus (particularly if the Turkish economy underperforms such assumptions) the Group might have taken inadequate 
provisions for loans. 
Risk Management – The Group’s efforts to identify, control and manage risk might be inadequate 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including (inter alia) credit risk, 
market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk (each as separately discussed in these “Risk Factors”). Any material deficiency 
in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures might expose it to significant risk, which in 
turn might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If 
circumstances arise that the Group has not identified or anticipated adequately, if the security of its risk management systems 
is compromised or if its risk policies or procedures have material deficiencies, then the Group’s losses from such risks might 
be greater than expected, which might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. In addition, some of the Group’s methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical data, 
which might not accurately predict future risk exposures. For example, if the Group’s credit risk policies underestimate the 
negative impact of a recession on the value of Turkish real property, then loans secured by Turkish real property might be 
undercollateralised and result in material unexpected losses to the Group. See “Risk Management.” 
International Operations – Adverse changes in the regulatory and economic environment in other jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates might have a material adverse effect on the Group 
While a substantial majority of the Group’s operations are in Türkiye, it also (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
maintains operations in countries such as Romania and the Netherlands. The Group’s operations outside of Türkiye are subject 
to differing regulatory environments and domestic economic conditions and require the Group to engage in transactions in 
relevant local currencies such as the euro. In addition, certain of these jurisdictions are emerging markets, which might expose 
the Group to risks greater than those associated with more developed markets, including political, economic and social 
instability, uncertainty of local contractual terms and of enforcing terms in disputes before local courts, the introduction of 
exchange or foreign investment controls and the complexities and uncertainties of complying with local regulatory 
requirements. Adverse changes in the regulatory environments, tax and/or other laws, economic and political conditions, 
relevant exchange rates and/or other circumstances in the other jurisdictions in which the Group operates might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 50 ---
31 
Operational Risk – The Group might be unable to monitor and prevent losses arising from fraud and/or operational errors 
or disruptions 
The Group employs substantial resources to develop and operate its risk management processes and procedures; 
however, similar to other banking groups, the Group is susceptible to, among other things, fraud by employees, customers or 
other third parties, failure of internal processes and systems (including to detect fraud or unlawful transactions), unauthorised 
transactions by employees and other operational errors (including clerical or record-keeping errors and errors resulting from 
faulty computer or telecommunications systems). The Group’s risk management and expanded control capabilities are also 
limited by the information tools and techniques available to the Group. The Group is also subject to service interruptions from 
time to time caused by third party service providers (such as telecommunications operators) or other service interruptions 
resulting from events such as natural disasters. Such events might result in interruptions to services to the Group’s branches 
and/or impact customer service. In addition, given the Group’s high volume of transactions, fraud or errors might be repeated 
or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Furthermore, a number of banking transactions are not fully 
automated, which might further increase the risk that human error or employee tampering will result in losses that might be 
difficult for the Group to detect quickly or at all. For example, if the Group’s operational risk control systems do not identify 
a weakness in the Group’s mortgage loan application processing system, then fraud might occur that results in material 
unexpected losses to the Group. If the Group is unable to successfully monitor and control these or any other operational 
risks, then this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. See “Risk Management - Operational Risk Management.” 
Dependence upon Information Technology Systems – The Group’s operations might be adversely affected by interruptions to 
or the improper functioning of its information technology systems 
The Group’s business, financial performance and ability to meet its strategic objectives (including rapid credit 
decisions, product rollout and growth) depend to a significant extent upon the functionality of its information technology 
(“IT”) systems and its ability to increase systems capacity (for example, to support the significant increase in work-from-
home demands on the Group’s systems resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic). The proper functioning of the Group’s 
financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well 
as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to the Group’s business 
and its ability to compete. For example, the Group’s ability to process credit card and other electronic transactions for its 
customers is an essential element of its business. 
Any failure, interruption or breach in security of the Group’s IT systems (including as a result of any cyberattacks, 
phishing, ransomware or other malicious acts) might result in failures or interruptions in the Group’s risk management, general 
ledger, deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important operations. Although the Group has developed back-up 
systems and a fully-equipped disaster recovery centre, and might continue some of its operations through the Bank’s branches 
in case of emergency, if the Group’s IT systems failed, even for a short period of time, then it might be unable to serve some 
or all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and thus might lose business. Likewise, a temporary shutdown of the Group’s 
IT systems might result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification. In addition, the Group’s failure to 
update and develop its existing IT systems as effectively as its competitors might result in a loss of the competitive advantages 
that the Group believes its IT systems provide. Such failures or interruptions might occur and/or the Group might not 
adequately address them if they do occur. For example, if the Group’s IT technicians do not identify a programming error in 
the software running the Group’s mortgage application software, then fraud might occur that results in material unexpected 
losses to the Group. A disruption (even short-term) to the functionality of the Group’s IT systems, delays or other problems 
in increasing the capacity of the Group’s IT systems or increased costs associated with such systems might have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. For further information on the Group’s 
IT system, see “The Group and its Business - Information Technology.” 
Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing – The Group is subject to risks associated with money laundering or terrorist 
financing 
Although the Group has adopted various policies and procedures, and has put in place systems (including internal 
controls, “know your customer” rules and transaction monitoring), aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and seeks to adhere to all requirements under Turkish law and international standards aimed at preventing it from 
being used as a vehicle for money laundering or terrorist financing, these policies and procedures might not be completely 
effective. Moreover, to a certain extent, the Group must rely upon correspondent banks to maintain and properly apply their 
own appropriate anti-money laundering, “know your customer” and terrorist financing policies and procedures. If the Group 
does not comply with timely reporting requirements or other anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing laws and/or is 
associated with money laundering and/or terrorist financing, then its business, financial condition and/or results of operations

--- Page 51 ---
32 
might be adversely affected, including in manners that significantly exceed the actual value of the underlying transaction. In 
addition, involvement in such activities might carry criminal penalties or regulatory fines and sanctions and might severely 
harm the Group’s reputation, each of which might have a material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In October 2014, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) Working Group on 
Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working 
Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its 
efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also 
expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal 
persons and made several recommendations to address these concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the Financial Action 
Task Force (the “FATF”) placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of elevated supervision of its legal 
framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about inadequate supervision of 
Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having undertaken insufficient 
prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Subsequently, to reflect Türkiye’s progress, the FATF 
re-rated the country on 30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four recommendations from 
partially compliant to largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed the rating of one 
recommendation from partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant to largely 
compliant. These concerns might negatively impact investors’ willingness to invest in Türkiye and/or engage with Turkish 
banks and changes in Turkish laws and practices might arise from these recommendations, both of which might have a 
material effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Personnel – The Group’s success depends upon retaining key members of its senior management and its ability to recruit, 
train and motivate qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent upon its senior management to implement its strategy and operate its day-to-day business. 
In addition, corporate, retail and other relationships of members of senior management are important to the conduct of the 
Group’s business. In a rapidly emerging and developing market such as Türkiye, demand for highly trained and skilled staff, 
particularly in the Group’s İstanbul headquarters, is very high and requires the Group to re-assess continually its compensation 
and employment policies. If members of the Group’s senior management were to leave, particularly if they were to join 
competitors, then those employees’ relationships that have benefited the Group might not continue with the Group. In addition, 
the Group’s success depends, in part, upon its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified and experienced banking and 
management personnel. The Group’s failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel or manage its personnel successfully 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Other Group-Related Risks 
Audit Qualification – The auditor’s reports in relation to the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements have included a 
qualification and reports in relation to future financial statements might include similar qualifications 
The independent auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
herein was qualified with respect to general reserves that were allocated by the Bank. For example, such report in the Group’s 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 states that the qualification was the result 
of the fact that these reserves do “not meet the recognition criteria of TAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets”.” See also the auditor’s report included in each of the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference herein. Similar qualifications might be included in the corresponding audit or review report for future fiscal periods. 
In 2020, the Bank’s management increased the general reserves by TL 2,150,000 thousand (to TL 4,650,000 
thousand), increasing them again by TL 2,850,000 thousand in 2021 (to TL 7,500,000 thousand) and by TL 500,000 thousand 
in 2022 (to TL 8,000,000 thousand), in each case due to the possible effects of negative circumstances that might arise in the 
economy or in market conditions. 
Although general reserves do not impact the Group’s level of tax, the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and net 
profit/(loss) might otherwise be higher in the periods in which such reserves are established and lower in the periods in which 
such reserves are reversed. The Bank’s management has stated that such general reserves have been taken as a result of the 
Bank’s prudential approach considering the circumstances that might arise from possible changes in the economy and market 
conditions, with (in particular) the large general reserves taken in 2022 being made in order to limit the impact of the 
anticipated reduction in inflation in 2023 after the recent period of significant interest income from CPI-linked securities.

--- Page 52 ---
33 
Absence of Governmental Support – The Group’s non-deposit obligations are not guaranteed by the Turkish or any other 
government and there might not be any governmental or other support in the event of illiquidity or insolvency 
The non-deposit obligations of the Group are not guaranteed or otherwise supported by the Turkish or any other 
government. While rating agencies and others have occasionally included in their analysis of certain banks a view that 
systemically important banks would likely be supported by the banks’ home governments in times of illiquidity and/or 
insolvency (examples of which sovereign support have been seen in other countries during the global financial crisis), this 
might not be the case for Türkiye in general or the Group in particular. Investors in the Notes should not place any reliance 
upon the possibility of the Group being supported by any governmental or other entity at any time, including by providing 
liquidity or helping to maintain the Group’s operations during periods of material market volatility. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF)” for information on the limited government-provided insurance 
for the Bank’s deposit obligations. 
Risks relating to the Group’s Relationship with the Bank’s Principal Shareholder BBVA – The Group intends to continue its 
dealings with the BBVA Group and other shareholders although these might give rise to apparent or actual conflicts of 
interest 
The Banking Law places limits on a Turkish bank’s exposure to related parties. The Group is within the limits of the 
Banking Law in terms of its exposure to its related parties (including BBVA and its affiliates (collectively, the “BBVA 
Group”)). With respect to the Bank, all credits with respect to, and services provided to, its related parties (including members 
of the BBVA Group) are made on an arm’s-length basis and all credit decisions with respect to its related parties are required 
to be approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Board (other members of the Group have similar requirements). 
From time to time the Group has purchased and sold assets (including equity participations and real estate) and services 
to/from BBVA Group companies and the Bank believes that the terms of such transactions have been at least as favourable 
as those the Group would have received from an unaffiliated party. Where applicable, the value estimations (to the extent that 
market prices were not available) were made by independent appraisers engaged by the Group’s management. Although the 
Group intends to continue to enter into transactions with related parties on terms similar to those that would be offered to an 
unaffiliated third party, such transactions create the potential for, or might result in, conflicting interests. See “Related Party 
Transactions.” 
The interests of the Bank’s shareholders (including BBVA) might not be consistent with the interests of investors in 
the Notes and the Bank’s shareholders might take (or cause the Bank to take) actions that might be harmful to investors in the 
Notes. 
Independent Directors – Independent directors constitute a minority of the Bank’s directors  
As a majority of the members of the Board are associated with BBVA, the opinions held by the Bank’s directors 
might be the same as the views of the Bank’s management and thus the Bank’s Board might not present an independent voice 
to balance against the views of the Bank’s management. See “Management.” 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
While the risks described above are important with respect to the Issuer’s ability to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes, there are additional risks that should be considered by investors in the Notes, including risks relating to the nature 
of the structure of the Notes and general risks relating to investments in the Notes (both of which are set out in the 
corresponding sub-category below). Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on 
investors in the Notes issued with the terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) are set out in 
this category of risk factors; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, or 
circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) but 
rather to investors generally speaking. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
The Notes present investors with certain risks that are applicable to investments in senior unsecured obligations 
issued by the Issuer. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in the 
Notes are set out in this section.

--- Page 53 ---
34 
Unsecured Obligations – The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank and will not be guaranteed 
The Bank’s obligations under the Notes will (subject to Condition 4) constitute unsecured obligations of the Bank 
and no other member of the Group has guaranteed, or will have any liability for, the Notes (and the BRSA Financial Statements 
of the Group incorporated into (and discussed in) this Base Prospectus should be understood accordingly as the Bank might 
not have the ability to access the assets of other members of the Group, including receiving dividends from such other 
members of the Group). The ability of the Bank to pay such obligations will depend upon, among other factors, its liquidity, 
overall financial strength and ability to generate asset flows, which might be affected by (inter alia) the circumstances 
described in these “Risk Factors.” 
Early Redemption – The Notes may be subject to early redemption in certain circumstances 
In accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances described below, have the right to redeem 
Notes prior to their maturity date. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of an investment in the 
Notes because, until the end of the period in which the Issuer may elect so to redeem such Notes, the market price of an 
investment in such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In addition, an 
investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the then-applicable 
interest rate (the “Interest Rate”) on the Notes being redeemed and might only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest 
rate (or through taking on a greater credit risk). Reinvestment risk should be an important element of an investor’s 
consideration in investing in the Notes. 
Taxation. Unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer will 
have the right to redeem all (but not some only) of a Series of Notes on any Payment Business Day (including in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement prior to their maturity date stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (for each Series, 
its “Maturity Date”), if: (a) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment 
becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently issued Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes (which will, for the avoidance of doubt, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: (i) 
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 and (ii) make any withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in 
excess of the applicable prevailing rates on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently issued 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, and (b) such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it. Upon such a redemption, investors in such Series of Notes might not be able to reinvest the 
amounts received at a rate that will provide an equivalent rate of return as their investment in the redeemed Notes 
and, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, the redemption might take place on any day during an Interest Period. 
See Condition 8.2. 
The withholding tax rate on interest payments on bonds (such as the Notes) issued outside of Türkiye by 
corporations that are tax residents of Türkiye varies depending upon the original maturity of such bonds as specified 
under the Council of Ministers’ Decrees No. 2009/14592, 2009/14593 and 2009/14594, each dated 12 January 2009, 
as amended by Decree No. 2010/1182 dated 20 December 2010, Decree No. 2011/1854 dated 26 April 2011 and 
Presidential Decree No. 842 dated 20 March 2019 (together, the “Tax Decrees”). Pursuant to the Tax Decrees, the 
withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of debt instruments issued abroad as follows: (a) 7% 
withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, (b) 3% withholding tax for debt 
instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three years and (c) 0% withholding tax for 
debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Issuer Call. If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, then the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement together (if applicable) with all interest accrued and 
unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. To the extent Notes have such an optional 
redemption feature, the Issuer can be expected to redeem such Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on such Notes. In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes, redemption might take place on any 
day during an Interest Period. See Condition 8.3.

--- Page 54 ---
35 
Effective Subordination – Claims of Noteholders under the Notes will be effectively subordinated to those of certain other 
creditors 
While Notes issued with the Conditions will rank pari passu with all of the Bank’s other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Bank’s secured indebtedness and 
securitisations, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain 
preferential obligations under Turkish law (including, without limitation, liabilities that are preferred by reason of reserve 
and/or liquidity requirements required by law to be maintained by the Bank with the Central Bank, claims of individual 
depositors with the Bank to the extent of any amount that such depositors are not fully able to recover from the SDIF, claims 
that the SDIF might have against the Bank and claims that the Central Bank might have against the Bank with respect to 
certain loans made by it to the Bank). In addition: (a) creditors of the Bank benefitting from collateral provided by the Bank 
will have preferential rights with respect to such collateral (e.g., creditors in a covered bond programme) and (b) creditors of 
a foreign branch of the Bank might have preferential rights with respect to the assets of such branch. Any such preferential 
claims might reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders on any dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Bank 
and might result in an investor in the Notes losing all or some of its investment. 
Change of Interest Basis – If a Series of Notes includes a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or vice versa, then this might affect the secondary market and the market price of an investment in such Notes 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis with respect to a Series of Notes, 
might affect the secondary market and the market price of investments in such Notes as the change of interest basis might 
result in a lower interest return for investors. Where Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such 
Notes might be less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on comparable securities tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time might be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate might be lower than then-prevailing rates on those Notes and might affect the market price 
of an investment in such Notes. 
Settlement Currency – In certain circumstances, investors might need to open a bank account in the Specified Currency of 
their Notes, payment might be made in a currency other than as elected by a Noteholder or the currency in which payment is 
made might affect the value of an investment in the Notes or such payment to the relevant Noteholder 
In the case of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC, unless “USD Payment Election” is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and an election to receive payments in U.S. 
dollars as provided in Condition 7.8 is made, holders of such Notes would need to have or open (and maintain) a Turkish 
Lira-denominated bank account, and no assurance can be given that Noteholders will be able to do so either inside or outside 
of Türkiye. For so long as such Notes are in global form, any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be 
unable to transfer Turkish Lira funds (whether from payments on, or the proceeds of any sale of, such Notes) from its account 
at a clearing system to which any such payment is made. 
Under Condition 7.8, if the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Bank in respect of Turkish Lira-
denominated Notes held other than through DTC after the relevant time on the Relevant Payment Date, then the Fiscal Agent 
will use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Fiscal Agent to 
purchase U.S. dollars with any Turkish Lira funds received, then the relevant payments in respect of such Notes will be made 
in Turkish Lira. As any currency election in respect of any payment to be made under such Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
for the purposes of Condition 7.8 is irrevocable: (a) its exercise might (at least temporarily) affect the liquidity of the 
applicable Notes, (b) a Noteholder would not be permitted to change its election notwithstanding changes in exchange rates 
or other market conditions and (c) if the Fiscal Agent cannot, for any reason, effect the conversion of the amount paid by the 
Issuer in Turkish Lira, then Noteholders will receive the relevant amount in Turkish Lira. 
For Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars that are held through DTC, if a Noteholder 
wishes to receive payment in such Specified Currency, then it would need to have or open and maintain a bank account in 
such Specified Currency. Any Noteholder who does not maintain such a bank account will be unable to receive payments on 
such Notes in the Specified Currency. Absent an affirmative election to receive such payments in the Specified Currency, the 
Exchange Agent will convert any such payment made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars and the holders 
of such Notes will receive payment in U.S. dollars through DTC’s normal procedures. See Condition 7.9.

--- Page 55 ---
36 
Noteholders will have no recourse to the Bank, any Agent or any other Person for any reduction in value to the holder 
of any relevant Notes or any payment made in respect of such Notes as a result of such payment being made in the Specified 
Currency or in accordance with any currency election made by that holder, including as a result of any foreign exchange rate 
spreads, conversion fees or commissions resulting from any exchange of such payment into any currency other than the 
Specified Currency. Such exchange, and any fees and commissions related thereto, or payment made in the Specified Currency 
might result in a Noteholder receiving an amount that is less than the amount that such Noteholder might have obtained had 
it received the payment in the Specified Currency and converted such payment in an alternative manner or if payment had 
been made in accordance with the relevant currency election. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira-equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency 
that is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the applicable laws of 
Türkiye. 
Benchmarks Uncertainty – The regulation, reform and/or replacement of “benchmarks” might adversely affect the value of 
investments in Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Certain interest rates and indices that are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective (for example, in the case of 
EURIBOR) while others are still to be implemented. Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, might increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Accordingly, the implementation of any 
benchmark-related reforms might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark and/or cause such benchmark to perform differently than in the past. 
In addition, a benchmark subject to a reform proposal might disappear entirely or result in other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequences might have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it: (a) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities (as defined in Article 3(1)(17) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation might have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark change(s) during the term of such Notes in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes might, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the applicable benchmark. 
European Money Markets Institute, as the registered benchmark administrator of EURIBOR, shifted in 2019 from a 
quote-based methodology of calculating EURIBOR to a hybrid methodology that is based upon contributions of individual 
panel banks that submit transaction-based data. In its publication of 15 February 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
recommended that, in respect of any events resulting in a cessation of EURIBOR or if EURIBOR for whatever reasons would 
no longer be representative of the underlying market it purports to measure, EURIBOR be replaced with the Euro Short-term 
Rate (referred to as “€STR”), which is a risk-free rate that has been published by the ECB since 2 October 2019. The euro 
risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations 
for fallback provisions in (inter alia) new euro-denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. These 
guiding principles indicate (inter alia) that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) might increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates (with the recommendation for the 
EURIBOR fallback rate for floating-rate notes to be based upon a backward-looking €STR rate, adjusted in relation to the 
term of the applicable securities and an applicable spread adjustment). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether and to what extent certain benchmarks will be supported going 
forward. This might cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, and might have other consequences 
that cannot be predicted, including: (a) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark, (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (c) leading to the disappearance

--- Page 56 ---
37 
of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations relating to benchmarks might have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any investment in Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Condition 6.7 provides for certain fallback arrangements (the “benchmark discontinuation provisions”) in the event 
that SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other 
relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility 
that the Interest Rate on the applicable Notes could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and, 
in either case, as adjusted by reference to an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as applicable. With 
respect to the benchmark rates for Notes (other than Notes that reference SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Condition 6.7(II) as being applicable), to the extent that the relevant benchmark is discontinued or no longer published or a 
Benchmark Event otherwise occurs with respect thereto, and no alternative, successor or replacement reference rate is 
identified or selected in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, then the Interest Rate on the applicable 
Notes will be determined by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 6.2(b); however, such provisions, being 
dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks, might not operate as intended depending upon market circumstances 
and the availability of interest rate information at the relevant time and might in certain circumstances result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based upon the rate that applied in the previous period when any relevant benchmark was available, 
in effect resulting in such Notes becoming fixed rate notes. Any of these alternative methods might result in interest payments 
that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on the applicable 
Notes if any relevant benchmark were available in their current form. Additionally, if any relevant benchmark rate is 
discontinued or no longer published, then there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under any related 
swap agreements would operate so as to ensure that the benchmark rate used to determine payments under any related swap 
agreements is the same as that used to determine interest payments under the applicable Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders is not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the applicable Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions where 
the Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions. Any such amendment made pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions might have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder or Couponholder, any such amendment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and 
the involvement of the Issuer and/or an Independent Advisor in accordance with the benchmark discontinuation provisions, 
the relevant benchmark discontinuation provisions might not operate as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of 
the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark might have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the applicable Notes. No assurance may be provided 
that relevant changes will not be made to SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, TLREF, ROBOR, PRIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, NIBOR, 
WIBOR, CNH HIBOR or any other relevant benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should 
consider these matters and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and 
investigations when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences might have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, 
value of and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the current uncertainty related to the discontinuation of benchmarks, the benchmark discontinuation provisions 
set out in Condition 6.7 and the Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark. 
SOFR – The use of SOFR as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
On 25 April 2019, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee announced its final recommendations for fallback 
provisions for floating rate notes that set their interest rates based upon the U.S. dollar London interbank offer rate (“USD 
LIBOR”), including the use of SOFR. As SOFR is a new benchmark with limited historical use in the international capital 
markets, its impact and development are uncertain. These uncertainties include the following:

--- Page 57 ---
38 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR and there is no 
guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. The composition and characteristics of SOFR are 
not the same as those of USD LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury “repo” financing rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, which means that SOFR is fundamentally different from USD LIBOR in at least two 
key manners. Firstly, SOFR is a secured rate while USD LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Secondly, SOFR is an 
overnight rate while USD LIBOR has represented interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can 
be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would have at any time, including (without 
limitation) as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in 
April 2018, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in comparable benchmark or other 
market rates (including USD LIBOR). 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, based 
upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication; 
in addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes. SOFR is published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”) and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing 
cash overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities. The FRBNY reports that SOFR includes all trades in the 
“Broad General Collateral Rate” plus bilateral U.S. Treasury “repo” transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-
payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary of The Depository 
Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is filtered by the FRBNY to remove a portion of the foregoing 
transactions considered to be “specials.” According to the FRBNY, “specials” are repos for specific-issue collateral 
that take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to 
accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The FRBNY reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party 
repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party 
repo market, as well as “General Collateral Finance Repo” transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo 
transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The FRBNY notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
The FRBNY currently publishes SOFR on each of its business days on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. The FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations, including that the FRBNY 
(or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the FRBNY based upon data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication. In addition, there can be no assurance that SOFR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-
linked securities. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, then such change might result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked securities, which might adversely affect the market price of an 
investment in such SOFR-linked securities. 
As noted above, the FRBNY started publishing SOFR in April 2018, and the SOFR Index began on 2 March 
2020, and, therefore, each has a very limited history. The FRBNY also publishes historical indicative SOFRs dating 
back to 2014, but the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based upon historical performance. Such 
historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely 
upon such historical indicative data or upon any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future 
performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates (including USD LIBOR) and SOFR over the term of 
any Series of SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes might bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical 
indicative data. In addition, the return on and value of SOFR-linked securities might fluctuate more than floating 
rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. Changes in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded 
SOFR and the SOFR Index and, therefore, the return on any related SOFR-linked Notes and the trading price of such 
Notes but it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that 
Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive.

--- Page 58 ---
39 
The calculation of interest might not accurately reflect an investor’s cost of funding. The interest payable 
on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as SOFR Index will be based upon Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR Index 
published by the FRBNY according to the specific formula described under Condition 6.2(b)(v), not the SOFR rate 
published on or in respect of a particular date during any Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates 
during such period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Period will not 
necessarily be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to 
determine the applicable interest rate. Furthermore, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest 
Period is negative, then its contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to 
Compounded SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period. 
Under Condition 6.7(II), if a particular replacement rate cannot be determined for Floating Rate Notes 
linked to SOFR for which the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify Condition 6.7(II) as being 
applicable, then the next-available replacement rate will apply. In addition, such Condition expressly authorises the 
Issuer to make certain adjustments to the replacement rate as are necessary to reflect the adoption of the replacement 
rate, substantially consistent with market practice, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. The 
application of these adjustments might result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on such 
Notes, which might adversely affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be 
difficult for investors in SOFR-linked Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be 
payable on such securities, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such securities without changes 
to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of such securities. This 
same lack of advanced notice of the amount of an interest payment would also apply upon an acceleration after an 
Event of Default. 
The SOFR Index Benchmark Replacement is uncertain and any replacement is likely to be a relatively new 
market index. If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as SOFR Index 
and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event for SOFR and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred before the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the applicable Benchmark on any date, then 
the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions 
described in Condition 6.7(II). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by 
reference to the applicable Benchmark but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant Notes 
by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), 
any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or 
elections that may be made under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Event for SOFR might 
adversely affect the return on, value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. Any Benchmark Replacement 
will likely be a relatively new market index and might itself be thereafter altered or discontinued. 
The SOFR Index might be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as SOFR Index might bear interest by reference to 
a rate other than Compounded SOFR, which might adversely affect the value of an investment in any such Notes. 
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based upon data received by it from sources other than the Issuer and 
the Issuer has no control over the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
of the SOFR Index. There can be no assurance, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR 
Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in any relevant Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, then that change might result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any relevant Notes and/or 
the value of and/or market for an investment in such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend 
the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest 
Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the FRBNY 
may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined.

--- Page 59 ---
40 
SONIA – The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), interest will be determined 
on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(iii)) by the Calculation Agent or, if the Calculation 
Method is specified as being “Compounded Index Rate,” by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index. Compounded Daily 
SONIA differs from the Sterling London interbank offer rate (“Sterling LIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas 
Sterling LIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and incorporating a credit risk-element based upon 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that Sterling LIBOR and SONIA might behave materially differently 
as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for debt instruments is developing, and is subject 
to change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative 
to Sterling LIBOR. For example, the SONIA Compounded Index has not been published until August 2020 and, accordingly, 
the Compounded Daily SONIA derived from the SONIA Compounded Index is not a rate commonly used in the market for 
calculating interest rates (including, pre-August 2020, floating rate notes that reference SONIA). In the context of backwards-
looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups (including ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, 
Refinitiv and FTSE Russell) have developed forward-looking “term” SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight 
Index Swap quotes provided in interdealer central limit order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a waterfall 
of alternative data). The adoption of SONIA has already seen component inputs into Sterling swap rates or other composite 
rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in Condition 6.2(b)(iii) as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-referenced Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
might be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which 
might adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and 
payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Interest Rate payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the eurobond market might differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
might impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of investments in Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based upon data from other 
sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA 
and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA 
Compounded Index is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent the SONIA Compounded 
Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(iii). Such alternative methods might result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such

--- Page 60 ---
41 
Notes if SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its current form. In 
addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA might have no established 
trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, might evolve 
over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked securities might be lower than those of later-
issued debt securities that are linked to SONIA. Similarly, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that 
are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in SONIA-linked Floating Rate Notes might 
be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor in SONIA-linked Notes 
might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such investor a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks 
associated with investment in Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
TLREF – The use of TLREF as a benchmark is subject to various uncertainties 
Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Tranche of Notes specifies that the interest rate for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to the Turkish Lira Overnight Reference Rate (“TLREF”), interest will be 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period by reference to the BIST TLREF Index and the relevant published 
TLREF Index thereon on the relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date. TLREF differs from the Turkish Lira Interbank 
Offer Rate (“TRLIBOR”) in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that TLREF is a backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas TRLIBOR has been expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
incorporating a credit risk-element based upon inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that TRLIBOR and 
TLREF might behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of TLREF as a reference rate for 
debt instruments is developing, and is subject to change, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing TLREF. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing TLREF should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to TLREF as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to TRLIBOR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of TLREF that differs significantly from that set 
out in Condition 6.2(b)(ix) as applicable to Notes referencing TLREF. In addition, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing TLREF that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous TRLIBOR-
referenced Notes issued by it. The continuing development of TLREF as an interest reference rate for the capital markets, as 
well as continued development of TLREF-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
might result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any TLREF-referenced 
Notes from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes that reference TLREF is only capable of being determined immediately or shortly 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It might be difficult for investors in Notes that reference TLREF to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors might be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which might adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing TLREF become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 11, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, then the Interest Rate payable 
for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of TLREF in the eurobond market might differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of TLREF in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors 
should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of TLREF across these markets might impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements that they might put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
investments in Notes referencing TLREF.

--- Page 61 ---
42 
As TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index are published by Borsa İstanbul, the Issuer has no control over their 
determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that TLREF and the BIST TLREF Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate 
Notes that reference TLREF. If the manner in which TLREF is calculated is changed, then that change might result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading prices of investments in such Notes. 
Furthermore, to the extent the BIST TLREF Index is no longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 6.2(b)(ix). Such 
alternative methods might result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payments that would have been made on such Notes if TLREF and/or the BIST TLREF Index had been provided by Borsa 
İstanbul in its current form. In addition, the use of such alternative methods might also result in a fixed Interest Rate being 
applied to the relevant Notes. 
Since the BIST TLREF Index is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF might 
have no established trading market when issued and an established trading market might never develop or might not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to TLREF, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, might evolve over time and, as a result, the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked securities might be 
lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to TLREF. Similarly, if TLREF does not prove to be widely 
used in debt securities that are similar or comparable to the Notes, then the market price of an investment in TLREF-linked 
Floating Rate Notes might be lower than that of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. An investor 
in TLREF-linked Notes might not be able to sell their investment in such Notes at all or at a price that will provide such 
investor a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and, thus, such investor might 
suffer from increased from increased pricing volatility and market risk with respect to its investment in such Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF entails significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it understands the nature of the terms of 
such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk and that it considers the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of its own circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisors about the risks 
associated with investment in Notes that reference TLREF and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
Sustainable Notes - The application of the net proceeds of Sustainable Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” might not 
meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Sustainable Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
relating to any specific Tranche of Sustainable Notes will provide that the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net 
proceeds) of such Notes will (or, as of the Issue Date, are intended to) (in accordance with the SDG Bond Framework) be 
used to finance (including refinance - that is, allocate to the funding of existing loans) certain Eligible Loans, for which the 
Issuer will exercise its judgment and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that satisfy the eligibility 
criteria in the SDG Bond Framework. The Issuer intends to engage a third-party auditor or other person to provide an 
independent assessment on the alignment of such allocation with the SDG Bond Framework’s criteria. A prospective investor 
in any Sustainable Notes should have regard to the information in “Use of Proceeds” and the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement regarding the use of the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of such Sustainable Notes and 
must determine for itself the relevance of such information (together with any other investigation that such investor deems 
necessary, including a review of the then-applicable SDG Bond Framework) for the purpose of such investor’s investment in 
such Sustainable Notes. In addition, the SDG Bond Framework can be amended by the Issuer from time to time. In particular, 
no assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer or any Agent that the use of such amount for any Eligible 
Loan(s) will satisfy, whether in whole or part, any present or future expectations of such investor or any of such investor’s 
requirements with respect to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor and/or its investments are required 
to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the proceeds of any Eligible Loans may be for specific assets and projects or 
to “pure play” companies, the proceeds of which loans could be used by such entity for its general corporate purposes. 
In addition, it should be noted that there is no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled project or as to what attributes are 
required for a particular project to be so considered, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change; however, the EU’s regulation 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to a phased 
implementation, provides some definition for such topics within the EU. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given 
(whether by the Issuer, an Arranger, a Dealer, the Agents or any other person) to any investor in a Sustainable Note that: (a) 
any project or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans will meet all or any of such investor’s expectations

--- Page 62 ---
43 
regarding any “green,” “social,” “sustainability” or similarly labelled performance objectives or investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or standards (including the EU Taxonomy) or any standards resulting from the proposal for a European green bond standard 
adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021, (b) any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans or (c) the SDG Bond 
Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that might or might not be made 
available in connection with the issuance of any Sustainable Notes, including (in particular) to the extent addressing whether 
any Eligible Loan fulfils any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification does not, nor shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any Arranger, 
any Dealer, any Agent or any other person to invest in any Sustainable Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors in Sustainable Notes must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification, the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Notes. The 
providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications might not be subject to any specific oversight or regulatory 
or other regime. 
In the event that any Sustainable Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green,” “environmental,” 
“social,” “sustainability” or other similarly labelled securities exchange or market (or segment thereof), whether or not 
regulated, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any Arranger, any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law (including with the EU Taxonomy or any standards resulting from the proposal for a 
European green bond standard adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 or by its own bylaws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates. In addition, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading might vary from 
one securities exchange or market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, any Arranger, 
any Dealer, any Agent or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any 
Sustainable Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
applicable Sustainable Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of any 
Sustainable Notes and obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in “Use of Proceeds” (including, as soon as reasonably practicable, to substitute an Eligible Loan for 
any loan or other project allocated to any Series of Sustainable Notes that ceases to comply with the applicable eligibility 
criteria), there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. In addition, there can be no assurance that any Eligible 
Loans allocated to a Series of Sustainable Notes will be completed within any specified period or at all or with respect to the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment, social goals, sustainability goals or similar) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event, Eligible Loans not being allocated to the Sustainable Notes or the Issuer’s not obtaining and/or 
publishing any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications will neither constitute an “Event of Default” under the 
relevant Sustainable Notes nor give rise to any other claim of an investor in such Sustainable Notes against the Issuer and 
have no connection to the terms of the Sustainable Notes, including any impact on pricing or redemption. The withdrawal of 
any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Sustainable Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any securities exchange or market, as aforesaid, might have a material adverse effect on the value of 
an investment in such Sustainable Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 63 ---
44 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”). An investment in Renminbi Notes involves particular 
risks, including: 
Renminbi Convertibility – Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the 
remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of the PRC 
(the “PRC Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite significant 
reduction in the control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services and other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current 
account items. Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as capital 
contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, 
or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account 
items are (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) being developed. 
Although Renminbi was, as of 1 October 2016, added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”), there is no assurance that the PRC 
Government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations 
in the PRC will not be promulgated that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside 
the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this might affect the overall availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi Availability – There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which might affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong 
may offer limited Renminbi-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and specified 
business customers. While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the “Settlement 
Agreements”) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB Clearing Banks”) and these 
RMB Clearing Banks have been authorised to engage in the settlement of Renminbi-denominated trade transactions, the size 
of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. In addition, Renminbi business 
participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has 
access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of settling open positions of participating banks for limited 
types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border 
trade transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to settle for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. Where onshore liquidity support from the PBoC is 
not available, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to settle such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will 
not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC might affect the liquidity of 
investments in the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, where 
“RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in the event 
access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or 
RMB Illiquidity (each as defined in Condition 7.11), the Issuer is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi 
Note in Renminbi, the terms of such Renminbi Notes will permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars converted at the

--- Page 64 ---
45 
Spot Rate, all as provided in Condition 7.11. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms might vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the market. 
Renminbi Exchange Rate Risks – An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. On 
11 December 2015, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (the “CFETS”), a sub-institutional organisation of the PBoC, 
published the CFETS Renminbi exchange rate index for the first time, which index weighs the Renminbi based upon 
13 currencies, to guide the market in order to measure the Renminbi exchange rate. This change, and others that might be 
implemented, might increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments of interest and 
principal with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and a RMB Currency Event occurs, in which case payment 
will be made in U.S. dollars converted at the Spot Rate. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or 
other foreign currency terms might vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, then the value of any investment in Renminbi Notes 
in terms of the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline. 
Renminbi Interest Rate Risk – An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation 
might increase interest rate volatility. If a Series of Renminbi Notes carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of an 
investment in such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes 
tries to sell such investment, then they might receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Renminbi Payment Mechanics – Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made to investors in the manner specified in 
the Conditions 
Investors might be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) 
in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement. All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (a) for so 
long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by Global Notes held with a common depositary (a “Common Depositary”) or 
common safekeeper (a “Common Safekeeper”), as the case may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg” and, with Euroclear and DTC, the “Clearing Systems”) or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or the rules and procedures of 
such alternative clearing system, or (b) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong or such other RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as described in Condition 7.11, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means 
(including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Tax Consequences – There might be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisors with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws 
of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the Renminbi Notes might be materially and 
adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving 
payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks Relating to Investments in the Notes Generally 
In addition to the structure-specific risks noted above, investors in the Notes will be subject to additional risks relating 
to investing in the Notes. Such risks that the Issuer’s management has identified as having a material impact on investors in 
the Notes are set out in this sub-category; it being understood that the following does not address any specific conditions of, 
or circumstances relating to, any particular investor (including such investor’s own tax, regulatory or other circumstances) 
but rather to investors generally speaking.

--- Page 65 ---
46 
No Secondary Market – An active secondary market in respect of the Notes might never be established or might be illiquid 
and this might adversely affect the price at which an investor could sell its investment in the Notes 
The Notes generally will have no established trading market when issued and (even for any Notes that are admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market) one might never develop or, if developed, it might not be sustained. 
If a market does develop, then it might not be very liquid and investments in the Notes might trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
Bank’s financial condition. Therefore, investors might not be able to sell their investments in the Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. If an active trading market for investments in the Notes is not developed or maintained, then the market or trading 
price and liquidity of investments in the Notes might be adversely affected.  
Market Price Volatility – The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to a significant degree of volatility 
The market price of an investment in the Notes might be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or 
anticipated variations in market interest rates, the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s operating results, adverse business 
developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities 
analysts and/or the actual or expected sale by the Group of other debt securities, as well as other factors, including the trading 
market for debt issued by Turkish governmental entities. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have 
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that, if repeated in the future, might adversely affect the market price 
of an investment in the Notes without regard to the Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations. For example: (a) 
investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the interest rate paid 
on such Fixed Rate Notes, then this will adversely affect the market price of an investment in such Fixed Rate Notes, and (b) 
investment in any Notes involves the risk of adverse changes in the market price of an investment in such Notes if the interest 
rate or (for Floating Rate Notes) margin of new similar debt instruments of the Issuer would be higher. 
Consent for Modifications – The Conditions contain provisions that permit their modification without the consent of all of the 
investors in the applicable Series 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and for Extraordinary Resolutions to be passed in writing or by way of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
investors in the Notes in a Series holding defined percentages of the Notes of such Series to bind all investors in the Notes of 
such Series, including investors that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not sign such a written resolution 
or provide such electronic consent, as applicable) and investors that voted in a manner contrary to the decision of the deciding 
group. These matters might include (inter alia) even: (a) modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series or any date for 
the payment of interest thereon, (b) reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the amount of interest payable in respect 
of the applicable Series, (c) altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series or (d) approving any scheme or proposal 
for the exchange or substitution of Notes for, or the conversion of Notes into, or the cancellation of Notes in consideration of, 
shares, bonds and/or other securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed. As a result, binding decisions 
might be taken by the holders of such defined percentages of the Notes of a Series that are contrary to the preferences of any 
particular investor in such Series. 
In addition, the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders is not required in the case of 
amendments to the Conditions pursuant to the benchmark discontinuation provisions described above under “-Benchmarks 
Uncertainty” to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Notes or for any other variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made 
in the circumstances described in the benchmark discontinuation provisions. 
Further Issues – The Issuer may issue further Notes of any Series, which would dilute the existing Noteholders’ share of the 
Notes of such Series 
As permitted by the Conditions, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders of a Series, 
create and issue further Notes of such Series; provided that (among other conditions) such further Notes will be fungible with 
the outstanding Notes of such Series for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified 
reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered 
and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than

--- Page 66 ---
47 
U.S. persons. To the extent that the Issuer issues further Notes of a Series, the share of an existing Noteholder of such Series 
(e.g., in respect of any meeting of holders of the Notes of that Series (see “-Consent for Modifications”)) will be diluted. 
Transfer Restrictions – Transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions and investments in Global 
Notes can only be held through a Clearing System 
Although the CMB has granted the CMB Approval authorising the issuance of a maximum principal amount of 
Notes (and other securities) pursuant to Decree 32, the Capital Markets Law, the Debt Instruments Communiqué and other 
related laws as debt securities to be offered outside of Türkiye, the Notes have not been and are not expected to be registered: 
(a) under the Securities Act or any applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s securities laws or (b) other than by the Central 
Bank of Ireland as described herein, with the SEC or any other applicable state’s or other jurisdiction’s regulatory authorities. 
The offering of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) will be made pursuant to exemptions from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with other securities laws. Accordingly, reoffers, resales, pledges and 
other transfers of investments in the Notes will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. Each investor is advised to consult 
its legal advisors in connection with any such reoffer, resale, pledge or other transfer. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Because transfers of interests in the Global Notes can be effected only through book entries at the applicable Clearing 
System(s) for the accounts of their respective direct participants, the liquidity of any secondary market for investments in the 
Global Notes might be reduced to the extent that some investors are unwilling or unable to invest in Notes held in book-entry 
form in the name of a direct participant in the applicable Clearing System. The ability to pledge interests in the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) might be limited due to the lack of a physical certificate. In the event of the insolvency of a 
Clearing System or any of their respective participants in whose name interests in the Notes are recorded (or any indirect 
participants), the ability of beneficial owners to obtain timely or ultimate payment of principal and interest on the Notes might 
be impaired. 
Enforcement of Judgments – It might not be possible for investors to enforce foreign judgments against the Bank or its 
management 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). 
Certain of the directors and officers of the Bank reside inside Türkiye and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such 
persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might not be possible 
for investors in the Notes to effect service of process upon such persons outside Türkiye or to enforce against them in the 
courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws of such 
other jurisdictions. 
In addition, under Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), a judgment of a court 
established in a country other than Türkiye might not be enforced in Turkish courts in certain circumstances. There is no 
treaty between the UK and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments; however, Turkish courts have rendered 
at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between the UK and Türkiye with respect to the enforcement of 
judgments of their respective courts. Nevertheless, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-
case basis, there is uncertainty as to the enforceability of court judgments obtained in the UK by Turkish courts. The same 
might apply for judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. For further information, see “Enforcement of Judgments and 
Service of Process.” 
Change in Law – The value or market price of an investment in the Notes might be adversely affected by a change in the laws 
of England or Türkiye or in administrative practice in those jurisdictions 
The Conditions are based upon the laws of England and Türkiye and administrative practice in effect as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such laws and practice. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England or Türkiye (or 
the laws of any other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation that might occur without a change in the primary 
legislation) or administrative practice in England or Türkiye after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be 
given as to whether any such change might materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the 
Notes or the value or market price of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
48 
Definitive Notes might need to be Issued – Investors who hold interests in Global Notes in denominations that are not a 
Specified Denomination might be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Global Notes or Registered Global Notes (each a “Global Note”) and having 
denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (the “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that interests in such Global Notes might be traded in amounts in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a 
case, an investor who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount that is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in an account with the relevant Clearing System at the relevant time: (a) would not be able to sell the remainder 
of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination and (b) may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should Definitive Notes replace the applicable Global Note) and would need to purchase or sell a principal amount 
of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, then the holders thereof should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination might be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance upon Clearing Systems – Investors in Global Notes will be subject to the rules of the applicable Clearing System 
and their ability to exercise rights relating to the Notes directly might be limited 
Unless issued in definitive form, the Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Note(s) that will be: 
(a) deposited with and (if issued in registered form) registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or a 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) deposited with and registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the applicable Global Note and Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, investors in a Global Note will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of the Clearing 
Systems and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global 
Note held through it. While Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
therein only through the relevant Clearing Systems and their respective direct and indirect participants. 
Except in certain circumstances described in Condition 7.9 with respect to non-U.S. dollar payments for Global 
Notes for which DTC is the Clearing System, for so long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations thereunder by making payments through the relevant Clearing System(s). A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely upon the procedures of the relevant Clearing System and its participants to 
receive payments in respect of their interests in such Global Note. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be subject to the applicable procedures of the applicable Clearing 
System, its participants and any other intermediary and will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant Clearing 
System(s) and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies or to act directly. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests: (a) in 
a Global Note might have to prove their interests in order to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default 
under the relevant Notes and (b) in a Global Note for which DTC is the clearing system will be subject to the applicable 
procedures of DTC and might not have a direct right to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default 
under the relevant Note. 
Sanction Targets – Investors in the Notes might have indirect contact with Sanction Targets as a result of the Group’s 
investments in and business with countries or persons on sanctions lists 
The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) administers regulations that 
restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, certain countries, including Russia, 
Belarus, Iran and Syria, and specially designated nationals (“SDNs”), and other United States, UK, EU and United Nations 
rules impose similar restrictions (the SDNs and other targets of these restrictions being together the “Sanction Targets”). As 
the Bank is not a Sanction Target, these rules do not prohibit U.S. or European investors from investing in, or otherwise 
engaging in business with, the Bank; however, while the Group’s current policy is not to engage in any impermissible business 
with Sanction Targets (including with respect to the proceeds of the Notes), to the extent that the Group invests in, or otherwise 
engages in business with, Persons that thereafter become Sanction Targets, investors in the Notes might incur the risk of 
indirect contact with Sanction Targets. See “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing 
of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies” and “The Group and its Business – Compliance with Sanctions Laws.”

--- Page 68 ---
49 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls – If an investor has investments in Notes that are not denominated in the 
investor’s home currency, then such investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of 
such investor’s holding; in addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes might result in an investor 
not receiving payments on those Notes 
Except as described otherwise herein, the Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified 
Currency, which presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates might significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that the Turkish government and/or authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency might impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent value of the interest and principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market 
price of an investment in the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities might impose exchange controls that might adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate and/or the ability to convert and/or transfer currency. If this occurs, particularly if it directly affects the Bank’s 
payments on the Notes, then an investor in the Notes might receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal, and/or might receive payment in a currency other than the applicable Specified Currency. An investor might also 
not be able to convert (at a reasonable exchange rate or at all) amounts received in the applicable Specified Currency into the 
Investor’s Currency, which might materially adversely affect the market price of an investment in the Notes. There might also 
be tax consequences for investors of any such currency changes. 
Credit Ratings – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes might not reflect all risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes and might be lowered, suspended or withdrawn 
The expected initial credit rating(s) (if any) of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for such Tranche. Any relevant rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw its rating if, in its sole judgment, 
the credit quality of the applicable Notes has declined or is in question. If any credit rating assigned to a Series is lowered, 
suspended or withdrawn, then the market price of an investment in the applicable Notes might decline. Neither any rating 
agency nor the Issuer has any obligation to maintain any such rating(s) during the life of any Series, including from any 
particular Rating Agency. 
In addition to the ratings of the Programme and/or a Series of Notes provided by the Rating Agencies, and the ratings 
of the Issuer by the Rating Agencies and JCR Eurasia, one or more other independent credit rating agency(ies) might assign 
credit ratings to the Programme, a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer, which additional credit ratings of other independent credit 
rating agency(ies) might be lower than the current rating(s) of such Notes and/or the Issuer. Also, if any credit rating assigned 
to BBVA or Türkiye is lowered or put on negative watch, then such change might have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
credit rating. In addition, the ratings might not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and other factors that might affect the value or market price of an investment in the Notes. 
In general, regulated investors in the EU are restricted under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended). Similarly, in general, UK-regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restrictions also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, as the case may be, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK-registered credit rating agency, respectively, or the relevant non-EU or non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, respectively (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of a rating agency 
rating the Notes changes, then regulated investors in the EU and/or UK might no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes and the Notes might have a different regulatory treatment, which might result in such investors selling their 
investment in the Notes, which might impact the value of the Notes and/or any secondary market in the Notes. The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA, as the case may be, on its website in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being 
included in such list as there might be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and publication of an updated ESMA or FCA list.

--- Page 69 ---
50 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and might be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the applicable rating agency at any time. Similar ratings on different types of securities do not necessarily mean the same 
thing. Ratings on any Notes also do not address the marketability of investments in such Notes or any market price. Any 
change in the credit rating(s) of any Notes or the Issuer might adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be 
willing to pay for investments in such Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed independently from any other 
rating.

--- Page 70 ---
51 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Bank will incur various expenses in connection with the issuance of each Tranche of the Notes, including (as 
applicable) underwriting fees, legal counsel fees, rating agency expenses and listing expenses. The net proceeds of each issue 
of Notes (the estimated amount of which net proceeds will, for each Series listed on a regulated market in the EEA, be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes; however, 
for any particular Series, the Bank may agree (and so specify in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for the Tranche(s) of 
such Series) with the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) that the proceeds of the issuance of the applicable Notes shall be used 
for one or more specific purpose(s), such as environmental development or sustainability. The use of proceeds, if any, 
provided in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche in a Series with more than one Tranche shall be the 
same. 
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
or “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Pricing Supplement are stated to be for “green,” “social” or 
“sustainability” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (“Green Bonds,” “Social Bonds” and “Sustainability 
Bonds,” respectively, and together the “Sustainable Notes”), the net proceeds (or an amount equal to the net proceeds) of each 
issue of Sustainable Notes will (or, as of the applicable Issue Date, will be intended to) be used as so described. For each 
Series of Sustainable Notes, such amount is expected to be applied by the Issuer on a portfolio basis in financing (including 
refinancing) Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and/or Eligible Sustainability Projects (each as defined below 
and further described in the “Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Bond Framework” published on BBVA’s website (as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/202212-BBVA-
Sustainable-Debt-Financing-Framework.pdf) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise updated from time to time, the “SDG 
Bond Framework”)) (together, the “Eligible Loans”), including the provision of new Eligible Loans and the refinancing of 
existing projects. Please note that this has no connection to the terms of any Sustainable Notes, including any impact on the 
pricing or redemption of such Sustainable Notes. The Issuer, as a member of the BBVA Group, adheres to the SDG Bond 
Framework (as if references to BBVA therein were to the Issuer), though with some modifications to integrate within the 
Turkish legal context and the Issuer’s own structure. References in the SDG Bond Framework to “proceeds” or “net proceeds” 
of bonds issued thereunder shall be understood to include also a reference to an amount equal to the net proceeds of such 
bonds. 
In the case of Green Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Eligible Green Projects; in the case of 
Social Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Eligible Social Projects; and in the case of Sustainability 
Bonds, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects; however, 
Eligible Loans do not include financings of: (a) any activity detailed in the “Control of Prohibited Activities and Clients” list 
in the Issuer’s “Environmental and Social Loan Policies” published on the Issuer’s website (as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, 
https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/environment-social-governance/detail/Environmental-and-
Social-Loan-Policies/853/3629/0) or (b) any activity described as being ineligible in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the 
SDG Bond Framework. 
It should be noted that the proceeds of any Eligible Loans may be for specific assets and projects or to “pure play” 
companies, the proceeds of which loans could be used by such entity for its general corporate purposes. If a loan or other 
project allocated to any Series of Sustainable Notes ceases to comply with the applicable eligibility criteria, then the Issuer 
intends to substitute it with an Eligible Loan as soon as reasonably practicable. 
Pending the allocation to Eligible Loans of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes, such 
amount is (as indicated in the SDG Bond Framework) intended to be allocated by the Issuer to its liquidity portfolio (i.e., in 
cash and/or in other short-term and liquid investments). 
Within 12 months of the Issue Date of each Tranche of Sustainable Notes and at least once a year until the relevant 
maturity date, the Issuer intends to publish (in English) on its website a report in accordance with the reporting indicators and 
processes that are outlined in the “Reporting” section of the SDG Bond Framework. Where confidentiality agreements limit 
the amount of detail that can be made available, the information is currently expected to be presented on an aggregated basis 
for project categories in the report by taking into account the recommendations in the “Handbook - Harmonized Framework 
for Impact Reporting (April 2020)” (which can be found as of the date of this Base Prospectus at 
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/Handbook-Harmonized-Framework-for-Impact-
Reporting-220520.pdf) for Green Bonds and “Working Towards a Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting for Social 
Bonds 
(June 
2020)” 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
as 
of 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/June-2020/Harmonized-Framework-for-Impact-

--- Page 71 ---
52 
Reporting-for-Social-BondsJune-2020-090620.pdf) for Social Bonds (with corresponding reporting for Sustainability 
Bonds). 
The Issuer intends to obtain an independent verification assessment for each Series of Sustainable Notes as described 
in the “External Review” section of the SDG Bond Framework. Additional reports might be published from time to time in 
case of material developments. 
“Eligible Green Projects” means projects falling within the “Green eligible categories” in the SDG Bond Framework. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, categories of such projects include projects for: (a) energy efficiency, (b) sustainable 
transport, (c) water, (d) waste management and (e) renewable energy. 
“Eligible Social Projects” means projects falling within the “Social eligible categories” in the SDG Bond Framework. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, categories of such projects include projects for: (a) healthcare, (b) education, (c) SME 
financing and microfinancing and (d) affordable housing. 
“Eligible Sustainability Projects” means projects the proceeds of which are to be used in the categories of projects 
that would qualify as Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects in accordance with the SDG Bond Framework. 
Neither the SDG Bond Framework nor any of the reports, verification assessments, opinions or contents of any of 
the websites referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section are, or shall be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor are incorporated 
into, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
53 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the following summary financial and other information have been extracted from the 
Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein without material adjustment. The information in this 
section should be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations” and the relevant BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) incorporated 
by reference herein. 
As noted in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information,” pursuant to the “Communiqué amending the 
Communiqué on the Turkish Accounting Standard 27 (TAS 27) Separate Financial Statements” published in the Official 
Gazette dated 9 April 2015 and numbered 29321, Turkish companies are provided the option of accounting for investments 
in subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates at cost in accordance with the provisions of TFRS 9 or by using the equity method 
defined in TAS 28. As of 28 February 2022, the Bank switched its accounting for investments in non-financial subsidiaries 
to using the equity method, replacing the previous approach of accounting for non-financial subsidiaries at cost (after 
deducting any impairment). Due to this and related changes to the Group’s accounting, the BRSA Financial Statements for 
2020 and 2021 were restated. See notes 3.28.1 and 3.29.1 in the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022. As a result, the financial information as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2021 in the BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and the year ended 31 December 2021 should be understood 
accordingly. 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Interest income...............................................................
39,393,261
60,192,823
132,800,968
22,093,201
36,740,099
Interest expense ............................................................. 
(14,000,693) 
(24,128,432) 
(44,708,341) 
(7,849,368) 
(18,073,043) 
Net interest income ..............................................
25,392,568 
36,064,391 
88,092,627 
14,243,833 
18,667,056 
Net fees and commissions income/expenses..................
6,587,665
9,194,510
18,146,320
3,206,043
6,608,235
Dividend income............................................................
22,178
27,996
94,753
14,049
11,999
Net trading income/losses(net).......................................
702,894
4,735,886
10,512,298
2,393,556
4,455,369
Other operating income.................................................. 
6,880,312 
12,078,152 
17,449,406 
5,038,228 
10,680,074 
Total operating profit ..........................................
39,585,617 
62,100,935 
134,295,404 
24,895,709 
40,422,733 
Expected credit losses(1).................................................
(18,159,994)
(28,450,165)
(29,741,042)
(8,280,631)
(10,375,626)
Other operating expenses ............................................... 
(11,886,838) 
(15,240,273) 
(27,566,610) 
(5,285,523) 
(11,983,529) 
Profit/(loss) before taxes ......................................
9,538,785 
18,410,497 
76,987,752 
11,329,555 
18,063,578 
Provision for taxes ......................................................... 
(2,823,433) 
(4,822,933) 
(18,477,446) 
(3,066,941) 
(2,611,021) 
Net profit/(loss) ..................................................... 
6,715,352 
13,587,564 
58,510,306 
8,262,614 
15,452,557 
Attributable to equityholders of the Bank......................
6,635,279
13,466,741
58,285,378
8,215,682
15,365,843
Attributable to minority interests ...................................
80,073
120,823
224,928
46,932
86,714
___________ 
(1) 
Including other provisions.

--- Page 73 ---
54 
Balance Sheet Data:
As of 31 December 
As of 31 March 
2020 
% 
2021 
% 
2022 
% 
2023 
% 
Assets: 
(TL thousands, except for percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents................................
94,253,040
17.4
216,797,764
25.5
271,499,741
20.8
323,317,898
22.0
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit/(loss) (FVTPL)(1)................................
8,382,731
1.5
7,839,033
0.9
5,771,459
0.4
6,601,144
0.4
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVOCI) ........
36,785,565
6.8
55,746,298
6.6
88,928,400
6.8
89,436,014
6.1
Derivative financial assets................................
4,614,552
0.9
17,790,069
2.1
11,035,218
0.8
12,503,064
0.8
Loans................................................................
350,233,129
64.7
492,589,718
57.9
761,104,244
58.4
826,530,016
56.2
Lease receivables..............................................
7,508,708
1.4
12,656,284
1.5
18,932,293
1.5
20,902,289
1.4
Factoring receivables........................................
2,926,569
0.5
4,216,600
0.5
9,542,402
0.7
11,121,701
0.8
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost ...................................................................
33,238,911
6.1
40,167,047
4.7
110,019,856
8.4
147,827,484
10.0
Expected credit losses.......................................
(21,136,046)
(3.9)
(29,499,327)
(3.5)
(40,552,805)
(3.1)
(41,780,671)
(2.8)
Assets held for sale and assets of discontinued 
operations(1)..................................................
931,753
0.2
585,948
0.1
780,418
0.1
831,858
0.1
Ownership investments (net)............................
601,007
0.0
1,164,524
0.1
2,280,962
0.2
2,750,319
0.2
Tangible assets.................................................
5,960,071
1.1
6,106,320
0.7
11,788,007
0.9
13,910,719
0.9
Intangible assets...............................................
614,398
0.1
963,650
0.1
1,263,022
0.1
1,372,268
0.1
Investment property .........................................
561,525
0.1
652,633
0.1
926,800
0.1
1,226,000
0.1
Current tax assets .............................................
88,983
0.0
30,727
0.0
9,604
0.0
86,008
0.0
Deferred tax assets ...........................................
3,640,403
0.7
4,443,291
0.5
7,105,391
0.5
12,479,541
0.8
Other assets ......................................................  
12,142,018 
2.2 
18,225,021 
2.1 
43,143,471 
3.3 
42,548,769 
2.9 
Total assets .............................................
541,347,317 
100.0 
850,475,600 
100.0 
1,303,578,483  
100.0 
1,471,664,421  
100.0 
Liabilities: 
Deposits ...........................................................
358,100,348
66.2
582,833,426
68.5
908,739,459
69.7
1,039,895,213
70.7
Funds borrowed................................................
26,620,183
4.9
43,626,729
5.1
45,856,723
3.5
46,486,018
3.2
Money markets funds.......................................
3,163,978
0.6
15,942,789
1.9
24,299,009
1.9
36,810,668
2.5
Securities issued (net).......................................
22,817,081
4.2
25,644,871
3.0
17,608,189
1.4
8,529,632
0.6
Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL ..........
16,137,939
3.0
24,183,368
2.8
32,020,818
2.5
30,963,251
2.1
Derivative financial liabilities ..........................
8,536,890
1.6
13,428,735
1.6
10,952,360
0.8
12,360,867
0.8
Lease payables .................................................
1,026,367
0.2
1,070,038
0.1
1,459,250
0.1
1,695,793
0.1
Provisions.........................................................
10,035,571
1.9
14,720,023
1.7
21,476,401
1.6
21,917,719
1.5
Current tax liability ..........................................
2,296,347
0.4
2,972,915
0.3
8,050,327
0.6
12,438,599
0.8
Deferred tax liability ........................................
48,863
0.0
55,096
0.0
197,828
0.0
70,583
0.0
Subordinated debts...........................................
6,598,969
1.2
10,911,505
1.3
15,245,929
1.2
16,133,047
1.1
Other liabilities.................................................
23,121,074 
4.3 
34,785,250 
4.1 
64,548,070 
5.0 
69,945,907 
4.8 
Total liabilities........................................
478,503,610
88.4
770,174,745
90.6
1,150,454,363
88.3
1,297,247,297
88.1
Shareholders’ equity..............................
62,843,07 
11.6 
80,300,855 
9.4 
153,124,120 
11.7 
174,417,124 
11.9 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ 
equity ......................................................  
541,347,317 
100.0 
850,475,600 
100.0 
1,303,578,483 
100.0 
1,471,664,421 
100.0 
___________ 
(1) As disclosed in Note 5.1.2.2 of the Group’s Annual Financial Statements dated as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, financial assets 
measured at fair value through profit/(loss) includes an impaired loan (later converted into equity) amounting to US$756,288,034 and 
US$769,872,381, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021 provided to one corporate borrower, the fair value of which was determined to be 
TL 4,500,540 thousand and TL 4,483,939 thousand, respectively, as of such dates. Such loan was written-off on 30 September 2022.

--- Page 74 ---
55 
CAPITALISATION OF THE GROUP 
The Group’s total shareholders’ equity as of 31 March 2023 was TL 174,417,124 thousand, a 13.9% increase from 
TL 153,124,120 thousand as of 31 December 2022, which itself was a 90.7% increase from TL 80,300,855 thousand as of 
31 December 2021, itself a further 27.8% increase from TL 62,843,707 thousand as of 31 December 2020. Shareholders’ 
equity principally changes as a result of the Group’s net profit/(loss) and changes in the amount of unrealised gains and losses 
on available-for-sale assets and financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (which changes 
are not included in profit/(loss)). The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s shareholders’ equity as of the 
indicated dates and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein) 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations.” 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
2020
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in capital...............................................................
4,200,000
4,200,000
4,200,000
4,200,000
Capital reserves ............................................................
784,434
784,434
784,434
784,434
Other comprehensive income/expense items not to be 
recycled to profit or loss........................................
1,712,571
1,852,255
4,561,421
9,484,838
Other comprehensive income/expense items to be 
recycled to profit or loss........................................
2,980,346
7,191,703
19,914,049
20,910,687
Profit reserves...............................................................
45,869,743
51,937,355
63,782,784
63,801,630
Profit/(loss)...................................................................
7,048,934
14,015,592
59,396,697
74,762,540
Minority interest...........................................................
247,679 
319,516 
484,735 
472,995 
Total shareholders’ equity ....................................  
62,843,707 
80,300,855 
153,124,120 
174,417,124 
For additional information on the Group’s shareholders’ equity, see note 5.2.14 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial 
Statements. 
The following table summarises the components of the Group’s total capitalisation using the shareholders’ equity 
figures set forth above: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Total shareholders’ equity .................
62,409,195
80,300,855
153,124,120
174,417,124
Subordinated debt..............................
6,598,969
10,911,505
15,068,843
15,716,353
Total Capitalisation .................  
69,008,164 
91,212,360 
168,192,963 
190,133,477

--- Page 75 ---
56 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Group 
covers the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the first three months of 2022 and 2023. Unless otherwise 
specified, the financial information presented in this discussion has been extracted from the BRSA Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference herein without material adjustment. This section should be read in conjunction with such BRSA 
Financial Statements and (including the notes therein) the other financial information included in (including incorporated by 
reference into) this Base Prospectus (including the section entitled “Presentation of Financial and Other Information”). The 
BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles 
except for the general reserves recognised by the Group as described in “Presentation of Financial and Other Information.” 
For a discussion of current significant differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles, see Appendix A (“Overview of 
Differences between IFRS and the BRSA Principles”). 
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
includes “forward-looking statements.” Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See 
the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations depend significantly upon the macroeconomic, political 
and regulatory conditions prevailing in Türkiye and prospective investors should consider the factors set forth under “Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to Türkiye” and “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business.” 
The discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Group in this Base Prospectus 
are based upon the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein. The Group prefers to present its financial 
condition and performance on the basis of the BRSA Financial Statements as the Group has historically presented its financial 
statements to investors and potential investors using the BRSA Principles and uses such financials for regulatory requirements, 
and thus the Bank’s management believes that providing BRSA financial data in this Base Prospectus will provide for a 
consistent presentation of the Group’s financial performance. 
Unconsolidated Compared to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The operations of the Bank are undertaken both by the Bank directly and through its consolidated entities; however: 
(a) the Bank is the issuer of the Notes, (b) it is only the Bank that has any payment or other obligations in respect of the Notes 
and (c) no other member of the Group nor any other entity will have any responsibility for the Bank meeting its obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Bank produces audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual BRSA Financial Statements and, for each of the 
first three fiscal quarters of a fiscal year, unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly BRSA Financial Statements. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements discussed in this section are principally the Group’s versions. As of 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, the Bank had total assets of TL 493.2 billion, TL 758.9 billion, TL 1,152.2 billion 
and TL 1,307.9 billion, respectively, as compared to total assets of the Group of TL 541.3 billion, TL 850.5 billion, TL 1,303.6 
billion and TL 1,471.7 billion, respectively, with unconsolidated total assets representing 91.1%, 89.2%, 88.4% and 88.9% 
of consolidated total assets, respectively. As of the same dates, the Bank had total liabilities of TL 430.7 billion, TL 678.9 
billion, TL 999.5 billion and TL 1,134.1 billion, respectively, as compared to total liabilities of the Group of TL 478.5 billion, 
TL 770.2 billion, TL 1,150.5 billion and TL 1,297.2 billion, respectively, with unconsolidated total liabilities representing 
90.0%, 88.1%, 86.9% and 87.4% of consolidated total liabilities, respectively. 
For 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Bank had current period profit/loss from continued operations of TL 6.6 billion, 
TL 13.6 billion and TL 58.5 billion, respectively (TL 8.2 billion and TL 15.7 billion, respectively, for the first three months 
of 2022 and 2023), as compared to current period profit/loss from continued operations of the Group of TL 6.7 billion, TL 13.6 
billion and TL 58.5 billion, respectively (TL 8.3 billion and TL 15.5 billion, respectively, for the first three months of 2022 
and 2023), with unconsolidated current period profit/loss from continued operations representing 97.8%, 100.1% and 100.0% 
of consolidated current period profit/loss from continued operations, respectively (99.4% and 101.8%, respectively, for the 
first three months of 2022 and 2023). 
For further information on the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Group, please see the 
BRSA Financial Statements of the Group incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 76 ---
57 
Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects depend significantly upon the macroeconomic, 
political and regulatory conditions prevailing in Türkiye as well as other factors. The impact of these factors might vary 
significantly in the future and many of these factors are outside the control of the Group. Prospective investors should (among 
other things) consider the factors set forth under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk 
Factors.” The following describes the most significant of such factors since the beginning of 2020. 
Turkish Economy and Political Developments 
The Group’s operations are primarily in Türkiye (or related to Turkish activities) and almost all of its operating 
income and net income are derived from its Turkish operations (including Turkish-related business for the Group’s operations 
abroad). Accordingly, its results of operations and financial condition are and will continue to be significantly affected by 
Turkish political, regulatory and macroeconomic factors, including factors such as currency fluctuations, the Central Bank’s 
monetary and regulatory policies, economic growth rates, inflation and fluctuations in interest rates in Türkiye. For additional 
information on political developments in Türkiye, see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Political 
Conditions - Political Developments.” 
The following table provides certain macroeconomic indicators for Türkiye, including real GDP growth, inflation 
rates and the Central Bank’s overnight Turkish Lira policy rate for the indicated periods: 
As of or for the year ended 
31 December 
As of or for the 
three months 
ended 31 March 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Nominal GDP at current prices (TL millions) ..............................................
5,048,220
7,248,789
15,006,574
4,631,792
Real GDP growth in Turkish Lira ................................................................
1.9%
11.4%
5.6%
4.0%
(Deficit)/surplus of consolidated budget/GDP(1) ..........................................
(3.4)%
(2.7)%
(0.9)%
(2.6)%
CPI(2) ............................................................................................................
14.6%
36.1%
64.3%
50.5%
Producer Price Inflation(2) ............................................................................
25.1%
79.9%
97.7%
62.5%
Central Bank overnight Turkish Lira borrowing interest rate, period-end ...
15.50%
12.50%
7.5%
6.5%
Central Bank one week Turkish Lira repo rate/policy rate, period-end(3).....
17.00%
14.00%
9.0%
8.5%
Refinancing rate of the Central Bank, period-end........................................
18.50%
15.50%
10.5%
10.0%
Central Bank late liquidity window lending interest rate, period-end ..........
21.50%
18.50%
13.50%
12.50%
Central Bank weighted average cost of funding, period-end........................
17.00%
14.00%
9.0%
8.5%
Depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar(4)...........................
(19.89)%
(44.37)%
(28.71)%
(2.43)%
CPI-based real effective exchange rate appreciation (depreciation) 
(2003=100)...................................................................................................
(18.4)%
(23.0)%
(15.2)%
(8.5)%
Gross gold and international currency reserves, period-end (U.S. dollars, 
millions).......................................................................................................
94,628
111,051
128,574
122,422
 
 
 
 
Sources: TurkStat (for nominal GDP at current prices, real GDP growth and inflation), Turkish Treasury, General Directorate of Public Accounts (for 
deficit/surplus of consolidated budget) and Central Bank (for reference overnight borrowing interest rate, refinancing rate, nominal appreciation 
(depreciation) of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar, real effective exchange rate and total gross gold and international currency reserves). 
(1) This figure is the sum of the budget deficit as of each month-end date for the 12-month period over the sum of the GDP amounts as of each quarter-end 
date for the four consecutive quarters ended on the last day of the applicable period. 
(2) Annual percentage change of the applicable index. 
(3) The Central Bank announces the weekly repo lending rate as the reference rate. 
(4) Based upon the Turkish Lira indicative exchange rate for purchases of U.S. dollars announced by the Central Bank effective as of the last day of the 
period. 
Since the beginning of 2020, economic conditions across emerging markets, including Türkiye, have been volatile 
as a result of several factors, including expectations regarding slower growth in China, the trade dispute between the U.S. and 
China, the expectation of (and actual) policy rate changes by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, inflationary pressures starting in 2021 and then, 
in 2022, policy rate increases (and the expectation of further rate increases) and other tightening by the U.S. Federal Reserve 
and other central banks and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. See “-Global Economic Conditions” below. In addition, there 
has been considerable uncertainty regarding Türkiye’s political and geopolitical conditions resulting from a variety of factors 
(see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Political Conditions - Political Developments” and “Risk Factors - Risks 
Relating to Türkiye - Political Conditions - Terrorism and Conflicts”), including changes in the governance and/or policies 
of the Central Bank.

--- Page 77 ---
58 
Partially as a result of these factors, GDP growth in Türkiye has been volatile since the beginning of 2020, which 
has impacted the Group’s growth and increased non-performing loans. In the first three months of 2020, GDP increased by 
4.5% compared to the same period of the previous year; however, GDP sharply decreased by 10.3% in the second quarter of 
the year driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. GDP then returned to growth in the third and fourth quarters of 
2020, increasing by 6.3% and 5.9% compared to the same periods of the previous year, which growth was supported by an 
increase in investments and household consumption. As a result, including due to the continuing impact of COVID-19 both 
on Türkiye and globally, overall GDP growth for 2020 was only 1.8%. In 2021, growth increased to 11.4%, principally driven 
by an increase in household consumption and strong contributions from the services and information and technology sectors. 
In 2022, GDP grew by 5.6%, which growth was primarily supported by private consumption, a rise in imports and an increase 
in finance and insurance activities and information and communication activities. Growth in 2023 is expected by the Bank’s 
management to be in line with the government’s Medium Term Programme, including the expectation of a slowdown in the 
second half of 2023; however, the level of recovery remains dependent upon global macroeconomic and geopolitical 
conditions and the successful implementation of Türkiye’s economic policies. 
It should be noted that though the Turkish Lira GDP results in nominal Turkish Lira terms are high, as the exchange 
rate of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar varies (in some years, significantly), these reported changes in GDP would 
have been different (in some years, significantly different) were they determined in U.S. dollar terms (e.g., in 2022, the 
Turkish Lira (using daily average exchange rates) depreciated by 28.71% against the U.S. dollar, which greatly exceeded the 
year’s nominal GDP increase, resulting in a significant decline in the Turkish GDP in U.S. dollar terms notwithstanding the 
significant increase in Turkish Lira terms). 
In 2020, the annual CPI inflation rate was 14.6% and domestic producer price inflation was 25.2%, reflecting 
primarily an increase in food, energy and commodity prices (including due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira). In 2021, 
the CPI inflation rate surged to 36.1%, reflecting primarily an increase in the prices of food, energy, consumer durables and 
transportation, which increases resulted from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, the impact of disruptions in supply chains, 
the rise in government-administered prices and the reopening of the Turkish economy from COVID-19-related restrictions. 
In 2022, the CPI inflation rate was 64.3% and the domestic producer price inflation rate was 97.7% (it should be noted that 
this is the official inflation rate whereas other analysts have published different rates, in some cases significantly higher than 
the official rate), again reflecting significant increases in the prices of food, energy and imported products. On 4 May 2023, 
the Central Bank published an inflation report indicating an inflation forecast of 22.3%, 8.8% and 5.0% at the end of 2023, 
2024 and 2025, respectively. 
Although the EU-defined Turkish government debt level decreased considerably since 2001 and reached its lowest 
level with 27.3% of GDP in 2015, it then increased to 31.7% in 2022, and (although this remains well below the Maastricht 
criteria), Türkiye remains an emerging market and remains susceptible to a higher degree of volatility than more developed 
markets due to a number of factors (see “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye”). 
Continuing high levels of unemployment might affect the Group’s customers, which might impair its business 
strategies and/or have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Impact on Asset Quality. NPLs are particularly sensitive to economic conditions and this remains a key area of focus 
for the Bank given its strong loan growth and macroeconomic conditions in Türkiye. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022 and 31 March 2023, the Group’s NPL ratio for its entire loan portfolio was 4.5%, 3.6%, 2.6% and 2.4%, respectively, 
with an NPL ratio for its retail loan portfolio of 2.5%, 2.3%, 1.9% and 1.9%, respectively, as of such dates and an NPL ratio 
for its commercial and corporate loan portfolio of 5.1%, 4.0%, 2.8% and 2.5%, respectively, as of such dates. During 2021, 
the change in the Group’s NPLs was principally due to Stage 2 loans being reclassified as NPLs in the last quarter of the year 
(and would have been higher absent the impact of NPL sales of TL 0.7 billion and write-downs of TL 3.5 billion during the 
year). In 2022, the change resulted primarily from strong collection performance and high levels of loan growth (and would 
have been higher absent the impact of NPL sales of TL 0.8 billion and write-downs of TL 7.6 million during the year). While 
there were no NPL sales during the first three months of 2023, the Group had TL 0.7 billion of write-downs during the period, 
accounting for a 0.10% decline in the NPL ratio (i.e., the NPL ratio would have been higher by such amount had such write-
offs not occurred). 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
implemented a temporary rule (which ceased to be of effect as of 31 December 2021) that revised guidelines on NPL 
recognition so that 180 days (instead of 90 days) non-payment would require classifying a loan as an NPL, which change had 
a significant impact on limiting the pace of new NPLs during this period (including the 31 December 2020 figures but not 
those from 31 December 2021 or thereafter). See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Expected Credit Losses.”

--- Page 78 ---
59 
In addition, a number of large corporate borrowers have restructured their loans due to financial pressures resulting 
from the economic volatility in Türkiye, including in particular foreign exchange conditions, and the Bank’s management 
anticipates that further such restructurings and even defaults might occur in corporate and SME loans as conditions remain 
challenging for borrowers, which might lead to further material NPL inflows. In addition, conditions remain challenging for 
a number of other large corporate borrowers, which might lead to further material NPL inflows. Although no such loan has 
become non-performing or delinquent as of 31 March 2023, in the event such a loan or other loans become non-performing, 
or there is a slowdown in economic conditions, this might have a material adverse effect on the asset quality of Turkish banks, 
including the Bank. 
As of 31 March 2023, restructured loans represented 42.1% of the total Stage 2 loans and had a 33.7% coverage 
ratio, which was higher than the 18.4% coverage ratio for all Stage 2 loans (thus including also such restructured loans) as of 
such date. 
Changes to Turkish Banking Policy and Regulations 
The Central Bank adjusts reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times to reduce or encourage certain 
actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity and changes to the holding of securities (primarily 
Turkish government securities). The adjustments in reserve requirement ratios have frequently been combined with changes 
in the Central Bank’s interest rate and liquidity management policies, which directly influence the Group’s deposit and lending 
rates and thereby impact margins and results of operations given the maturity mismatch between shorter term assets and 
longer term liabilities (see “Risk Management – General - Liquidity Risk Management”). The Central Bank has also used 
unconventional policy tools from time to time, including the foreign exchange-protected Turkish Lira deposit scheme and 
various measures aimed at limiting loan pricing in 2022 and 2023, which have impacted the financial condition and 
profitability of the Turkish banking sector. 
On 16 January 2020, the Central Bank decreased the policy rate by 75 basis points to 11.25% and then further 
reduced it on 19 February 2020 to 10.75%, on 17 March 2020 to 9.75%, on 22 April 2020 to 8.75% and on 21 May 2020 to 
8.25%. These decreases were followed on 24 September 2020 by an increase to 10.25%, on 19 November 2020 by an increase 
to 15.00%, on 24 December 2020 by an increase to 17.00% and a further increase to 19.00% in March 2021; however, the 
Central Bank then made a 100 basis point reduction to 18.00% in September 2021, a further 200 basis point reduction to 
16.00% in October 2021, an additional 100 basis point reduction to 15.00% in November 2021 and a further 100 basis point 
reduction to 14.00% in December 2021, all followed in 2022 with reductions to 13.00% on 18 August 2022, 12.00% on 
22 September 2022, 10.50% on 20 October 2022, 9.00% on 24 November 2022 and 8.50% on 23 February 2023, which might 
change demand for imports, adversely affect Türkiye’s economic growth, negatively impact the Turkish Lira’s exchange rate 
and/or result in downward pressure on the Group’s net interest margin. After the presidential elections in May 2023, the 
Central Bank increased the rate to 15.00%; however, such remains well below the level of inflation. As noted in “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic Conditions – Inflation,” there has been a de-linking of market interest rates 
in Türkiye from Central Bank policy rates in 2022, which has had various effects, including resulting in very positive returns 
on CPI-linked securities and increased profitability of Turkish banks in Turkish Lira terms. For more information on the 
Central Bank’s interest rates, see “Interest Rates and Central Bank Policy.” 
Laws also are imposed or amended from time to time to require Turkish banks to adhere to certain restrictions on 
their lending to consumers, including with respect to credit cards. These regulatory changes might inhibit the growth of both 
interest and fee income for the Group. For example of certain such requirements, see “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment - Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations.” 
Global Economic Conditions 
The Bank’s performance will continue to be influenced by conditions in the global economy. The outlook for the 
global economy (and particularly emerging markets) over the near to medium term remain challenging, which in turn might 
impact prospects for stabilisation and improvement of economic and financial conditions in Türkiye. A lack of improvement, 
or deterioration in these conditions, might have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
In 2020, the global economy worsened with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the global economy 
recovered in 2021, growth in 2022 was negatively impacted by the impact of the rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve 
and other central banks in response to elevated levels of inflation. For further information on macroeconomic risk factors, see 
“Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye.”

--- Page 79 ---
60 
On 3 March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve implemented a 50 basis point emergency cut to address the evolving 
risks on the global economy posed by the COVID-19 coronavirus, which was followed on 16 March 2020 with a further 
100 basis point reduction. As a result of rapid growth and supply disruptions as the impact of the pandemic was reduced, 
inflation accelerated throughout 2021 and 2022 and central banks and monetary policy turned towards tightening. For 
example, in November 2021, the U.S. Federal Reserve announced that it would reduce the monthly pace of its net asset 
purchases, and (in March 2022) increased its policy rate by 25 basis points and thereafter increased it various times. 
Early in 2020, the impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus on global markets increased risks to global growth and 
financial markets, with significant negative impacts on Türkiye, the United States, the EU and most other jurisdictions 
throughout 2020 and continuing into 2021 and 2022. The economic slowdown initiated by the pandemic led the ECB to 
maintain an accommodative stance for the eurozone economy, including maintaining the policy that has been in place since 
2011 of providing very accommodative interest rates; however, increases in inflationary pressures and growth resulted in the 
ECB reducing its emergency pandemic asset purchases, terminating them completely in March 2022, and increasing interest 
rates starting in July 2022. These and other key factors, such as geopolitical tensions, might have a material adverse impact 
on international financial markets and economic conditions and, in turn, the market’s anticipation of these impacts might have 
a material adverse effect on the Turkish economy and the Bank’s business, financial conditions and/or liquidity. In particular, 
these factors might disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term and short-term fixed income markets, foreign 
exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets and adversely affect the cost and availability of funding. 
Loan Growth 
As of 31 December 2021, Turkish Lira-denominated loans were 27.9% higher than as of 31 December 2020, 
reflecting strong growth across many products, including a 31.4% increase in consumer loans (excluding credit card loans), 
an 19.5% increase in business banking loans and a 48.8% increase in credit card loans. The Bank gained market share among 
the non-governmental banks in Turkish Lira-denominated general purpose loans to consumers and credit card loans. In 2022, 
growth in Turkish Lira-denominated performing loans reached 79.9%, in large part reflecting the significant inflationary 
environment since, as interest rates were below the inflation rate and economic activity remained strong, there was demand 
from both incorporated and retail customers. As of 31 December 2022, consumer loans (excluding credit card loans) increased 
by 41.9%, Turkish Lira-denominated business banking loans increased by 87.4% and credit card loans grew by 127.0%. The 
Bank gained market share among commercial banks in Turkish Lira-denominated loans, credit card loans, Turkish Lira-
denominated business banking loans, SME loans and general purpose loans to consumers. 
Growth in Turkish Lira-denominated loans in the last quarter of 2022, which also carried over into the first quarter 
of 2023, was significantly impacted by the regulatory environment, including the Central Bank’s Liraisation strategy. In the 
first quarter of 2023, the growth in Turkish Lira-denominated performing loans was 10.0%, which was slightly below the 
sector average, primarily due to a decline in Turkish Lira-denominated commercial loans. This decline in such commercial 
loans was in part due to the Bank’s conservative lending response to a regulatory price cap on Turkish Lira-denominated 
commercial loans, which resulted in redemptions being higher than new originations. On the other hand, growth remained 
strong in credit card loans and consumer loans, which increased by 28% and 16%, respectively, as of 31 March 2023. 
With respect to foreign currency-denominated loans, these declined by 6.6% in 2021, declining again by 9.8% in 
2022 due to redemptions and low demand; however, in the first quarter of 2023, foreign currency-denominated loans increased 
by 7.1% due largely to attractive spreads on export loans. 
As of 31 March 2023, total loans represented 56.2% of the Group’s assets. 
In December 2016, the Turkish government announced the KGF programme, which aimed to boost economic 
growth, support high potential companies that have difficulty accessing funding due to collateralisation constraints and help 
Turkish banks to grow by allowing 0% risk weight to be applied to the guaranteed portion of these loans. This programme 
has contributed significantly to the growth in Turkish lira-denominated loans, including in each of 2021 and 2022. See “Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Credit Risks – Counterparty Credit Risk” for additional information 
about the KGF programme. 
Currency Exchange Rates 
A significant portion of the Group’s assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, particularly U.S. 
dollars and euro. The share of Turkish Lira-denominated assets and liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet changed from 54.1% 
and 38.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 to 48.8% and 31.5%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021, 55.5% and 
44.3%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 59.1% and 50.6%, respectively, as of 31 March 2023. The increases in 2022

--- Page 80 ---
61 
and the first quarter of 2023 in large part reflect the Central Bank’s Lirasiation strategy, by which the Central Bank 
implemented rules to encourage Turkish borrowers and lenders to use Turkish Lira-denominated loans. 
While the Group monitors its net open position in foreign currencies (i.e., the amount by which its foreign currency-
denominated assets differ from its foreign currency-denominated liabilities) and each of the Bank and the Group is required 
to comply with foreign currency net open position limits promulgated by the BRSA, each of the Bank and the Group has 
maintained (and likely will continue to maintain) gaps between the balances of its foreign currency assets and liabilities. A 
bank’s limit imposed by the BRSA is defined as an amount plus/minus 20% of the total capital used in the calculation of such 
bank’s regulatory capital adequacy ratios. The Group’s and the Bank’s foreign currency net long open position ratios were 
18.4% and 17.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020,18.2% and 16.7%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021, 5.7% and 
4.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 2.4% and 1.7%, respectively, as of 31 March 2023. 
The Group had a net long open foreign currency position (including both on and off balance sheet positions) of 
US$1,804 million as of 31 December 2020, US$1,318 million as of 31 December 2021, US$532 million as of 31 December 
2022 and US$237 million as of 31 March 2023. The change in the Group’s net long foreign currency position in 2021 from 
2020 was primarily due to relatively higher increases in foreign currency deposits, securities issued and short off-balance 
sheet position due to derivative transactions. In 2022 and the first three months of 2023, derivative transactions were the 
primary factor in the continuing large net open foreign currency positions, with the Group hedging its balance sheet against 
the possibility of the continued depreciation of the Turkish Lira. The Group utilises swaps opportunistically to manage its 
funding cost, including (in times of excess foreign currency liquidity) utilising swaps when market conditions are attractive 
to create additional Turkish Lira liquidity instead of further competing for Turkish Lira deposits. 
The following table provides the Group’s net open position in different currencies as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(millions)
U.S. dollars..............................................................
$757
$215
$(87)
$(359)
Euro(1) ......................................................................
€557
€616
€226
€210
Other currencies(2)....................................................
$365
$404
$377
$368
Total net foreign currency position(1)(2)(3) .....
$1,804 
$1,318 
$532 
$237 
  
 
 
(1) For the convenience of the reader, the total amounts of euro have first been converted into Turkish Lira by using the rates announced 
by the Bank as of the last day of the applicable period and were then converted into U.S. dollars based upon the TL/$ exchange rate as 
of such dates. 
(2) For the convenience of the reader, the total amounts of other currencies have first been converted into Turkish Lira by using the rates 
announced by the Bank as of the last day of the applicable period and were then converted into U.S. dollars based upon the 
TL/$ exchange rate as of such dates. 
(3) The positions indicated are net of the effects of hedging transactions and other off-balance sheet positions. 
The Group translates its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on 
such assets and liabilities, and gains or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, into Turkish Lira in preparing its financial 
statements at the foreign exchange rate as of the balance sheet date. As a result, the Group’s reported income is affected by 
changes in the value of the Turkish Lira with respect to foreign currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on 
the Group’s results of operations depends upon the successful implementation of the Group’s hedging strategies as well as 
upon the rate of depreciation or appreciation of the Turkish Lira against its principal trading and financing currencies, 
particularly if such depreciation or appreciation is of a larger scale than anticipated. The Group generally seeks to be fully 
hedged in terms of foreign exchange exposures; however, depending upon market conditions, it may prefer to carry certain 
open positions through spot or derivative foreign exchange transactions. In such cases, exposures are managed with hedges 
subject to the limits set by the management of the Bank and its subsidiaries and applicable BRSA legal limits. Recent 
regulatory changes for foreign currency transactions have aimed to preserve financial stability (e.g., limiting the utilisation of 
foreign currency-denominated loans to exporters who have a natural foreign currency hedge and restricting the types of 
business contracts that can be executed in foreign currencies); however, the impact of these changes on the Group has been 
limited. 
Currency volatility has been managed by the Group’s reasonably balanced foreign currency position and hedging 
strategy. The Group had (after considering the Group’s hedging strategy and other off-balance sheet positions) net foreign 
exchange and derivatives losses of TL 128,562 thousand in 2020, losses of TL 1,673,933 thousand in 2021, losses of 
TL 8,701,043 thousand in 2022 and gains of TL 3,618,900 thousand in the first three months of 2023, which results were 
principally derived from swaps. See also “Operating Income - Other Operating Income” and “Other Operating Expenses” in

--- Page 81 ---
62 
“Analysis of Results of Operations for the three months ended 31 March 2022 and 2023 and the years ended 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022.” 
Exchange rate movements can also have an effect on the Turkish Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign 
currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the 
Turkish Lira appreciates, then assets in foreign currencies translate into fewer Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital 
adequacy ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the Turkish Lira depreciates, then 
assets in foreign currency translate into more Turkish Lira in the calculations of capital adequacy ratios and thus reduce the 
capital adequacy ratios). As a result of the 23.6% depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar in 2020, the Turkish 
Lira-equivalent value of the Group’s foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities and capital increased significantly in 
2020, with a similar experience in 2021, 2022 and the first three months of 2023 as a result of the 77.4%, 42.0% and 2.80%, 
respectively, depreciation against the U.S. dollar. See “– Capital Adequacy” below and “Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic 
Conditions” and “Risks Relating to Türkiye - Turkish Regulatory and Other Matters - Banking Regulatory Matters.” 
Interest Rates and Central Bank Policy 
One of the primary factors influencing the Group’s profitability is the level of short-term interest rates in Türkiye 
(including both policy rates and market rates, which have been further impacted by market expectations regarding inflation 
and foreign exchange rates), which affects the return on its securities portfolio and its loan and deposit rates. Turkish Lira-
denominated treasury bills and bonds sold through public auction had average compound interest rates of 8.82%, 14.64% and 
16.96% in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Interest rates earned and paid on the Group’s assets and liabilities reflect, to a 
certain degree, current inflation, expectations regarding inflation, shifts in short-term interest rates set by the Central Bank 
and movements in long-term real interest rates. The fluctuations in short-term and long-term interest rates impact the Group’s 
net interest income differently based upon the repricing profile of the Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities. As of 31 March 2023, 9.9% of the Bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated cash loan portfolio carried a floating interest 
rate (7.0%, 11.3% and 11.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022). 
The degree of the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is largely a function of the relative tenors of its interest-
earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, its ability to reprice (and the timing of any such repricing of) its interest-earning 
assets and interest-bearing liabilities (e.g., whether their interest rates are determined on a fixed or floating basis) and its 
ability to hedge against interest rate risk. 
Because the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities (principally deposits) generally reprice faster than its interest-earning 
assets, changes in the short-term interest rates in Türkiye are generally reflected in the rates of interest paid by the Group on 
its liabilities before such interest rates are reflected in the rates of interest earned by the Group on its assets. Therefore, when 
short-term interest rates fall, the Group is both positively affected (for example, the value of its fixed rate securities portfolio 
might increase, as was the case especially between May 2014 and November 2016 and during the second half of 2019, and 
its interest margins might improve), but can also be negatively impacted (for example, through the decline in net interest 
margins on assets (such as new loans) funded by relatively low interest rate deposits, including demand deposits). On the 
other hand, when short-term rates increase, the Group’s interest margin is generally negatively affected (as was the case, for 
example, in the last quarter of 2020), as it will generally pay higher interest rates on its interest-bearing liabilities before it 
can modify the rates of its interest-earning assets. Starting from July 2019, the Central Bank made cuts to the policy rate until 
September 2020, which resulted in lower funding costs; however, the rates then increased materially until March 2021 (to 
19.00%) due to the monetary tightening policy of the Central Bank, which lead to an increase in interest paid on interest-
bearing liabilities. As rates were again reduced in the latter part of 2021 and through 2022, the Group benefitted by obtaining 
reduced funding costs and improved margins, particularly as market interest rates on loans and securities were de-linked from 
policy rates. An increase in long-term rates generally has at least a short-term negative effect on the Group’s net interest 
margin because its interest-earning assets generally have a longer repricing duration than its interest-bearing liabilities and 
because a portion of its interest-earning assets have fixed rates of interest. 
Notwithstanding that general result, the first quarter of 2023 saw an increased lack of correlation between the policy 
rate and actual funding costs due to rapid changes in the regulatory environment and the Central Bank’s Liraisation strategy, 
which increased Turkish Lira deposit costs due to increased competition among Turkish banks. On the other hand, the resultant 
volatility in the market, which was also impacted by the lead-up to the May 2023 elections, enabled the Bank to reduce its 
duration gap significantly in order to prepare its balance sheet for potential increases in the policy rate after the election. 
Due to an increasing trend in inflation, income from CPI-linked securities increased in 2021 and 2022 (the CPI used 
in the determination of the Group’s CPI-linked securities was 11.9%, 19.9% and 85.5% in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, 
and 35.0% in the first quarter of 2023), serving as a hedge in an inflationary environment. As of 31 December 2020, 2021

--- Page 82 ---
63 
and 2022 and 31 March 2023, 39.1%, 40.2%, 41.0% and 36.9%, respectively, of the Group’s securities portfolio consisted of 
CPI-linked securities. 
Interest rates are expected to remain volatile as a result of factors generally affecting emerging markets as well as 
domestic economic and political conditions in Türkiye. See “-Turkish Economy” above and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating 
to the Group and its Business - Market Risks - Interest Rate Risks.” 
As noted above, the Central Bank has adjusted reserve requirement ratios as a policy tool at various times in the past 
several years to reduce or encourage certain actions by the banking sector, including both deposit and lending activity. For 
example, on 19 August 2019, the Central Bank decided to revise the reserve requirement ratios for Turkish Lira liabilities of 
banks whose annual loan growth (to be calculated according to the procedures and principles determined by the Central Bank) 
is between 10% and 20% of the sum of their loans of a standard nature and loans under close monitoring (calculated in Turkish 
Lira) (excluding foreign currency-indexed loans and loans extended to banks). Accordingly, the reserve requirement ratio for 
such liabilities is set at 2% in all maturity brackets, excluding: (a) deposits and participation funds with one year or longer 
maturity (excluding deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad) and (b) other liabilities with a longer than three 
year maturity (including deposits/participation funds obtained from banks abroad). Such reserve requirement ratios are applied 
for a three month period after the calculation period, which will be determined by the Central Bank. 
On 26 March 2019, the Central Bank started to execute short-term U.S. dollar/Turkish Lira swap transactions (where 
the Central Bank borrows U.S. dollars and lends Turkish Lira) with local banks in order to limit the impact of the tight liquidity 
of the Turkish Lira (before this date, the Central Bank had only been executing swap transactions with local banks where it 
lent foreign currency and borrowed Turkish Lira). 
To support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central Bank decided 
on 28 December 2019 to increase (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the liability period starting on 27 December 2019) the 
reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets, but 
applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real loan growth conditions 
(i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds of such banks 
unchanged). 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) repealed the reserve requirement related to a bank’s annual loan growth, 
(b) revised the reserve requirement ratios and remuneration rates such that they apply to all banks equally and (c) effective as 
of 27 November 2020: (i) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves 
and (ii) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-denominated deposits and 
participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve requirement ratios for: (A) 
deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with a maturity up to (and 
including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and participation funds received 
from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum from 7% per annum, (B) 
foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from 
banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year were reduced to 19% 
per annum from 22% per annum, (C) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and 
participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity of one year or more 
were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (D) other foreign currency-denominated liabilities (regardless of 
maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 21% per annum). 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 200 basis points 
for all liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks 
are permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (i) reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira 
reserves it can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to maintain a 
portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (ii) increased the reserve requirement 
ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets and (iii) 
started to apply remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves of banks 
depending upon certain conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 2021 (with 
the maintenance period starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve requirement 
ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts by 200 basis 
points for all maturity brackets effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (A) further 
reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 10% and 
announced that the facility for holding standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually decreased and

--- Page 83 ---
64 
eventually terminated and (B) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency deposits/participation funds by a 
further 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective from the calculation date of 12 November 2021 (with the 
maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards. With respect to such amendments (as further amended on 10 June 2022), banks are required to reserve 20% of the 
relevant commercial loans (as calculated on the last Friday of every four week period) for a maintenance period of four weeks. 
In addition, as a provisional application, banks with a growth rate in loans subject to reserve requirements above 20% as of 
31 May 2022 compared to 31 December 2021 are required to maintain mandatory reserves between 10 June 2022 and 
24 November 2022 at a rate of 20% of the difference between their existing such loan balances on 31 March 2022 and 
31 December 2021 (the “Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement”). See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment – 
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” with respect to certain other actions taken since the beginning of 2022. 
Such adjustments have had, and are likely to continue to have, an impact on the Group’s results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group’s balance sheet structure provides a partial hedge against short- to medium-term interest rate movements. 
Lower interest rates, together with economic stability, support loan growth and NPL collections. Higher interest rates, on the 
other hand, have a positive effect on yields on securities, since a significant portion of the Group’s securities have a variable 
interest rate, which partly mitigates higher deposit costs and slowing loan growth. The Group’s senior management seeks to 
proactively change the mix of the Group’s variable and fixed rate assets and liabilities depending upon market conditions and 
expectations, while bearing in mind market trends and the Group’s risk management policies, to minimise risk and maintain 
a balanced composition of assets and liabilities. 
The following table provides the Bank’s net interest margin and average spread for the indicated periods: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
Net interest margin................................. 
6.6%
6.7%
11.1%
6.8%
  Turkish Lira assets.................................
9.2%
9.8%
16.5%
8.5%
  Foreign currency assets..........................
2.5%
2.2%
2.3%
3.5%
Average spread 
  Turkish Lira assets/liabilities .................
4.7%
1.7%
9.1%
5.5%
  Foreign currency assets/liabilities..........
2.7%
2.7%
3.2%
3.2%
The following table provides the Group’s net interest margin and average spread for the indicated periods: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
Net interest margin....................................
6.1%
6.5%
9.1%
6.4%
Average spread..........................................
4.0%
3.3%
5.3%
2.4%
In 2021, the Group’s net interest margin of 6.5% increased slightly from the 6.1% in 2020, which increase was 
mainly due to higher income on CPI-linked securities. In the first half of 2021, deposit costs remained at elevated levels due 
to the continuing high interest rate environment, in particular reflecting that (due to the faster repricing of deposits) interest 
rates on deposits increased more quickly than interest rates on loans. 
In 2022, the net interest margin increased to 9.1%, reflecting that lending growth in the first half of 2022 was 
predominantly short-term (with an average maturity of less than one year) and thus repriced quickly in an increasing interest 
environment until the Central Bank started reducing rates in the final months of the year. In the first three months of 2023, 
the net interest margin declined to 6.4%, reflecting the increased funding costs (due in part to strong competition for deposits) 
and lower income on CPI-linked securities.

--- Page 84 ---
65 
Significant Securities Portfolio 
The Group has historically generated a significant portion of its interest income from its securities portfolio, with 
interest income on the Group’s securities portfolio in 2020, 2021, 2022 and the first three months of 2023 accounting for 
16.6%, 17.0%, 31.3% and 22.6%, respectively, of its total interest income and 11.9%, 11.5%, 22.5% and 13.8%, respectively, 
of its total operating profit before deducting interest expense and fees and commissions. The CPI-linked securities in the 
Group’s investment securities portfolio provided high real yields compared to other government securities in each of such 
periods, benefitting from the high inflation environment, but their impact on the Group’s earnings might vary as inflation rates 
change. 
The Group has also experienced large realised and unrealised gains and losses from the mark-to-market valuation 
and sale of securities, the results for which showed gains representing 7.7% of the Group’s other operating income in 2020, 
losses representing 20.2% of the Group’s other operating income in 2021, gains representing 9.4% of the Group’s other 
operating income in 2022 and gains representing 7.3% of the Group’s other operating income in the first three months of 2023. 
In addition, the Group experienced meaningful trading income in 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 as a result of increased 
foreign exchange trading by customers due to the volatility in the Turkish Lira. 
While the contribution of income from the Group’s securities portfolio (including interest earned, trading income 
and other income) has been significant over the past three fiscal years, the Group expects that while interest income on the 
securities portfolio will continue to contribute to net operating profit, it will likely be lower in 2023 compared to 2022 due to 
a decline in inflation and the acquisition of low-yielding government bonds as a result of recently regulatory changes. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s management expects that (in the short- to medium-term) the relative size of the 
Bank’s securities portfolio compared to its total assets will likely remain fairly stable, in part to maintain a buffer for liquidity 
purposes. 
The Group’s securities portfolio principally contains Turkish government debt securities, with more limited holdings 
of other securities such as corporate and foreign government debt securities. The Group’s investment securities portfolio 
(which: (a) excludes its financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and (b) includes: (i) financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and (ii) financial assets measured at amortised cost) represented 
12.9%, 11.3%, 15.3% and 16.1%, respectively, of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 
31 March 2023. The recent increases in the Group’s securities portfolio were largely due to the introduction of regulations 
requiring Turkish banks to hold Turkish government securities (e.g., the Bank’s share of Turkish Lira deposits in its retail and 
commercial deposits were (separately) below 60%, which required the Bank to purchase long-term fixed rate Turkish 
government securities). While the Bank achieved this 60% threshold as of 31 March 2023, this increase might not continue; 
however, there can be no certainty as to the continuing impact of this regulatory changes and other change that might occur 
in the future. The Bank’s management actively manages the Bank’s balance sheet composition to seek to minimise the impact 
of these regulations related additions and improve its net interest margin, which management has enabled the share of the 
Group’s investment securities portfolio in its total assets to remain fairly constant and allow the Group to continue its focus 
on cash loan lending. 
TFRS 9 provides for a forward-looking expected credit loss (“ECL”) approach. See note 3.8 in the Group’s BRSA 
Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. Therefore, the Group recognises expected credit losses 
at initial recognition for all financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (excluding equity 
instruments) and financial assets measured at amortised cost. 
Provisions for Expected Credit Losses 
The Group’s financial results can be significantly affected by the amount of provisions for expected credit losses. 
The provision expense for losses on loans and other receivables in 2021 was TL 20,955,773 thousand, which was a 46.0% 
increase from the provisions for losses on loans and other receivables of TL 14,330,950 thousand in 2020. As of 31 December 
2021, and after including the impact of NPL sales of TL 665,407 billion in 2021 and write-offs/write-downs of TL 3,500,992 
million during the year, the NPL ratio decreased to 3.6% from 4.5% as of 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily 
due to strong NPL collections during 2021 having a greater positive impact than new NPL inflows. 
In 2022, the Group’s provisions for losses on loans and other receivables increased 24.1% to TL 26,005,040 thousand; 
however, the NPL ratio decreased to 2.6%, which decline was principally the result of the limited NPL inflows compared to 
the high growth in loans and TL 12.0 billion in write-downs (with write-downs accounting for 1.46% of the decline). See 
“Turkish Regulatory Environment - Expected Credit Losses.”

--- Page 85 ---
66 
In the first three months of 2023, the Group’s provisions for losses on loans and other receivables were 
TL 10,345,298 thousand and the NPL ratio further declined to 2.4% as of 31 March 2023. As with 2022, this decline was due 
to limited NPL inflows during a time of high growth in loans and TL 731,892 thousand in write-downs (write-downs reduced 
the NPL ratio by 0.2%). 
The Bank’s management has taken additional provisions in the form of general reserves, which the Bank’s 
management has implemented in accordance with the conservatism principle. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group 
and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit Qualification.” The Group is unable to deduct general reserves from 
its taxable income, and thus an increase in general reserves increases the Group’s effective tax rate. 
The Bank’s management elected to allocate TL 330,000 thousand in general reserves in 2009 in order to act 
conservatively in the context of the uncertainty created by the global financial crisis. The Bank’s management revised these 
reserves over the years, including increasing them by TL 2,150,000 thousand in 2020 (to TL 4,650,000 thousand), by 
TL 2,850,000 thousand in 2021 (to TL 7,500,000 thousand) and by TL 500,000 thousand in 2022 (to TL 8,000,000 thousand), 
in each case due to the possible effects of negative circumstances that might arise in the economy or in market conditions. No 
general reserves were taken in the first quarter of 2023. Each of EY and KPMG has qualified its report included in the 
applicable BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus because general reserves are not 
permitted under the BRSA Principles. 
Critical Accounting Policies 
The Group’s accounting policies are integral to understanding its financial condition and results of operations 
presented in the BRSA Financial Statements. The Group’s critical accounting policies under the BRSA Principles as of and 
for the three months ended 31 March 2023 are described in the notes to the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements 
(critical accounting policies for BRSA Financial Statements for other accounting periods being set forth in the notes in the 
applicable BRSA Financial Statements). 
In the application of the Group’s critical accounting policies, the management is required to make judgments, 
estimates and assumptions about future conditions. The use of available information and the application of judgment are 
inherent in the formation of estimates. The Group’s critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the 
portrayal of its financial condition and results of operations and that require the Group to make its most difficult and subjective 
judgments, often as a result of a need to make estimates of matters that are inherently unpredictable. The Bank’s management 
believes that, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s critical accounting policies where judgment is necessarily 
applied are those related to expected credit losses, business model assessment, a significant increase in credit risk, the 
establishment of groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics, models and assumptions used, establishing the 
number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios and determining the forward looking information relevant to 
each scenario, probability of default, loss given default, fair value measurement and valuation process, valuation of defined 
benefit plans and income taxes. Management bases its estimates and judgments upon historical experience and various other 
factors that the Bank’s management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The Group’s actual results might differ 
significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments and conditions. 
The policies related to the critical accounting judgments are outlined below. All other significant accounting policies 
that are necessary for a fair presentation of the Group’s financial condition and results of operations are presented in 
Section Three of the notes in the applicable BRSA Financial Statements. 
Classification of financial assets 
Financial assets comprise cash, contractual rights to obtain cash or another financial asset from or to exchange 
financial instruments with a counterparty, or capital instrument transactions with a counterparty. They have the ability to 
affect and diminish the liquidity, credit and interest rate risks in the Group’s financial statements. The rules that apply to the 
classification of financial assets under TFRS 9 are described below. 
Classification and measurement of financial assets. According to TFRS 9 requirements, the classification and 
measurement of a financial asset depends upon: (a) the business model within which such financial asset is managed and (b) 
the contractual cash flow characteristics of such financial asset. Each of the categories of financials assets under TFRS 9 is 
described below. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss: Financial assets measured at fair value through profit 
or loss are financial assets that are either acquired to generate profit from short-term fluctuations in their prices or are financial

--- Page 86 ---
67 
assets included in a portfolio that has been created to realise short-term profit. Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss are initially recognised at fair value and are thereafter remeasured at their fair value. All gains and losses arising 
from these valuations are reflected in the Group’s income statement. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income: In addition to financial assets within 
a business model for which there is an intention of holding to collect contractual cash flows and to sell, financial asset with 
contractual terms for which expected cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest at certain dates are classified as 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. These financial assets are recognised by adding 
transaction cost to acquisition cost, the sum of which represents the initial fair value of the financial asset. After their initial 
recognition, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are remeasured at their fair value. 
Interest income, calculated with the effective interest rate method, arising from financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income and dividend income from equity securities are recorded under the Group’s income statement. 
“Unrealised gains and losses” arising from the difference between the amortised cost and the fair value of financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are not reflected in the Group’s income statement until the 
acquisition of the financial asset, sale of the financial asset, disposal of the financial asset and impairment of the financial 
asset and they are accounted under the “Accumulated other comprehensive income or expense to be reclassified through profit 
or loss” line item under shareholders’ equity. When these securities are collected or disposed of, the accumulated fair value 
differences reflected in the equity are reflected to the Group’s income statement. 
Equity securities that have a quoted market price in an active market and the fair value of which can be reliably 
measured are carried at fair value and classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Equity securities that do not have a quoted market price in an active market and the fair value of which cannot be 
reliably measured are carried at cost less provision for impairment. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost: Financial assets that are held to collect contractual cash flows where 
those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are classified as financial assets measured at amortised 
cost. Financial assets measured at amortised cost are initially recognised at their acquisition cost, including the transaction 
costs, which reflect the fair value of those financial assets, and then are subsequently recognised at amortised cost by using 
the effective interest rate method. Interest income obtained from financial assets measured at amortised cost is accounted in 
the Group’s income statement. 
Loans: Loans are financial assets that have fixed or determinable payment terms and are not quoted in an active 
market. Loans are initially recognised at acquisition cost plus transaction costs, which represent their initial fair value, and 
are thereafter measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Group loans and receivables are initially 
carried at cost value. Group loans are measured at amortised cost using an internal rate of return. Short-term and long-term 
loans are grouped as uncollateralised or collateralised, foreign currency-denominated loans are initially recognised in their 
original currency and revalued thereafter using the applicable foreign exchange buying rate of the Group. Foreign exchange-
indexed loans are revalued in Turkish Lira by the applicable foreign exchange buying rate of the Group at the date they are 
revalued. Repayments of these loans are calculated in Turkish Lira terms by applying the applicable foreign exchange selling 
rate of the Group at the repayment date. The Group’s loans are recognised under the “measured at amortised cost” account. 
Explanations for expected credit loss provisions: The main principle of the expected credit loss model is to reflect 
the general outlook of deterioration or improvement in the credit quality of financial assets. The amount of expected credit 
losses, known as loss provision or provisions, varies according to the credit risk. There are two measurements according to 
the general approach: 
- a 12-month expected loss provision (Stage 1) applies to all assets unless there is a significant deterioration 
in the credit quality, and 
- a lifetime expectation loss (Stage 2 and Stage 3) is applied when there is a significant increase in credit 
risk or there is observed evidence of impairment. 
Impairment. The Group recognises provisions for impairment of its financial assets in accordance with TFRS 9 
requirements according to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation. In this framework, the method of 
calculating provisions for impairment as set out in accordance with the relevant laws was replaced by the expected credit loss 
model under TFRS 9. The expected credit loss model includes financial assets that are measured at amortised cost or at fair 
value in other comprehensive income (such as bank deposits, loans and securities), financial lease receivables that are not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss, credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The guiding principle of 
the expected credit loss model is to reflect the increase in the credit risk of financial assets or the general view of the recovery

--- Page 87 ---
68 
thereon. The amount of allowance for an expected credit loss depends upon the degree of the increase in credit risk since the 
initial allocation of the loan. Expected credit loss for a financial asset is an estimate of the expected credit losses over the life 
of such financial instrument. 
Hedge Accounting 
TFRS 9 introduced hedge accounting rules aiming for alignment with risk management activities; however, TFRS 9 
allows companies to defer application of TFRS 9 hedge accounting rules and instead choose to continue applying hedge 
accounting provisions of TAS 39 as a policy choice. Accordingly, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank and its 
financial subsidiaries continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with TAS 39. 
Impairment of Financial Assets and Expected Credit Losses 
The Group’s accounting policy for losses/expected credit losses arising from the impairment of customer loans and 
other financial assets is described in note 3.8 of the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022. Under TFRS 9, the measurement of impairment losses across all categories of financial assets requires 
judgment, in particular, the estimation of amount and timing of future cash flows and collateral values when determining 
impairment losses and the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset 
has significantly increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-
looking information, which is based upon assumptions for future movement of different economic drivers and how these 
drivers will affect each other. These estimates are driven by a number of factors, changes in which might result in different 
levels of allowances. The Group’s ECL calculations are outputs of complex models with a number of underlying assumptions 
regarding the choice of variable inputs and their interdependencies. See note 3.8 in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 for further discussions about impairment. 
The Group reviews its financial assets as of each balance sheet date to determine whether there is objective evidence 
of impairment. If there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due (principal and interest) 
according to the original contractual terms of a loan, then the loan is considered impaired and classified as an “NPL.” Under 
TFRS 9, Stage 3 (credit-impaired) loans are classified as NPLs. The Group considers an asset to be in default in the following 
two conditions: 
(a) Objective Default: There is an objective default if the debt is past due more than 90 days, and/or 
(b) Subjective Default: There is a subjective default if a debt is unlikely to be paid regardless of the existence 
of any past-due amount or the number of days past due. 
Accordingly, if there is either an objective default or a subjective default, then the Group considers a financial asset to be 
defaulted and therefore classifies it as a Stage 3 (credit-impaired) financial asset. 
The allowance for a loan is measured as the difference between the loan’s carrying amount and the present value of 
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate, including any probable foreclosure of 
collateral. Impairment and uncollectibility are measured and recognised individually for loans and receivables that are 
individually significant, and on a portfolio basis for a group of similar loans and receivables that are not individually identified 
as impaired. 
Any expected credit loss assessment is performed either on a collective basis or an individual basis. Collective 
assessment is applied for segments defined on the basis of similar risk characteristics. On the other hand, individual assessment 
is performed for loans that are individually significant and exhibit specific characteristics. Accordingly, certain commercial 
and corporate loans are individually assessed. Calculations are performed by discounting the expected cash flows for the 
individual financial instrument to its present value using the effective interest rate. 
See also the discussion under “Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations – Provisions for Expected Credit Losses” for further risk assessment of the Group regarding expected credit losses 
and “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Summary of Loan Loss Experience” below for classification of the Group’s 
loan portfolio and provisions.

--- Page 88 ---
69 
Fair Value of Securities 
The Group’s securities are classified as either financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss or 
investment securities (which include both financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
financial assets measured at amortised cost). Financial assets measured at amortised cost are recorded at their acquisition cost 
and measured at amortised cost calculated as per the effective interest rate method and financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (which collectively represented 49.8%, 56.2%, 43.5% and 36.7%, respectively, of the 
Group’s total securities portfolio as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023) were recorded at fair value, 
with changes in fair value being recorded in income (for the trading portfolio and where there is an impairment or sale of 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income) or shareholders’ equity (for mark-to-market 
movements in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income). 
The following table sets out the distribution of the Group’s securities recorded at fair value as of each of the indicated 
dates (31 March 2023 is not included as interim periods are not required by the BRSA to be reported): 
 
31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (net) 
(excluding derivative financial assets held for trading)................
3,882,191
3,355,094
5,712,575
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income ................................................................. 
36,785,565 
55,746,298 
88,928,400 
Total .............................................................................................  
40,667,756 
59,101,392 
94,640,975 
Fair value is defined as the value at which a position could be closed out or sold in a transaction with a willing and 
knowledgeable unrelated party (without any deduction for transaction costs). The Bank estimates fair value using quoted 
market prices when available. When quoted market prices are not available, the Bank uses a variety of models that include 
dealer quotes, pricing models and quoted prices from instruments with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. The 
determination of fair value when quoted market prices are not available involves judgment by the Bank’s senior management 
as to whether the change in the value of a security is “other-than-temporary.” 
There is often limited market data to rely upon when estimating the impact of holding a large or aged position. 
Similarly, judgment must be applied in estimating prices when no external parameters exist. Other factors that can affect the 
estimates include incorrect model assumptions and unexpected correlations. The imprecision in estimating these factors might 
affect the amount of revenue or loss recorded for a specific asset or liability. As of 31 December 2022, the Group held financial 
assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income for which it could not use market prices or observable market inputs to determine fair value representing 0.01% of its 
total assets. 
In addition to the financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income, the Group also monitors the fair value of its financial assets measured at amortised 
cost to determine whether a decline in their fair value reflects that a write-down would be appropriate, which occurs if such a 
decline represents a loss event as described in Note 3.8 of the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. Factors that are used by the Group’s management in determining whether a decline is other than 
temporary and represents a loss event include the credit quality of the issuer, the conditions of the issuer’s operations and 
business segments, the observed period of the loss, the degree of the loss and management’s expectations. The Group 
calculates expected credit losses at initial recognition for all financial assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income that have not yet experienced a loss event. 
Derivatives 
The Group enters into transactions with derivative instruments, including forward contracts, swaps and options in 
the foreign exchange and capital markets. For example, the Group enters into interest rate swap transactions in order to hedge 
certain cash flow and currency exposures primarily on floating rate assets and liabilities through converting its floating rate 
income/payments into fixed rate income/payments. These derivative transactions are considered as effective economic hedges 
under the Group’s risk management policies but (other than transactions in which the hedge accounting relationship is 
evidenced), if they do not qualify for hedge accounting under the specific provisions of TAS 39, then they are treated as 
derivatives held-for-trading. Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised in the balance sheet at cost and 
subsequently are remeasured at their fair value.

--- Page 89 ---
70 
The fair value of derivative instruments is based upon their quoted market price at the balance sheet date without 
any deduction for transaction costs. If a quoted market price is not available, then the fair value of a derivative is estimated 
using the available market information and the appropriate valuation methodologies; however, judgment is necessarily 
required to interpret market data to develop the estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimates made are not necessarily 
indicative of the amounts that could be realised in a current market exchange. 
The fair value of a derivative that is not exchange-traded is estimated at the amount that the Group would receive or 
pay to terminate the contract as of the balance sheet date taking into account current market conditions and the current 
creditworthiness of the counterparties. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is positive and recorded in the 
balance sheet under “derivative financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss” and as liabilities when fair value 
is negative and recorded in the balance sheet under “derivative financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or 
loss.” For derivatives that do not qualify for special hedge accounting (which are held for trading purposes instead), any gains 
or losses arising from changes in fair value are taken directly to income for the period as a component of “trading 
income/losses (net)” whereas gains and losses on derivative financial assets held for cash flow hedges are reflected directly 
as a separate component of shareholders’ equity and reclassified to income when the hedged transaction is settled. TFRS 9 
permits to defer application of TFRS 9 hedge accounting and continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with TAS 39 
as a policy choice. Accordingly, the Group has continued to apply hedge accounting in accordance with TAS 39 in this context. 
Defined Benefit Plan 
As described in “Management – Compensation – Pension Plans,” the Bank has a defined benefit plan for its Turkish 
employees (i.e., the Defined Benefit Fund described therein). As described therein, certain of the assets and obligations of the 
Defined Benefit Fund are subject to transfer to the Social Security Institution of Türkiye (Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Sosyal 
Güvenlik Kurumu) (the “SSF”) and the SSF is required to collect the unfunded portion (if any) from the employee benefit 
funds and the banks employing the relevant fund participants, which will be severally liable, in annual instalments to be paid 
over a period of up to 15 years. If there is a shortfall at the time of the transfer of the Defined Benefit Fund (as determined by 
the SSF), then the Bank would be liable to make the supplemental payments described above for 15 years. 
The excess benefits, which are not subject to the transfer to the SSF, are accounted for in the Group’s BRSA Financial 
Statements in accordance with TAS 19 (“Employee Benefits”). The obligation in respect of this retained portion of the benefit 
plan is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the 
current and prior periods, which benefit is discounted to determine its present value by using the projected unit credit method, 
and any unrecognised past service costs and the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. 
Taxation 
Income tax is calculated on the basis of taxable income as calculated by applicable tax laws, which differ in certain 
material respects from the BRSA Principles. The Group’s effective tax rate was 30.7% for 2020, 27.0% for 2021, 24.0% for 
2022 and 14.5% for the first three months of 2023 (25.3% for the first three months of 2022), respectively. In preparing its 
financial statements, the Group is required to estimate taxes on income, which involves an estimation of current tax expenses 
together with an assessment of temporary differences resulting from differences between carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding bases used in the calculation of taxable profit. The Group’s 
carrying value of deferred tax assets assumes that the Group will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income based 
upon estimates and assumptions. If these estimates and related assumptions prove to be incorrect, then the Group might be 
required to record valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets resulting in additional tax expense in its income. The 
Group evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on each business day. 
Key Performance Indicators 
The Group calculates certain ratios in order to measure its performance and compare it to the performance of its 
main competitors. The following table sets out certain key performance indicators for the Group for the indicated 
dates/periods, which indicators are (among others) those used by the Group’s management to manage its business:

--- Page 90 ---
71 
As of (or for the year ended) 
31 December 
As of (or for the 
three months ended) 
Ratios 
2020 
2021 
2022 
31 March 2023 
Annual(ised) net interest margin......................................................
6.1%
6.5%
9.1%
6.4%
Net fees and commissions income/expenses as a percentage of total 
operating profit ............................................................................
16.8%
14.9%
13.6%
16.5%
Cost-to-income ratio........................................................................
51.4%
39.8%
25.6%
39.8%
Operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets ratio.....
2.4%
2.3%
2.4%
3.3%
NPL ratio .........................................................................................
4.5%
3.6%
2.6%
2.4%
Group’s capital adequacy ratios
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(1)(4)..................................................
14.3%
13.8%
16.2%
14.1%
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(2)(4) .......................
14.3%
13.8%
16.2%
14.1%
Total capital adequacy ratio(3)(4)...................................................
16.9%
16.7%
18.6%
16.2%
Expected credit losses to NPLs........................................................
130.1%
160.6%
197.6%
200.2%
Expected credit losses to gross loans...............................................
3.0%
3.0%
2.4%
0.3%
Return on average total assets..........................................................
1.3%
2.0%
5.1%
1.1%
Return on average shareholders’ equity...........................................
11.3%
19.0%
47.4%
35.4%
Loan-to-deposit ratio .......................................................................
96.2%
84.3%
84.7%
80.6%
____________ 
(1) 
The “Tier 1” capital adequacy ratio is calculated by dividing the “Tier 1” capital (after required deductions) by the aggregate of the value at credit 
risk, value at market risk and value at operational risk. See “– Capital Adequacy” below. 
(2) 
The common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is calculated by dividing the “Common Equity Tier 1” capital (after required deductions) by the 
aggregate of the value at credit risk, value at market risk and value at operational risk. See “– Capital Adequacy” below. 
(3) 
The total capital adequacy ratio is calculated by dividing: (a) the “Tier 1” capital (i.e., its share capital, reserves and retained earnings) plus the “Tier 2” 
capital (i.e., the “supplementary capital,” which comprises expected credit losses for Stage 1 and Stage 2 assets, subordinated debt, unrealised 
gains/(losses) on available-for-sale assets and revaluation surplus (reduced by certain items such as leasehold improvements and intangibles)) and 
minus items to be deducted from capital (the “deductions from capital,” which comprises items such as unconsolidated equity interests in financial 
institutions and assets held for resale but held longer than five years), by (b) the aggregate of the risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet exposures 
(i.e., value at credit risk), value at market risk and value at operational risk. See “Capital Adequacy” below. 
(4) 
On 17 June 2021 (as revised multiple times thereafter), the BRSA announced that capital adequacy ratio calculations until such date as determined by 
the BRSA may be calculated using a favourable foreign exchange rate. If such measure had not been taken into account, then the Group’s Tier 1, 
common equity Tier 1 and total capital adequacy ratios would decline to 11.32%, 11.32%, and 13.98%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021, 14.5%, 
14.5%, and 16.78%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 13.75%, 13.75%, and 15.86%, respectively, as of 31 March 2023. 
The calculation of the Group’s net interest margin for the indicated periods is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income......................................
25,392,568
36,064,391
88,092,627
14,243,833
Average interest-earning assets...................
417,634,638
557,371,938
973,128,470
1,191,190,996
Nonannualised net interest margin... 
6.1% 
6.5% 
9.1% 
1.6% 
Annualisation factor ....................................
NA
NA
NA
4.00
Net interest margin ............................ 
6.1% 
6.5% 
9.1% 
6.4% 
The calculation of the Group’s net fees and commissions income/expenses as a percentage of total operating profit 
for the indicated periods is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net fees and commissions income/expenses...........
6,587,665
9,194,510
18,146,320
6,608,235
Total operating profit...............................................
39,225,428
61,548,493
133,311,376
39,935,387
Net fees and commissions income/expenses 
as a percentage of total operating profit....... 
16.8% 
14.9% 
13.6% 
16.5%

--- Page 91 ---
72 
The calculation of the Group’s cost-to-income ratio for the indicated years is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income ......................................................
25,392,568
36,064,391
88,092,627
18,667,056
Net fees and commissions income/expenses................
6,587,665
9,194,510
18,146,320
6,608,235
Net trading income/losses ............................................
702,894
4,735,886
10,512,298
4,455,369
Dividend income..........................................................
22,178
27,996
94,753
11,999
Other income ................................................................ 
6,880,312 
12,078,152 
17,449,406 
10,680,074 
Provisions for loans, provisions for marketable 
securities and general reserves..............................
(16,480,950) 
(23,805,773)
(26,505,040)
(10,345,298)
Total income ........................................................ 
23,104,667 
38,295,162 
107,790,364 
30,077,435 
Personnel expenses.......................................................
4,419,743
6,045,979
10,141,331
4,274,087
Other operating expenses ............................................. 
7,467,095 
9,194,294 
17,425,279 
7,709,442 
Total cost..............................................................
11,886,838 
15,240,273 
27,566,610 
11,983,529 
Cost-to-income ratio ........................................... 
51.4% 
39.8% 
25.6% 
39.8% 
The calculation of the Group’s operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets for the indicated periods is 
as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Personnel expenses.......................................................
4,419,743
6,045,979
10,141,331
4,274,087
Other operating expenses .............................................  
7,467,095 
9,194,294 
17,425,279 
7,709,442 
Operating expenses..............................................  
11,886,838 
15,240,273 
27,566,610 
11,983,529 
Average total assets ......................................................
502,522,670
665,091,732
1,144,109,433
1,471,664,421
Nonannualised 
operating 
expenses 
as 
a 
percentage of average total assets ......................  
2.4% 
2.3% 
2.4% 
0.8% 
Annualisation factor .....................................................
NA
NA
NA
4.00
Operating expenses as a percentage of average 
total assets ............................................................  
2.4% 
2.3% 
2.4% 
3.3% 
The calculation of the Group’s NPL ratio for the indicated dates is as follows: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Loans .................................
344,550,094
491,118,106
769,289,135
837,996,847
NPLs ..................................  
16,118,312 
18,344,496 
20,289,804 
20,557,159 
Total loans ................. 
360,668,406 
509,462,602 
789,578,939 
858,554,006 
NPL ratio................... 
4.5% 
3.6% 
2.6% 
2.4% 
The calculation of the Group’s allowance for expected credit losses to NPLs for the indicated dates is as follows: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Expected credit losses (Stage 3) .................................
10,215,084
12,185,034
14,689,002
14,554,027
Expected credit losses (Stages 1 & 2) ......................... 
10,753,679 
17,267,110 
25,397,287 
26,607,194 
Total provisions ................................................. 
20,968,763 
29,452,144 
40,086,289 
41,161,221 
NPLs........................................................................... 
16,118,312
18,344,496
20,289,804
20,557,159
Expected credit losses to NPLs ......................... 
130.1% 
160.6% 
197.6% 
200.2%

--- Page 92 ---
73 
The calculation of the Group’s return on average shareholders’ equity for the indicated periods is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net profit/(loss) ............................................................
6,715,352
13,587,564
58,510,306
15,452,557
Average shareholders’ equity.......................................
59,260,758
71,367,635
123,461,491
174,417,124
Nonannualised 
return 
on 
average 
shareholders’ equity............................................ 
11.38% 
19.0% 
47.4% 
8.9% 
Annualisation factor .....................................................
NA
NA
NA
4.00
Return on average shareholders’ equity ...........  
11.3% 
19.0% 
47.4% 
35.4% 
The calculation of the Group’s return on average total assets for the indicated periods is as follows: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Three months 
ended 
31 March 2023 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net profit/(loss) ........................................
6,715,352
13,587,564
58,510,306
15,452,557
Average total assets..................................
502,522,660
665,091,732
1,144,109,433
1,471,664,421
Nonannualised return on average 
total assets........................................  
1.3% 
2.0% 
5.1% 
1.1% 
Annualisation factor .................................
NA
NA
NA
4.00
Return on average total assets........  
1.3% 
2.0% 
5.1% 
4.2% 
The calculation of the Group’s expected credit losses to gross loans for the indicated dates is as follows: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Expected credit losses (Stage 3)...........................................
4,680,637
7,684,463
6,288,528
1,103,846
Expected credit losses (Stages 1 & 2) .................................. 
9,650,313 
13,271,310 
19,716,512 
9,241,452 
Total provision expenses.............................................
14,330,950 
20,955,773 
26,005,040 
10,345,298 
Collections ........................................................................... 
(4,579,702) 
(8,663,167) 
(10,381,297) 
(8,202,423) 
Net provision expense .................................................
9,751,248 
12,292,606 
15,623,743 
2,142,875 
Average total loans...............................................................
320,989,126
414,281,024
644,810,356
837,996,847
Nonannualised expected credit losses to gross loans  
3.0% 
3.0% 
2.4% 
0.3% 
Annualisation factor.............................................................
NA
NA
NA
4.00
Expected credit losses to gross loans ......................... 
3.0% 
3.0% 
2.4% 
1.0% 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the three months ended 31 March 2022 and 2023 and the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 
As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had the following market shares among commercial banks (each as measured on a 
bank-only basis): (a) based upon BRSA weekly data, 9.8% of performing loans, 14.1% of consumer loans (including credit 
cards), 7.5% of consumer mortgage loans, 19.0% of consumer credit cards, 10.1% in customer deposits and 12.7% in customer 
demand deposits, and (b) based upon BRSA monthly data, 9.6% of total assets, 13.8% in net fees and commissions and 17.1% 
in net income. 
The following summary financial and operating data as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 
2022 and the three months ended 31 March 2022 and 2023 have been extracted from the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial 
Statements and BRSA Interim Financial Statements without material adjustment. This information should be read in 
conjunction with such BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes therein).

--- Page 93 ---
74 
The table below summarises the Group’s income statement and statement of profit or loss for the indicated periods, 
the components of which are described in greater detail in the following sections: 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 
31 March 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Interest income...............................................................
39,393,261
60,192,823
132,800,968
22,093,201
36,740,099
Interest expense ............................................................. 
(14,000,693) 
(24,128,432) 
(44,708,341) 
(7,849,368) 
(18,073,043) 
Net interest income ..............................................
25,392,568 
36,064,391 
88,092,627 
14,243,833 
18,667,056 
Net fees and commissions income/expenses..................
6,587,665
9,194,510
18,146,320
3,206,043
6,608,235
Dividend income............................................................
22,178
27,996
94,753
14,049
11,999
Net trading income/losses (net)......................................
702,894
4,735,886
10,512,298
2,393,556
4,455,369
Other operating income.................................................. 
6,880,312 
12,078,152 
17,449,406 
5,038,228 
10,680,074 
Total operating profit ..........................................
39,585,617 
62,100,935 
134,295,404 
24,895,109 
40,422,733 
Expected credit losses(1).................................................
(18,159,994)
(28,450,165)
(29,741,042)
(8,280,631)
(10,375,626)
Other operating expenses ............................................... 
(11,886,838) 
(15,240,273) 
(27,566,610) 
(5,285,523) 
(11,983,529) 
Profit/(loss) before taxes ......................................
9,538,785 
18,410,497 
76,987,752 
11,329,555 
18,063,578 
Provision for taxes ......................................................... 
(2,823,433) 
(4,822,933) 
(18,477,446) 
(3,066,941) 
(2,611,021) 
Net profit/(loss) ..................................................... 
6,715,352 
13,587,564 
58,510,306 
8,262,614 
15,452,557 
Attributable to equityholders of the Bank......................
6,635,279
13,466,741
58,285,378
8,215,682
15,365,843
Attributable to minority interests ...................................
80,073
120,823
224,928
46,932
86,714
 
 
 
 
 
(1) Includes other provisions. 
Results of Operations for the three months ended 31 March 2022 and 2023 
Net Profit/(Loss) 
The Group’s net profit/(loss) for a period is calculated by reducing its total operating profit for such period by 
expected credit losses on loans and other receivables, personnel expenses, other operating expenses and provision for taxes 
for such period. The Group’s net profit/(loss) for the first three months of 2023 was TL 15,452,557 thousand, increasing by 
87.0% from TL 8,262,614 thousand for the same period of 2022. The net profit/(loss) for these periods was affected by certain 
exceptional items, which are quantified in the table below: 
Three months ended 31 March 
2022 
2023 
Exceptional items
(TL thousands) 
Sale of assets.....................................................................
(97,741)
(307,855)
Sale of NPLs .....................................................................
-
-
Other income.....................................................................
-
-
Central Bank administrative fine(1)....................................
-
127,000
General reserves(2).............................................................
-
-
Tax effects of the items listed above ..........................
22,480 
133,105 
Total impact on net profit/(loss).............................. 
75,261 
47,749 
Net profit/(loss).................................................................
8,262,614 
15,452,557 
Net profit/(loss) adjusted for exceptional items..... 
8,187,353
15,404,808 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) The fine in 2023 resulted from the Central Bank’s application of an additional fee of a “penal nature” to Turkish banks 
(including the Bank) on the grounds that they did not fulfil their obligation to inform the Central Bank about spot foreign 
currency transfers abroad. 
(2) See “Provisions for Expected Credit Losses” above. As such general reserves are not permitted under the BRSA 
Principles, the Group’s independent auditors noted this departure in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements by 
qualifying their opinion. Should the Bank’s management determine that market conditions have improved to such an 
extent that such additional reserves are not required, then they might elect to reverse such reserves in future periods, 
which would have the result of increasing income in such period. 
Net profit/(loss) adjusted for exceptional items increased by 88.2% in the first three months of 2023 from the same period of 
the prior year, which change was mainly due to increasing net interest income, net fees and commissions and trading income 
and lower net provisions.

--- Page 94 ---
75 
The following sections describe the components of the Group’s net profit/(loss) (i.e., total operating profit, other 
operating expenses and provision for taxes) in greater detail. 
Total Operating Profit 
The Group’s total operating profit is comprised of its net interest income, net fees and commissions income/expenses, 
dividend income, net trading income/losses and other operating income. Each of these is described in greater detail below. 
The following table identifies the share that these categories have represented in the Group’s total operating profit before 
taxes for the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
Net interest income............................................
57.2%
46.2%
Net fees and commissions income/expenses.....
12.9%
16.3%
Dividend income ...............................................
0.1%
0.0%
Net trading income/losses .................................
9.6%
11.0%
Other operating income.....................................
19.1%
25.2%
Net Interest Income 
The Group’s net interest income is the difference between its interest income and its interest expense (each described 
below) and is the principal area of income for the Group. As a result, the differential between the interest rates that the Group 
receives on interest-earning assets and the interest rates that it pays on interest-bearing liabilities (i.e., its average spread) and 
the volume of such assets and liabilities have the most significant impact on the Group’s results of operations. This net interest 
income represented 57.2% and 46.2% of the Group’s total operating profit in the first three months of 2022 and 2023, 
respectively. 
Net interest income amounted to TL 18,667,056 thousand in the first three months of 2023, which was a 31.1% 
increase from TL 14,243,833 thousand in the same period of the prior year. This increase was primarily due to higher income 
on loans and CPI-linked securities. 
The Group’s net interest margin was 6.4% in the first three months of 2023, which was a decline from 9.1% for full 
year 2022. This decline resulted primarily from higher funding costs and lower loan yields. Despite the low policy rate (8.50% 
as of March 2023; however, after the presidential elections in May 2023, the Central Bank increased the rate to 15.00%, 
though such remains well below the level of inflation), the costs for Turkish Lira deposits increased notably due to increased 
competition for Turkish Lira deposits among Turkish banks as a result of regulatory changes intended to encourage the 
Liraisation of the economy. On the other hand, yields on Turkish Lira-denominated loans experienced a downward trend due 
to the alignment of commercial loan interest rates to a regulatory cap designed to incentivise banks to avoid being required to 
purchase additional low-yielding Turkish government securities (See “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Liquidity and 
Reserve Requirements”). In this environment, the Bank’s management managed loan growth to seek an optimal balance that 
minimised the negative impact of these regulatory changes while reducing the duration gap in order to position the balance 
sheet for an expected increasing interest rate environment. See also “– Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations – Interest Rate Environment.” 
Interest Income. Interest income is the interest (including the amortisation of interest-earning assets purchased at a 
discount and the interest component of lease receivables entered into for margin management purposes) and certain loan-
related fees (such as closing fees received on project finance loans) received by the Group on its interest-earning assets, 
principally loans and debt securities. Interest income is a function of both the volume of interest-earning assets and the yield 
that the Group earns on these holdings. In the first three months of 2023, the Group’s interest income increased by 66.3% to 
TL 36,740,099 thousand from TL 22,093,201 thousand for the same period of 2022. The following table sets out the interest-
earnings on the Group’s interest-earning assets during the indicated periods:

--- Page 95 ---
76 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Interest income on loans..............................................
15,473,618
26,228,741
Interest income on reserve deposits.............................
242,621
20,548
Interest income on banks .............................................
53,915
538,851
Interest income on money market transactions............
1,012,296
614,942
Interest income on securities portfolio.........................
4,893,897
8,289,581
Financial lease income.................................................
287,018
656,025
Other interest income...................................................
129,836 
391,411 
Total interest income .......................................... 
22,093,201 
36,740,099 
As noted above, interest income is a function of both the volume of, and yield earned on, the Group’s interest-earning assets. 
In the first three months of 2023 compared to the same period of the previous year, the change in interest income was 
principally due to a 69.5% increase in “interest income on loans” resulting largely from increasing loan volumes and improved 
yields through the Group’s selective lending strategy on more profitable products. During the period, interest income on loans 
increased due in large part to increasing yields on loans, while interest income from securities also increased significantly due 
to higher interest rates and increased income on CPI-linked securities. As a result, total interest income in the first three 
months of 2023 increased by 66.3% when compared to the same period of 2022. 
The following table sets forth the average yield earned by the Bank (daily average) and the Group (quarterly average) 
on certain interest-earning assets for the indicated periods. 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
Total average yield for the Bank 
14.15%
14.40%
Deposits at banks................................
8.48%
4.25%
Investments in securities ....................
19.38%
17.24%
Loans and advances to customers.......
13.73%
14.83%
Total average yield for the Group........... 
12.45%
12.55%
The increase in the yield earned by the Bank in the first three months of 2023 compared to the same period of the 
previous year primarily resulted from the Bank’s strategy to improve net interest margin and focus on income from core 
banking operations and rising interest rates on deposits. 
Interest Expense. Interest expense is the interest and certain loan-related fee expenses (such as fees paid on syndicated 
loans) of the Group on its interest-bearing liabilities, principally time deposits. As with interest income, interest expense is a 
function of both the volume of interest-bearing liabilities and the interest rates that the Group pays on these liabilities. In the 
first three months of 2023, the Group’s interest expense increased by 130.2% to TL 18,073,043 thousand from TL 7,849,368 
thousand in the same period of 2022. The following table sets out the interest expense on the Group’s interest-bearing 
liabilities by category during the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Interest on deposits ...................................................
6,196,579
15,210,481
Interest on funds borrowed .......................................
521,359
1,086,203
Interest on money market transactions......................
120,582
320,501
Interest on securities issued ......................................
683,417
671,549
Lease interest expense ..............................................
38,363
57,431
Other interest expenses.............................................
289,068 
726,878 
Total interest expense ....................................... 
7,849,368 
18,073,043 
The increase in the Group’s interest expense in the first three months of 2023 as compared to the same period of the previous 
year was principally in line with the increase in the size of its funding base and interest rates. As noted above, changes in the 
interest rates that the Group pays on its interest-bearing liabilities significantly affect the Group’s interest expense. As the 
Group’s interest-bearing deposits represent the largest portion of its liabilities (41.5% and 47.4%, respectively, as of 31 March 
2022 and 2023), the interest rates that the Group pays on its deposits typically have the largest impact on the Group’s interest

--- Page 96 ---
77 
expense. The following table sets forth the average interest rates paid by the Bank (daily average) and the Group (quarterly 
average) on interest-bearing deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities for the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
Total interest rates for the Bank................  
7.67% 
11.87% 
Deposits................................................
8.23%
12.54%
Short-term debt (one year or less) ........
11.05%
14.57%
Long-term debt.....................................
5.83%
10.28%
Repurchase agreements ........................
6.02%
4.01%
Total interest rates for the Group..............  
7.14% 
10.46% 
The change in interest rates was primarily a result of complying with new regulatory measures. See “- Financial 
Condition - Liabilities” below. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income/Expenses 
The second largest component of the Group’s operating income is its net fees and commissions income/(expenses). 
The Group earns fee and commission income on both capital-intensive products (such as origination fees on cash loans and 
fees for credit cards, letters of credit and guarantees) and capital-free products (such as money transfers, payment system fees, 
investment advice and brokerage fees in respect of debt and equity trading). The principal drivers for fee and commission 
income are money transfer and payment system fees. The Bank’s management expects the contribution of fee and commission 
income to the Group’s overall operating income to increase, particularly with the expected growth in its money transfer and 
payment system fees. 
The Group’s net fees and commissions income/expenses for the first three months of 2023 was TL 6,608,235 
thousand, an increase of 106.1% from TL 3,206,043 thousand for the same period of the prior year. This change was primarily 
driven by credit card and consumer loan originations and money transfer fees, both of which resulted from the strong growth 
in the economy and high inflation. 
The following table sets out the components of the Group’s fees and commissions income and expenses for the 
indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
 
(TL thousands)
Fees and commissions received ....................... 
4,377,263 
8,746,286 
Non-cash loans............................................
375,021
648,474
Others..........................................................
4,002,242
8,097,812
Fees and commissions paid.............................. 
1,171,220 
2,138,051 
Non-cash loans............................................
15,502
17,306
Others .......................................................... 
1,155,718 
2,120,745 
Net Fees and Commissions Income ................. 
3,206,043
6,608,235
Dividend Income 
Dividend income, which is principally received from the Group’s securities portfolio and certain small equity 
investments, is a very small portion of the Group’s income. Dividend income of TL 14,049 thousand in the first three months 
of 2022 and TL 11,999 thousand in the same period of 2023. 
Net Trading Income/Losses 
Net trading income/losses represent trading account income/losses, income/losses from derivative financial 
instruments and foreign exchange gain/losses. In the first three months of 2022, the Group experienced a net trading income 
of TL 2,393,556 thousand, compared with net trading gains of TL 4,455,369 thousand in the same period of 2023. These net 
trading gains in 2022 and 2023 resulted from foreign exchange gain. Swap funding is used by the Bank opportunistically to 
manage its funding cost.

--- Page 97 ---
78 
The following table sets out the categories of the Group’s net trading income/losses during the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
 
(TL thousands)
Trading Income 
 
Trading account income................................
1,659,159
2,193,381
Derivative financial instruments ...................
21,496,078
11,809,790
Foreign exchange gain .................................. 
80,101,102 
40,482,422 
Total trading income ........................................ 
103,256,339 
54,485,593 
Trading Losses 
Trading account losses..................................
(442,956)
(1,356,912)
Derivative financial instruments ...................
(35,161,832)
(11,700,514)
Foreign exchange losses ............................... 
(65,257,995) 
(36,972,798) 
Total trading losses ........................................... 
(100,862,783) 
(50,030,224) 
Net trading income/losses .......................... 
2,393,556
4,455,369
Other Operating Income 
Other operating income includes various additional sources of income, including the collection or reversal of 
previous periods’ provisions (including from the sale of NPLs), banking services-related costs recharged to customers, 
premium income from insurance business and income on custody services. Total other operating income was TL 10,192,728 
thousand in the first three months of 2023, increasing by 113.8% from TL 4,767,405 thousand in the same period of 2022. 
The following table sets out the Group’s other operating income by category for the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
(TL thousands)
Prior Year Reversals........................................................
3,701,837
8,202,423
Stage 1 ............................................................................
1,874,238
4,140,070
Stage 2 ............................................................................
1,055,865
2,786,888
Stage 3 ............................................................................
740,258
893,862
Others .............................................................................
31,476
381,603
Income from term sale of assets......................................
97,741
8,920
Others..............................................................................
967,827
1,981,385
Other operating income......................................... 
4,767,405 
10,192,728 
During the first three months of 2022, TL 3,726 thousand in non-performing receivables of the Group were sold; 
however, there were no such sales by the Group in the first three months of 2023. After reflecting the related provisions that 
had been provided for in prior periods, a gain from that sale amounting to TL 97,741 thousand was recognised in the first 
three months of 2022 under “other operating income.” 
Provision for Losses on Loans or other Receivables 
The Group’s results might be materially negatively affected by provisions that the Group takes for its ECLs on 
financial assets and loans measured at amortised cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts not measured at fair value through profit or loss based upon 
TFRS 9. The Group applies an impairment model that has three stages based upon the changes in credit quality since initial 
recognition. ECLs are required to be measured through a loss allowance: 
(a) at an amount equal to 12-month ECL (i.e., an ECL that results from default events on the financial 
instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date) (referred to as Stage 1), or 
(b) for lifetime ECL (i.e., an ECL that results from all possible default events over the life of the financial 
instrument) (referred to as Stage 2 and Stage 3).

--- Page 98 ---
79 
A loss allowance for lifetime ECL is required for a financial instrument if the credit risk on that financial instrument has 
increased significantly since initial recognition. For all other financial instruments within the scope of impairment, ECLs are 
measured at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL. 
The following table sets out the Group’s expected credit losses by category during the indicated periods: 
Three months ended 31 March 
2022 
2023 
 
(TL thousands)
Expected credit losses ...............................................................................................  
7,150,931 
10,345,298 
12 month ECL (Stage 1).......................................................................................
2,964,758
3,384,930
Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2)..........................................................
2,564,118
5,856,522
Impaired credits (Stage 3)....................................................................................
1,622,055
1,103,846
Impairment losses on securities ...............................................................................  
14,659 
- 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss ............................
14,659
-
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ...
-
-
Impairment losses on associates, subsidiaries and joint-ventures ........................  
373 
- 
Associates.............................................................................................................
373
-
Subsidiaries..........................................................................................................
-
-
Joint-ventures (business partnership) ..................................................................
-
-
Others(1) .....................................................................................................................  
1,114,668 
30,328 
Total............................................................................................................................  
8,280,631 
10,375,626 
____________ 
(1) Includes general reserves amounting to TL 500,000 thousand in the first quarter of 2022 but no general reserves were including in 
the first quarter of 2023. 
The following table sets out the Group’s expected credit losses for loans during the first three months of both 2022 
and 2023: 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of period (1 January 2022)  
2,937,910 
14,329,200 
12,185,034 
29,452,144 
Additions during the period (+).................................
2,146,515
1,401,980
640,276
4,188,771
Disposal (-)................................................................
(1,903,487)
(1,042,536)
(640,225)
(3,586,248)
Debt sale (-)...............................................................
-
-
(3,726)
(3,726)
Write-offs (-)..............................................................
-
-
(140,485)
(140,485)
Transfer to Stage 1..................................................... 
700,546
(698,395)
(2,151)
-
Transfer to Stage 2..................................................... 
(249,401)
327,076
(77,675)
-
Transfer to Stage 3..................................................... 
(2,474)
(263,241)
265,715
-
Foreign currency differences .....................................  
116,735 
1,159,984 
720,858 
1,997,577 
Balance as of 31 March 2022 ........................... 
3,746,344 
15,214,068 
12,947,621 
31,908,033 
Balances at beginning of period (1 January 2023)  
4,490,335 
20,906,952 
14,689,002 
40,086,289 
Additions during the period (+).................................
2,100,206
4,816,554
914,497
7,831,257
Disposal (-)................................................................
(3,246,685)
(2,498,169)
(1,041,828)
(6,786,682)
Debt sale (-)...............................................................
-
-
-
-
Write-offs (-)..............................................................
-
-
(731,982)
(731,982)
Transfer to Stage 1..................................................... 
1,479,324
(1,474,229)
(5,095)
-
Transfer to Stage 2..................................................... 
(472,978)
535,363
(62,385)
-
Transfer to Stage 3..................................................... 
(5,474)
(679,194)
684,668
-
Foreign currency differences .....................................  
55,233 
599,956 
107,150 
762,339 
Balance as of 31 March 2023 ........................... 
4,399,961 
22,207,233 
14,554,027 
41,161,221 
The Group’s NPL ratio was 2.4% as of 31 March 2023 as compared to 2.6% as of 31 December 2022, which change 
was principally the result of the increase in the size of the loan portfolio (i.e., a denominator effect). There were no NPL sales 
during the first quarter of either 2022 or 2023.

--- Page 99 ---
80 
The Group also reflects on its balance sheet a category of “loans under follow-up,” which are loans transferred to 
Stage 2 due to a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition based upon TFRS 9. This amount was 
TL 120,375,742 thousand as of 31 March 2023 (as compared to TL 107,204,867 thousand as of 31 December 2022), portions 
of which amount might later either be transferred to Stage 1 (i.e., when a loan becomes a loan in good standing) or be 
transferred to Stage 3 and treated as an NPL (and have related specific provisions) should a loan become non-performing. 
There were no additional general reserves in the first three months of either 2022 or 2023. The BRSA Interim 
Financial Statements were qualified with respect to general reserves that were allocated by the Group’s management. The 
provisions were taken in accordance with the conservatism principle applied by the Group in considering the circumstances 
that may arise from any changes in the economy or market conditions. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and 
its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit Qualification.” 
Write-off policy 
The general policy of the Bank regarding the write-off process for loans is to write-off a loan that has, during the 
legal follow-up process, been determined to be uncollectible. As information regarding write-offs is only reported by the 
Group on an annual basis, see: “Results of Operations for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 - Write-off 
Policy.” 
An amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation entered into force on 27 November 2019, 
which amendment enables Turkish banks to write down and move off their balance sheets the portion of a loan that is classified 
as a “Group V” loan (Loans Considered as Losses) if it cannot reasonably be expected to be recovered. As a result, the Bank 
performs both objective and subjective assessments of its Group V loans to determine whether there is such a reasonable 
expectation. 
In accordance with TFRS 9, provisions are provided for the portion of a loan that is not expected to be recovered. 
Accordingly, a loan that is classified in “Group V” and cannot reasonably be expected to be recovered (after considering the 
opinion of the department responsible) from the collection of such loan and/or the provisions provided for such loan can be 
subject to this write-down operation. In addition, a loan that meets the conditions set out below is assessed by the Bank as 
having lost its ability to be collected and thus can be written-down based upon the opinion of the relevant department: (a) 
such loan has been monitored as a non-performing loan for at least two years, (b) there has not been any collection on such 
loan in the last 6 months and (c) there not being any tangible collateral other than a pledge over movable assets. 
Personnel Expenses 
Personnel expenses include the salaries and wages that the Group pays to its employees. Personnel expenses 
increased by 111.3% to TL 4,274,087 thousand in the first three months of 2023 from TL 2,023,051 thousand in the same 
period of 2022. This increase was principally the result of higher wage levels due to salary increases driven by inflation. The 
Group’s management anticipates that the currently elevated level of Turkish inflation will result in higher personnel expenses 
in the remainder of 2023 and 2024. 
Other Operating Expenses 
The Group’s other operating expenses include traditional business expenses such as depreciation and amortisation 
expenses on tangible and intangible assets and operational lease-related expenses. Other operating expenses in the first three 
months of 2023 increased by 136.3% to TL 7,709,442 thousand from TL 3,262,472 thousand in the same period of the prior 
year, which change principally resulted from an increase in “other expenses,” which includes various normal course expenses 
such as legal expenses and utility charges, none of which is individually material. 
As noted above, as a banking institution, the Group’s management focuses closely on the Group’s efficiency and 
(within the context of maintaining the quality of its services) seeks to decrease its cost-to-income ratio. The Group’s cost-to-
income ratio (which includes both personnel expenses as well as other operating expenses) increased from 25.6% in full year 
2022 to 39.8% in the first three months of 2023, which change was due to increasing expenses, including as a result of multiple 
salary adjustments as a result of very high levels of inflation and donations relating to the February 2023 earthquakes. A 
similar ratio monitored by the Group is its operating expenses to average total assets ratio, which ratio was 3.3% during the 
first three months of 2023, increasing from 2.4% in full year 2022.

--- Page 100 ---
81 
The following table sets out the components of the Group’s other operating expenses for the indicated periods: 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2022 
2023 
 
(TL thousands)
Reserve for employee termination benefits..............................................
62,943
132,557
Impairment losses on tangible assets........................................................
1,525
-
Depreciation expenses of tangible assets .................................................
121,075
212,827
Impairment losses on intangible assets ....................................................
-
-
Amortisation expenses of intangible assets..............................................
67,539
95,218
Impairment losses on assets to be disposed..............................................
-
-
Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets ...........................................
92,506
139,411
Impairment losses on assets held for sale and discontinued assets ..........
765
201
Operational lease-related expenses ..........................................................
54,383
82,796
Repair and maintenance expenses............................................................
33,203
61,244
Advertisement expenses...........................................................................
50,117
122,769
Loss on sale of assets ...............................................................................
2,717
525
Other expenses(1)......................................................................................
1,885,837
5,116,796
Others(2) .................................................................................................... 
889,862 
1,745,098 
Other operating expenses ............................................................... 
3,262,472 
7,709,442 
____________ 
(1) Other expenses includes various normal course expenses such as legal expenses, utility charges, none of which is individually 
material. See note 5.4.7 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
(2) Others includes SDIF-related expenses, repayments of certain fees and commissions to customers and insurance business-
claim losses. See note 5.4.7 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
Provision for Taxes 
The Group is subject to different forms of income taxation in each market in which it has operations, although the 
principal driver is Turkish taxation of the Group’s income. Taxation and duties other than on income are included in operating 
expenses whereas taxation on income is applied to profit/(loss) before taxes in order to determine the Group’s net operating 
profit/(loss) after taxes. The provision for taxes for a particular period is a combination of the current tax charge, which is the 
tax that is calculated to apply to the taxable income for such period, and deferred tax charges/(credits), which reflect the 
Group’s calculation of taxes that it might be required to pay in the future as a result of certain events (e.g., mark-to-market 
increases in the valuation of financial assets, which would result in the payment of taxes should such financial asset be sold). 
Income taxation charges for the first three months of 2023 amounted to TL 4,510,972 thousand, which was a 41% 
decrease from TL 7,646,826 thousand in the same period of 2022. The Group’s taxation charges during the first three months 
of 2023 included a deferred tax credit of TL 1,899,951 thousand whereas in the same period of 2022 the deferred tax credit 
was TL 4,579,885 thousand, both as a result of improvements in mark-to-market valuation of derivative financial instruments. 
The change in the Group’s taxation charge in the first three months of 2023 as compared to the same period of the prior year 
reflects the change in the corporate tax rate described in the next paragraph. 
The corporate tax rate, which had been 20% since 1 January 2006, was temporarily increased to 22% for 2020, 
2021 and 2022 but was then further increased to 25% for the last three quarters of 2021 and 23% for fiscal periods that start 
2022. The Group’s effective income tax rate (calculated based upon its reported provision for taxes divided by its profit/(loss) 
before taxes) for the first three months of 2022 and 2023 was 24.0% and 14.5%, respectively. The deviations from the 
applicable tax rate in these periods were primarily due to the revaluation of fixed assets. In line with the TAS 12 standard for 
income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities are to be measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period 
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, in each case based upon the tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted 
(or substantively enacted) by the end of the reporting period. The Group thus has made deferred tax calculations according to 
the rates of 22%, 25% or 23%, as applicable, corresponding to the maturity of the assets and liabilities. 
Taxes on income from the Group’s non-Turkish operations were immaterial in the first three months of both 2022 
and 2023.

--- Page 101 ---
82 
Results of Operations for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 
Net Profit/(Loss) 
The Group’s net profit/(loss) for 2020 was TL 6,715,352 thousand, increasing by 102.3% to TL 13,587,564 thousand 
in 2021 and then increasing by a further 330.6% to TL 58,510,306 thousand in 2022. The net profit/(loss) for these three years 
was affected by certain exceptional items, which are quantified in the table below: 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Exceptional items
(TL thousands) 
General reserves(1).............................................................
2,150,000
2,850,000
500,000
Gain of asset sale...............................................................
-
(511,945)
(1,345,312)
NPL sale............................................................................
-
-
(284,401)
Administrative fine reversal..............................................
-
-
(160,038)
Tax effects of the items listed above .................................
- 
127,986 
236,020 
Total impact on net profit/(loss) .............................. 
2,150,000 
2,466,041 
(1,053,732) 
Net profit/(loss).................................................................
6,715,352 
13,587,564 
58,510,306 
Net profit/(loss) adjusted for exceptional items ..... 
8,865,352
16,053,605 
57,456,574 
 
  
 
 
(1) See “Provisions for Expected Credit Losses” above. As such general provisions are not permitted under the BRSA Principles, the 
Group’s independent auditors noted this departure in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements by qualifying their audit opinion. 
Should the Bank’s management determine that market conditions have improved to such an extent that such additional provisions 
are not required, then they might elect to reverse such reserves in future periods, which would have the result of increasing income 
in such period. 
Net profit/(loss) adjusted for exceptional items increased by 257.9% in 2022 from 2021, which itself increased by 
88.1% from 2020. In 2021, the increase was mainly due to increasing net interest income and fee income and lower net 
provisions. In 2022, the change was primarily driven by a significant increase in net interest income, including as a result of 
income of CPI-linked securities, as well as higher fees and significant trading income, all of which increased at a higher rate 
than the increase in operating expenses. 
Total Operating Profit 
As noted above, the Group’s total operating profit is comprised of its net interest income, net fees and commissions 
income/expenses, dividend income, net trading income/losses and other operating income. The following table identifies the 
share that these categories have represented in the Group’s total operating profit before taxes for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Net interest income............................................
64.1%
58.1%
141.9%
Net fees and commissions income/expenses .....
16.6%
14.8%
29.2%
Dividend income................................................
0.1%
0.0%
0.2%
Net trading income/losses..................................
1.8%
7.6%
16.9%
Other operating income .....................................
17.4%
19.4%
28.1%
Net Interest Income 
Net interest income represented 64.1%, 58.1% and 141.9% of the Group’s total operating profit in 2020, 2021 and 
2022, respectively. Net interest income amounted to TL 88,092,627 thousand in 2022, which was a 144.3% increase from 
TL 36,064,391 thousand in 2021, which itself was a 42.0% increase from TL 25,392,568 thousand in 2020. There has been a 
general decline in margins in the Turkish market from 2010 onwards as a result of increased competition across all sectors of 
the Group’s business; however, the Group’s net interest margins (as further described below) and volumes, especially in 
lending activities (as further described in “Assets - Loans” below), increased in 2021 and 2022. In 2021, upward repricing in 
the second half of the year and, in 2022, strong lending activity supported the Group’s interest income on loans. 
The Group’s net interest margin was 6.1%, 6.5% and 9.1%, respectively, in 2020, 2021 and 2022. In 2021, the net 
interest margin increased primarily due to increases in income on CPI-linked securities. In 2022, the Group’s core net interest 
margin also expanded, primarily due to lower funding costs, especially in the first half of the year, and an increase in interest 
income as a result of significant increases in loans.

--- Page 102 ---
83 
In 2021, the Group’s average spread decreased slightly, which was principally due to increased deposit costs when 
compared to 2020. In 2022, margin expansion was supported by increased income on CPI-linked securities and increases in 
the core spread. See also “– Significant Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Interest 
Rate Environment.” 
Interest Income. In 2022, the Group’s interest income increased by 120.6% to TL 132,800,968 thousand from 
TL 60,192,823 thousand in 2021, which itself was a 52.8% increase from TL 39,393,261 thousand in 2020. The following 
table sets out the interest-earnings on the Group’s interest-earning assets during each of the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Interest income on loans..........................................
30,919,973
45,580,108
85,245,876
Interest income on reserve deposits.........................
82,696
906,933
296,237
Interest income on banks.........................................
240,998
172,009
718,077
Interest income on money market transactions .......
749,549
2,061,232
2,760,820
Interest income on securities portfolio ....................
6,558,261
10,214,238
41,555,705
Financial lease income ............................................
505,551
738,060
1,565,010
Other interest income ..............................................
336,233 
520,243 
659,243 
Total interest income...................................... 
39,393,261 
60,192,823 
132,800,968 
As noted above, interest income is a function of both the volume of, and yield earned on, the Group’s interest-earning assets. 
In 2021, the increase in interest income was principally due to a 47.4% increase in “interest income on loans” resulting largely 
from increasing loan volumes and improved yields through the Group’s selective lending strategy on more profitable products. 
During the year, interest income on loans increased due in large part to increasing yields on loans, while interest income from 
securities decreased significantly due to lower interest on CPI-linked securities as inflation rates declined. In 2022, the 
contribution from CPI-linked securities increased due to the higher levels of inflation and increased lending activity also 
supported growth in the Group’s interest income on loans. 
The following table sets forth the average yield earned by the Bank (daily average) and the Group (quarterly average) 
on certain interest-earning assets for the indicated years. For additional information with respect to the Bank’s interest income 
during these years, including with respect to Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-denominated assets, see “Selected Statistical 
and Other Information – Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
– Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data” and “– Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis.” 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total average yield for the Bank 
10.63%
13.21%
17.36%
Deposits at banks................................
3.94%
9.81%
5.05%
Investments in securities ....................
12.21%
16.56%
31.61%
Loans and advances to customers.......
10.88%
12.92%
15.43%
Total average yield for the Group........... 
9.19%
10.82%
14.33%
The increase in the yield earned by the Bank in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily resulted from the income on CPI-
linked securities and core spread. In 2022, the increase in yields was largely due to the higher yield on CPI-linked securities 
as a result of increasing inflation and higher yields on loans in a high growth environment. 
Interest Expense. In 2022, the Group’s interest expense decreased by 85.3% to TL 44,708,341 thousand from 
TL 24,128,432 thousand in 2021, itself an increase of 72.3% from TL 14,000,693 thousand in 2020. The following table sets 
out the interest expense on the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities by category during each of the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Interest on deposits ...................................................
9,437,262
19,443,102
34,307,435
Interest on funds borrowed .......................................
1,347,055
1,256,488
3,184,986
Interest on money market transactions......................
333,448
372,542
1,105,104
Interest on securities issued ......................................
2,328,935
2,870,828
3,068,434
Lease interest expense ..............................................
133,480
127,852
173,890
Other interest expenses.............................................
420,513 
57,620 
2,868,492 
Total interest expense ....................................... 
14,000,693 
24,128,432 
44,708,341

--- Page 103 ---
84 
The increase in the Group’s interest expense in 2021 was principally in line with the increase in the size of its funding base 
and interest rates, whereas the increase in 2022 was the result of regulatory changes resulting in heavier competition among 
Turkish banks for Turkish Lira deposits. As noted above, changes in the interest rates that the Group pays on its interest-
bearing liabilities significantly affect the Group’s interest expense. As the Group’s interest-bearing deposits represent the 
largest portion of its liabilities (44.6%, 40.3% and 43.6%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022), the interest 
rates that the Group pays on its deposits typically have the largest impact on the Group’s interest expense. The following table 
sets forth the average interest rates paid by the Bank (daily average) and the Group (quarterly average) on interest-bearing 
deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Total interest rates for the Group .............. 
5.05% 
7.20% 
7.70% 
Total interest rates for the Bank ................ 
5.26% 
7.83% 
8.83% 
Deposits ................................................
5.01%
8.55%
9.00%
Short-term debt (one year or less).........
5.20%
5.49%
11.87%
Long-term debt .....................................
5.88%
5.48%
8.15%
Repurchase agreements.........................
7.66%
7.49%
8.67%
In 2022, the increase in the interest rates was principally due to the increased cost of foreign currency-denominated 
obligations (which, when translated into Turkish Lira terms, increased significantly as a result of the depreciation of the 
Turkish Lira). In 2022, deposit costs (particularly in the second half of the year) increased due to heavier competition among 
Turkish banks for Turkish Lira deposits as a result of regulatory changes implemented by the Central Bank as part of its 
Liraisation strategy. See “- Financial Condition - Liabilities” below. 
For additional information with respect to the Bank’s interest expense during these years, including with respect to 
the size of and yield paid on Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-denominated liabilities, see “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information – Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential – Liabilities 
– Average Interest-Bearing Liabilities” and “– Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis.” In 
addition, certain information on the interest rates paid by the Group on its interest-bearing liabilities can be found in “Selected 
Statistical and Other Information – Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities” below. 
Net Fees and Commissions Income/Expenses 
The Group’s net fees and commissions income/expenses for 2022 was TL 18,146,320 thousand, an increase of 97.4% 
from TL 9,194,510 thousand, itself an increase of 39.6% from TL 6,587,665 thousand in 2020. In 2021, the Group sustained 
strong growth momentum due particularly to the growth in credit cards, non-cash loan fees and money transfer fees. In 2022, 
the growth in net fees and commissions income was driven by increasing loan generation and higher transaction volumes as 
a result of increasing economic activity. 
The following table sets out the components of the Group’s fees and commissions income and expenses for the 
indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Fees and commissions income ......................... 
8,296,891 
12,552,178 
25,181,084 
Non-cash loans............................................
781,528
1,107,081
1,908,133
Others..........................................................
7,515,363
11,445,097
23,272,951
Fees and commissions expenses....................... 
1,709,226 
3,357,668 
7,034,764 
Non-cash loans............................................
23,250
45,293
71,015
Others .......................................................... 
1,685,976 
3,312,375 
6,963,749 
Net fees and commissions income/expenses.... 
6,587,665
9,194,510 
18,146,320
Dividend Income 
Dividend income of TL 22,178 thousand in 2020, TL 27,996 thousand in 2021 and TL 94,753 thousand in 2022 each 
represented less than 0.12% of the Group’s total operating profit for the year.

--- Page 104 ---
85 
Net Trading Income/Losses 
In 2020, the Group experienced a net trading gain of TL 702,894 thousand, which was followed by a net trading gain 
of TL 4,735,886 thousand and a net trading gain of TL 10,512,298 thousand, respectively, in 2021 and 2022. In 2020, the net 
trading gain primarily resulted from foreign currency buy and sell activity, which continued in 2021 and 2022 as a result of 
the high levels of volatility in the Turkish Lira, which gain more than offset swap funding costs. 
The following table sets out the categories of the Group’s net trading income/losses during each of the indicated 
years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Trading income 
 
Trading account income...............................
1,813,299
4,808,478
4,893,527
Derivative financial instruments..................
13,715,437
30,571,910
41,996,522
Foreign exchange gain ................................. 
142,355,207 
378,857,962 
242,447,739 
Total trading income ....................................... 
157,883,943 
414,238,350 
289,337,788 
Trading losses 
Trading account losses.................................
(1,238,967)
(1,746,525)
(3,082,272)
Derivative financial instruments..................
(19,936,534)
(35,822,342)
(64,115,593)
Foreign exchange losses .............................. 
(136,005,548) 
(371,933,597) 
(211,627,625) 
Total trading losses .......................................... 
(157,181,049) 
(409,502,464) 
(278,825,490) 
Net trading income/losses ........................ 
702,894
4,735,886
10,512,298
Other Operating Income 
Total other operating income was TL 6,550,123 thousand in 2020, increasing by 76.0% in 2021 to TL 11,525,710 
thousand and further increasing by 42.9% in 2022 to TL 16,465,378 thousand. The following table sets out the Group’s other 
operating income by category for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Prior Year Reversals.......................................................
4,579,702
8,663,167
10,381,297
Stage 1.......................................................................
1,317,604
3,392,115
4,614,011
Stage 2.......................................................................
1,645,664
3,056,972
2,695,178
Stage 3.......................................................................
1,421,253
1,934,748
2,800,678
Others........................................................................
195,181
279,332
271,430
Income from term sale of assets.....................................
138,213
511,945
623,848
Others.............................................................................
1,832,208
2,350,598
5,460,233
Other operating income ...........................................  
6,550,123 
11,525,710 
16,465,378 
In 2020, 2021 and 2022, non-performing loans, lease receivables and factoring receivables of the Bank and/or its 
consolidated financial subsidiaries amounting to TL 147,010 thousand, TL 665,407 thousand and TL 829,066 thousand, 
respectively, were sold. After reflecting the related provisions that had been provided for in prior periods, a gain from these 
sales amounting to TL 30,670 thousand, TL 7,699 thousand and TL 7,702 thousand, respectively, was recognised under “other 
operating income.”

--- Page 105 ---
86 
Provision for Losses on Loans or other Receivables 
The following table sets out the Group’s expected credit losses by category during each of the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Expected credit losses.................................................................................. 
14,330,950 
20,955,773 
26,005,040 
12 month ECL (Stage 1)..........................................................................
2,749,573
3,257,367
6,328,589
Significant increase in credit risk (Stage 2) ............................................
6,900,740
10,013,943
13,387,923
Impaired credits (Stage 3).......................................................................
4,680,637
7,684,463
6,288,528
Impairment losses on securities.................................................................. 
62,208 
86,577 
304,558 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss...............
56,806
86,577
304,558
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.....................................................................................................
5,402
-
-
Impairment losses on associates, subsidiaries and joint-ventures........... 
295,281 
86,674 
19,102 
Associates ..............................................................................................
295,281
-
19,102
Subsidiaries ............................................................................................
-
86,674
-
Joint-ventures (business partnership).....................................................
-
-
-
Others(1) ........................................................................................................ 
3,471,555 
7,407,816 
3,412,342 
Total .............................................................................................................. 
18,159,994 
28,536,840 
29,741,042 
____________ 
(1) Includes general reserves amounting to TL 2,150,000 thousand in 2020, TL 2,850,000 thousand in 2021 and TL 500,000 thousand 
in 2022. 
The following table sets out the Group’s expected credit losses for loans as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022: 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of period (1 January 2020) ....
1,227,132
4,033,583
12,182,934
17,443,649
Additions during the period (+).................................
3,491,928
8,268,724
2,422,590
14,183,242
Disposal (-)................................................................
(3,436,416)
(3,292,269)
(1,511,619)
(8,240,304)
Debt sale (-)...............................................................
-
-
(122,788)
(122,788)
Write-offs (-)..............................................................
-
-
(4,669,852)
(4,669,852)
Transfer to Stage 1..................................................... 
1,215,585
(1,210,967)
(4,618)
-
Transfer to Stage 2..................................................... 
(479,118)
492,688 
(13,570)
-
Transfer to Stage 3..................................................... 
(3,805)
(561,047)
564,852
-
Foreign currency differences .....................................  
173,905 
833,756 
1,367,155 
2,374,816 
Balance as of 31 December 2020 ..................... 
2,189,211 
8,564,468 
10,215,084 
20,968,763 
Additions during the period (+).................................
4,672,571
9,110,670
3,074,673
16,857,914
Disposal (-)................................................................
(5,388,472)
(5,138,799)
(1,635,436)
(12,162,707)
Debt sale (-)...............................................................
-
(8,191)
(654,887)
(663,078)
Write-offs (-)..............................................................
-
-
(3,499,529)
(3,499,529)
Transfer to Stage 1..................................................... 
1,869,814 
(1,861,372)
(8,442)
-
Transfer to Stage 2..................................................... 
(705,111)
885,154
(180,043)
-
Transfer to Stage 3..................................................... 
(18,396)
(1,492,548)
1,510,944 
-
Foreign currency differences .....................................  
318,293 
4,269,818 
3,362,670 
7,950,781 
Balance as of 31 December 2021 ..................... 
2,937,910 
14,329,200 
12,185,034 
29,452,144 
Additions during the period (+).................................
9,913,170
11,434,422
10,806,650
32,154,242
Disposal (-)................................................................
(11,443,476)
(5,271,309)
(2,179,547)
(18,894,332)
Debt sale (-)...............................................................
-
(76,277)
(762,572)
(838,849)
Write-offs (-)..............................................................
-
-
(8,255,121)
(8,255,121)
Transfer to Stage 1..................................................... 
3,660,263 
(3,649,806)
(10,457)
-
Transfer to Stage 2..................................................... 
(1,024,508)
1,121,382
(96,874)
-
Transfer to Stage 3..................................................... 
(18,367)
(1,286,569)
1,304,936
-
Foreign currency differences .....................................  
465,343 
4,305,909 
1,696,953 
6,468,205 
Balance as of 31 December 2022 ..................... 
4,490,335 
 20,906,952 
14,689,002 
40,086,289

--- Page 106 ---
87 
The Group’s NPL ratio was 4.5% as of 31 December 2020 and then decreased to 3.6% as of 31 December 2021 
before declining further to 2.6% as of 31 December 2022. The decline in 2021 was principally caused by the BRSA’s 
temporary forbearance measures and the Bank’s strong collection performance and significant increase in total loans whereas 
the decline in 2022 result from strong collection performance and loan growth. 
The effect of NPL sales on the Group’s NPL ratio was to reduce it by 0.04%, 0.13% and 0.10% in 2020, 2021 and 
2022, respectively (i.e., the NPL ratio for such periods would have been higher by such amounts had such sales not occurred). 
The Group also reflects on its balance sheet a category of “loans under follow-up,” which are loans transferred to 
Stage 2 due to a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition based upon TFRS 9. This amount was 
TL 59,278,424 thousand, TL 85,347,714 thousand and TL 107,204,867 thousand, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 
and 2022, portions of which amount might later either be transferred to Stage 1 (i.e., when a loan becomes a loan in good 
standing) or be transferred to Stage 3 and treated as an NPL (and have related specific provisions) should a loan become non-
performing. 
The Bank’s management increased the general reserves of TL 2,150,000 thousand (to TL 4,650,000 thousand) in 
2020, by TL 2,850,000 thousand (to TL 7,500,000 thousand) in 2021 and by TL 500,000 thousand (to TL 8,000,000 thousand) 
in 2022, in each case due to the possible effects of negative circumstances that might arise in the economy or in market 
conditions. The BRSA Annual Financial Statements were qualified with respect to general reserves that were allocated by the 
Group’s management. The provisions were taken in accordance with the conservatism principle applied by the Group in 
considering the circumstances that may arise from any changes in the economy or market conditions. See “Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – Audit Qualification.” 
Write-off policy 
As noted above, the general policy of the Group regarding the write-off process for loans is to write-off a loan that 
has, during the legal follow-up process, been determined to be uncollectible. Total loans written off from assets were 
TL 11,150 thousand, TL 63,380 thousand and TL 7,588,107 thousand, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, 
with the large increase in 2022 relating to one corporate loan that had been in restructuring for a number of years and for 
which the balance was written-off in the third quarter of 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Bank’s written-down “Group V” loans amounted to TL 10,837,948 thousand and the 
Bank’s consolidated subsidiaries’ written-down “Group V” loans amounted to TL 1,182,522 thousand (TL 9,447,212 
thousand and TL 1,122,610 thousand, respectively, as of 31 December 2021 and TL 4,013,937 thousand and TL 715,835 
thousand, respectively, as of 31 December 2020). 
Personnel Expenses 
Personnel expenses increased by 67.7% to TL 10,141,331 thousand in 2022 from TL 6,045,979 thousand in 2021, 
itself a 36.8% increase from TL 4,419,743 thousand in 2020. These increases were principally the result of higher wage levels 
due to salary increases driven by inflation. 
Other Operating Expenses 
As noted above, the Group’s other operating expenses include traditional business expenses such as depreciation and 
amortisation expenses on tangible and intangible assets and operational lease-related expenses. Other operating expenses in 
2022 increased by 89.5% to TL 17,425,279 thousand from TL 9,194,294 thousand in 2021, itself a 23.1% increase from 
TL 7,467,095 thousand in 2020. These increases principally resulted from an increase in “other expenses,” which includes 
various normal course expenses such as legal expenses and utility charges, none of which is individually material. 
The Group’s cost-to-income ratio (which includes both personnel expenses as well as other operating expenses) 
decreased from 51.4% in 2020 to 39.8% in 2021 and then further decreased to 25.6% in 2022. The changes were largely due 
to improved trading and fee income in 2021 and higher interest income on CPI-linked securities in 2022. The Group’s 
operating expenses to average total assets ratio was 2.4% in 2020, 2.3% in 2021 and 2.4% in 2022.

--- Page 107 ---
88 
The following table sets out the components of the Group’s other operating expenses for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
 
 
 
 
Reserve for employee termination benefits..............................................
109,294
161,030
245,142
Impairment losses on tangible assets .......................................................
98,951
455
995
Depreciation expenses of tangible assets .................................................
395,872
434,499
527,455
Impairment losses on intangible assets ....................................................
-
-
-
Amortisation expenses of intangible assets..............................................
165,387
187,094
288,556
Impairment losses on assets to be disposed .............................................
7,881
2,043
1,253
Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets ...........................................
340,696
321,121
425,767
Impairment losses on assets held for sale and discontinued assets ..........
3,635
1,985
3,286
Operational lease-related expenses ..........................................................
193,117
218,446
259,729
Repair and maintenance expenses............................................................
92,123
109,891
206,380
Advertisement expenses...........................................................................
171,995
271,046
472,760
Loss on sale of assets ...............................................................................
1,630
6,803
19,354
Other expenses(1)......................................................................................
4,216,336
5,170,121
11,212,250
Others(2) .................................................................................................... 
1,670,178 
2,309,760 
3,762,352 
Other operating expenses ............................................................... 
7,467,095 
9,194,294 
17,425,279 
____________ 
(1) Other expenses includes various normal course expenses such as legal expenses, utility charges, none of which is individually 
material. See note 5.4.7 in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
(2) Others includes SDIF-related expenses, repayments of certain fees and commissions to customers and insurance business-claim 
losses. See note 5.4.7 in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Provision for Taxes 
Income taxation charges for 2022 amounted to TL 20,844,000 thousand, which was a 291% increase from 
TL 5,324,625 thousand in 2021, which itself was a 17% increase from TL 2,833,433 thousand in 2020. The Group’s taxation 
charges for 2022 included a deferred tax credit of TL 2,366,554 thousand (primarily due to the revaluation of fixed assets) 
whereas 2021 included a deferred tax credit of TL 501,692 thousand and 2020 included a deferred tax charge of TL 1,726,541 
thousand (for each of 2020 and 2021, primarily as a result of improvements in mark-to-market valuation of derivative financial 
instruments). The changes in the Group’s taxation charges for 2021 and 2022 reflect the tax rate for the applicable year and 
changes in gains and losses that are not considered in calculations of taxable income. 
The Group’s effective income tax rate (calculated based upon its reported provision for taxes divided by its 
profit/(loss) before taxes) for 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 30.7%, 27.0% and 24.0%, respectively. The deviations from the 
applicable corporate tax rate of 22%, 25% and 23%, respectively, in these years were due to both general reserves and expected 
credit losses for Stage 1 and 2 loans not being deductible based upon the BRSA Principles. 
Taxes on income from the Group’s non-Turkish operations were immaterial in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022.

--- Page 108 ---
89 
Financial Condition 
The following summary balance sheet data for the indicated dates have been extracted from the Group’s BRSA 
Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) incorporated by reference herein. This information should be read in 
conjunction with such BRSA Financial Statements. 
Balance Sheet Data:
As of 31 December 
As of 31 March 
2020 
% 
2021 
% 
2022 
% 
2023 
% 
Assets: 
(TL thousands, except for percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents................................
94,253,040
17.4
216,797,764
25.5
271,499,741
20.8
323,317,898
22.0
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit/(loss) (FVTPL)(1)................................
8,382,731
1.5
7,839,033
0.9
5,771,459
0.4
6,601,144
0.4
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVOCI) ........
36,785,565
6.8
55,746,298
6.6
88,928,400
6.8
89,436,014
6.1
Derivative financial assets................................
4,614,552
0.9
17,790,069
2.1
11,035,218
0.8
12,503,064
0.8
Loans................................................................
350,233,129
64.7
492,589,718
57.9
761,104,244
58.4
826,530,016
56.2
Lease receivables..............................................
7,508,708
1.4
12,656,284
1.5
18,932,293
1.5
20,902,289
1.4
Factoring receivables........................................
2,926,569
0.5
4,216,600
0.5
9,542,402
0.7
11,121,701
0.8
Other financial assets measured at amortised 
cost ...................................................................
33,238,911
6.1
40,167,047
4.7
110,019,856
8.4
147,827,484
10.0
Expected credit losses.......................................
(21,136,046)
(3.9)
(29,499,327)
(3.5)
(40,552,805)
(3.1)
(41,780,671)
(2.8)
Assets held for sale and assets of discontinued 
operations(1)..................................................
931,753
0.2
585,948
0.1
780,418
0.1
831,858
0.1
Ownership investments (net)............................
601,007
0.1
1,164,524
0.1
2,280,962
0.2
2,750,319
0.2
Tangible assets.................................................
5,960,071
1.1
6,106,320
0.7
11,788,007
0.9
13,910,719
0.9
Intangible assets...............................................
614,398
0.1
963,650
0.1
1,263,022
0.1
1,372,268
0.1
Investment property .........................................
561,525
0.1
652,633
0.1
926,800
0.1
1,226,000
0.1
Current tax assets .............................................
88,983
0.0
30,727
0.0
9,604
0.0
86,008
0.0
Deferred tax assets ...........................................
3,640,403
0.7
4,443,291
0.5
7,105,391
0.5
12,479,541
0.8
Other assets ......................................................  
12,142,018 
2.2 
18,225,021 
2.1 
43,143,471 
3.3 
42,548,769 
2.9 
Total assets .............................................
541,347,315 
100.0 
850,475,600 
100.0 
1,303,578,483 
100.0 
1,471,664,421 
100.0 
Liabilities: 
Deposits ...........................................................
358,100,348
66.2
582,833,426
68.5
908,739,459
69.7
1,039,895,213
70.7
Funds borrowed................................................
26,620,183
4.9
43,626,729
5.1
45,856,723
3.5
46,486,018
3.2
Money markets funds.......................................
3,163,978
0.6
15,942,789
1.9
24,299,009
1.9
36,810,668
2.5
Securities issued (net).......................................
22,817,081
4.2
25,644,871
3.0
17,608,189
1.4
8,529,632
0.6
Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL ..........
16,137,939
3.0
24,183,368
2.8
32,020,818
2.5
30,963,251
2.1
Derivative financial liabilities ..........................
8,536,890
1.6
13,428,735
1.6
10,952,360
0.8
12,360,867
0.8
Lease payables .................................................
1,026,367
0.2
1,070,038
0.1
1,459,250
0.1
1,695,793
0.1
Provisions.........................................................
10,035,571
1.9
14,720,023
1.7
21,476,401
1.6
21,917,719
1.5
Current tax liability ..........................................
2,296,347
0.4
2,972,915
0.3
8,050,327
0.6
12,438,599
0.8
Deferred tax liability ........................................
48,863
0.0
55,096
0.0
197,828
0.0
70,583
0.0
Subordinated debts...........................................
6,598,969
1.2
10,911,505
1.3
15,245,929
1.2
16,133,047
1.1
Other liabilities.................................................
23,121,074 
4.3 
34,785,250 
4.1 
64,548,070 
5.0 
69,945,907 
4.8 
Total liabilities........................................
478,503,610
88.4
770,174,745
90.6
1,150,454,363
88.3
1,297,247,297
88.1
Shareholders’ equity ..............................  
62,843,707 
11.6 
80,300,855 
9.4 
153,124,120 
11.7 
174,417,124 
11.9 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ 
equity ......................................................  
541,347,317 
100.0 
850,475,600 
100.0 
1,303,578,483 
100.0 
1,471,664,421  
100.0 
___________ 
(1) As disclosed in Note 5.1.2.2 of the Group’s Annual Financial Statements dated as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, financial assets 
measured at fair value through profit/(loss) includes an impaired loan (later converted into equity) amounting to US$756,288,034 and 
US$769,872,381, respectively, as of 31 December 2020 and 2021 provided to one corporate borrower, the fair value of which was determined to be 
TL 4,500,540 thousand and TL 4,483,939 thousand, respectively, as of such dates. Such loan was written-off on 30 September 2022. 
The following summary balance sheet data have been extracted from the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements incorporated 
by reference herein. This information should be read in conjunction with such BRSA Financial Statements. 
Assets 
As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s total assets amounted to TL 1,471,664,421 thousand, a 12.9% increase from 
TL 1,303,578,483 thousand as of 31 December 2022, itself a 53.3% increase from TL 850,475,600 thousand as of 
31 December 2021, which itself was a 57.1% increase from TL 541,347,317 thousand as of 31 December 2020. Cash and 
balances with central banks (and, after a change to the presentation of the financial statements as per new rules introduced by 
the BRSA, cash and cash equivalents) represented 17.4%, 25.2%, 20.8% and 22.0% of the Group’s total assets as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, respectively, as most of the Group’s funds are invested in interest-
earning assets. The following describes the Group’s loans and financial assets (including: (a) financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss, (b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) financial

--- Page 109 ---
90 
assets measured at amortised cost), which jointly represented 77.2%, 68.6%, 73.2% and 72.1%, respectively, of the Group’s 
total assets as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023. 
Loans. Loans to customers represented 64.7%, 57.9%, 58.4% and 56.2% of the Group’s total assets as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, respectively. The Group’s loans amounted to TL 826,530,016 
thousand as of 31 March 2023, a 8.6% increase from TL 761,104,244 thousand as of 31 December 2022, itself a 54.5% 
increase from TL 492,589,718 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which itself was a 40.6% increase from TL 350,233,129 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. Note 5.1.5 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements provides significant details 
about the breakdown of the Group’s loan portfolio, including information on performing loans, collateral, maturity, consumer 
loan breakdown and provisions. 
This growth was spread across a wide range of groups and industries, reflecting the Group’s ability to meet the strong 
demand for consumer loans and loans to certain industry sectors (including energy and transportation vehicles) and the impact 
of the KGF programme. While the energy sector in Türkiye was under pressure in recent years due to volatile energy prices, 
the Bank’s management expects recovery in this sector since the energy prices have stabilised. The Bank has allocated high 
levels of provisions for loans granted to the energy sector. On the other hand, the Bank has a low direct exposure to the real 
estate sector and benefits from state guarantees for its loans to various large infrastructure projects. While the growth in 
Turkish Lira-denominated loans during 2021 and 2022 was balanced across categories, consumer loans and credit cards were 
the primary drivers in 2021. In the first half of 2022, Turkish Lira-denominated business banking loan growth was stronger; 
however, this growth declined in the second half of the year due to certain regulatory changes whereas the growth in credit 
card and consumer loans picked up pace. With respect to foreign currency-denominated loans, there were declines of 6.6% 
and 9.8% (calculated in U.S. dollar terms) during 2021 and 2022, respectively, principally due to redemptions and decreased 
demand for new loans. In the first three months of 2023, the growth in Turkish Lira-denominaed loans (10.6%) was below 
the sector’s growth due to a decline in Turkish Lira-denominated business banking loans; however, consumer loans and credit 
card loans continued to deliver strong growth. Unlike recent years, foreign currency-denominated loans increased by 7.1% in 
U.S. dollar terms as a result of growth in export loans. 
In 2022, the Group’s NPLs increased by 10.6% to TL 20,289,804 thousand as of 31 December 2022 from 
TL 18,344,496 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself a 13.8% increase from TL 16,118,312 thousand as of 31 December 
2020. In the first three months of 2023, the Group’s NPLs increased by 1.3% to TL 20,557,159 thousand. In 2021 and 2022, 
the changes in NPLs were due to small increases in new NPL flows that exceeded collections, whereas the slight change over 
the first quarter of 2023 was the result of strong collection performance and limited NPL inflows. 
As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, the Group’s restructured loans amounted to 
TL 19,983,862 thousand, TL 43,324,432 thousand, TL 47,882,654  thousand and TL 48,686,573  thousand, respectively. For 
additional information on the movement of the NPL balances in the Group’s balance sheet, see note 5.1.5.10 in the Group’s 
BRSA Interim Financial Statements. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s NPL ratio decreased to 3.6% from 4.5% as of 31 December 2020, which 
decrease was primarily due to the denominator effect during a time of high lending growth. In 2022, the Group’s NPL ratio 
further decreased to 2.5%, which decline was principally the result of high lending growth compared to the limited net NPL 
inflows and TL 12,020,470 thousand in write-downs. The NPL ratio (after adjusting for write-downs) in 2022 would have 
been 4.0%.The NPL ratio then declined yet again to 2.4% as of 31 March 2023, which decline was (similar to the previous 
years) due to significant increase in loans during a time of limited NPL inflows and TL 12,769,166 thousand in write-downs 
in the first quarter of 2023 (which write-downs reduced the NPL ratio to 3.8%. 
For additional information on the Group’s loan portfolio, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information – 
Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential – Average Balance Sheet 
and Interest Data” and “– Summary of Loan Loss Experience.” 
Financial Assets. Financial assets (including: (a) financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, (b) 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and (c) financial assets measured at amortised 
cost), principally Turkish government securities, have historically represented a significant portion of the Group’s assets. As 
of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, investment securities represented 13.7%, 11.7%, 15.7% and 16.6%, 
respectively, of the Group’s total assets. In each of these periods, the change in investment securities as a portion of the 
Group’s total assets was the result of the Bank’s focus on lending. The following table provides information as to the 
breakdown of the Group’s financial asset portfolio (excluding derivative financial assets held for trading) as of the indicated 
dates:

--- Page 110 ---
91 
As of 31 December 
As of 31 March 
2020 
% 
2021 
% 
2022 
% 
2023 
% 
(TL thousands, except for percentages)
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit/(loss)
 
 
Government securities .........................................
2,913,471
4.0
1,749,900
1.8
2,513,999
1.2
2,866,019
1.2
Equity securities...................................................
601,888
0.8
1,126,948
1.1
2,647,455
1.3
3,178,781
1.3
Other financial assets...........................................
366,832 
0.5 
478,246 
0.5 
551,121 
0.3 
534,364 
0.2 
Total financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit/(loss)...........................................
3,882,191
5.3
3,355,094
3.4
5,712,575
2.8
6,579,164
2.7
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
 
 
 
 
 
 
Government securities .........................................
31,639,296
42.9
44,649,942
45.0
77,097,126
37.8
77,295,436
31.8
Equity securities...................................................
312,816
0.4
521,200
0.5
1,022,719
0.5
1,293,219
0.5
Other financial assets...........................................
4,833,453 
6.6 
10,575,156 
10.7 
10,808,555 
5.3 
10,847,359 
4.5 
Total financial assets measured at FVOCI.......
36,785,565
49.9
55,746,298
56.2
88,928,400
43.6
89,436,014
36.8
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Government securities.........................................
33,172,271
45.0
40,077,835
40.4
105,264,533
51.6
141,274,836
58.1
Other financial assets...........................................
66,640 
0.1 
89,212 
0.1 
4,755,323 
2.3 
6,552,648 
2.7 
Total financial assets measured at amortised 
cost......................................................................
33,238,911 
45.1 
40,167,047 
40.5 
110,019,856 
53.9 
147,827,484 
60.8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expected credit losses (-) .........................................
(167,283) 
(0.2) 
(47,183) 
0.0 
(466,516) 
(0.2) 
(619,450) 
(0.3) 
Total...................................................................
73,739,384 
100.0 
99,221,256 
100.0 
204,194,315 
100.0 
243,223,212 
100.0 
As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, respectively, securities issued by Türkiye represented 91.6%, 
87.1%, 90.3% and 90.8% of the Group’s securities portfolio consisting of: (a) financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss (excluding derivative financial assets), (b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income and (c) financial assets measured at amortised cost. 
The most significant changes in the Group’s securities portfolio from 2020 through the first three months of 2023 
was the increase in holdings of Turkish government securities held as financial assets measured at amortised cost in the table 
above, which increased from 45.0% of the Group’s total investment securities portfolio as of 31 December 2020 to 40.4% as 
of 31 December 2021, 51.6% as of 31 December 2022 and 58.1% as of 31 March 2023. 
Pursuant to Turkish market practice, the Group pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase 
agreements. The Group utilises such funding depending upon the difference in rates paid on deposits compared to Central 
Bank rates, which vary based upon market conditions as well as Central Bank policy. The securities in its securities portfolio 
that were so pledged amounted to TL 301,643 thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 10,288,526 thousand as of 31 December 
2021, TL 24,788,685 thousand as of 31 December 2022 and TL 42,433,653 thousand as of 31 March 2023, comprising 0.4%, 
9.9%, 12.1% and 17.4%, respectively, of the Group’s total securities portfolio. 
For additional information on the Group’s securities portfolio, see notes 5.1.2, 5.1.3 and 5.1.8 in the Group’s BRSA 
Interim Financial Statements and “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Securities Portfolio.” 
Liabilities 
As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to TL 1,297,247,297 thousand, a 12.76% increase from 
TL 1,150,454,363 thousand as of 31 December 2022, itself a 14.94% increase TL 770,174,745 thousand as of 31 December 
2021, which itself was a 61.0% increase from TL 478,503,610 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
The Group’s TL 723,390,569 thousand in average interest-bearing liabilities during the first three months of 2023 
resulted primarily from average time deposits of customers (85.1%), average funds borrowed (6.4%) and average securities 
issued (1.2%). These same categories represented 75.4%, 10.8% and 8.8%, respectively, of the Group’s TL 256,345,517 
thousand in average interest-bearing liabilities during 2020, 77.3%, 10.4% and 6.6%, respectively, of the Group’s 
TL 321,806,354 thousand in average interest-bearing liabilities during 2021 and 80.5%, 8.9% and 4.1%, respectively, of the 
Group’s TL 536,903,774 thousand in average interest-bearing liabilities during 2022.

--- Page 111 ---
92 
The following summarises the three principal categories of the Group’s liabilities - deposits, funds borrowed and 
securities issued. 
Deposits. Deposits have been and are expected to continue to be the most important source of funding for the Group. 
The Group’s total deposits amounted to TL 1,039,895,213 thousand as of 31 March 2023, a 12.6% increase from 
TL 908,739,459 thousand as of 31 December 2022, itself a 55.9% increase from TL 582,833,426 thousand as of 31 December 
2021, which itself was a 62.76% increase from TL 358,100,348 thousand as of 31 December 2020. Foreign currency deposits 
(principally U.S. dollars and euro) represented 60.3%, 69.4%, 53.2% and 46.0% of the Group’s total deposits as of 
31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, respectively. For additional information on the Group’s deposits, see 
note 5.2.1 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements and “Selected Statistical and Other Information - Deposits.” 
Funds borrowed. As deposits are generally of a short-term duration, the Group has obtained wholesale funding on a 
more limited basis principally to better match the maturity and currency of its longer-term assets. This funding has included 
the Bank’s borrowings (including syndicated bank loans) and financings collateralised by certain of the wire transfers and 
other remittances received by the Bank from its correspondent banks and other senders of such transfers. Funds borrowed 
amounted to TL 46,486,018 thousand as of 31 March 2023 (3.2% of the Group’s total liabilities), TL 45,856,723 thousand as 
of 31 December 2022 (3.5% of the Group’s total liabilities), TL 43,626,729 thousand as of 31 December 2021 (5.1% of the 
Group’s total liabilities) and TL 26,620,183 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (4.9% of the Group’s total liabilities). A portion 
of these liabilities (either when incurred or as a result of aging) are themselves short-term (as of 31 March 2023, 12.0% of 
funds borrowed were “short term” (i.e., having a remaining term-to-maturity of one year or less) as compared to 20.7%, 13.0% 
and 9.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022). For additional information on the Group’s funds borrowed, 
see note 5.2.2 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements and “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Funds 
Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities.” 
Securities issued. Securities issued amounted to TL 8,529,632 thousand as of 31 March 2023, constituting 0.6% of 
the Group’s total liabilities, decreasing its share of the Group’s total liabilities as compared to TL 17,608,189 thousand as of 
31 December 2022 (1.4% of the Group’s total liabilities), TL 25,644,871 thousand as of 31 December 2021 (3.0% of the 
Group’s total liabilities) and TL 22,817,081 thousand as of 31 December 2020 (4.2% of the Group’s total liabilities). In 2021, 
the decline was due to the Bank’s strategy for its wholesale portfolio, taking into consideration the high liquidity levels of the 
Bank and unfavourable market conditions for new issuances. In 2022 and the first three months of 2023, the Bank adopted 
the same strategy backed by high levels of liquidity; utilising bilateral loans and rolling over syndicated loans in 2022, which 
continued in the first three months of 2023 by only rolling over a syndicated loan but not refinancing a maturing eurobond. 
The share of the outstanding balances of such transactions in the Group’s balance sheet changes depending upon the relative 
costs of funding in the market; however, it has increased in recent years due to the Group’s successful use of the Programme 
(which it launched in 2013). For additional information on the Group’s securities issued, see note 5.2.4 in the Group’s BRSA 
Interim Financial Statements. 
Shareholders’ Equity 
The Group’s total shareholders’ equity as of 31 March 2023 amounted to TL 174,417,124 thousand, an increase of 
13.9% from TL 153,124,120 thousand as of 31 December 2022, which was an increase of 90.7% from TL 80,300,855 
thousand as of 31 December 2021, which itself was a 28.7% increase from TL 62,409,195 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Shareholders’ equity principally changes as a result of the Group’s net profit/(loss) and changes in the amount of unrealised 
gains and losses on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (which changes are not 
included in profit/(loss)). The following tables summarise the components of the Group’s shareholders’ equity as of the 
indicated dates:

--- Page 112 ---
93 
As of 31 December 
As of 31 March 
2023 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Paid-in capital......................................................
4,200,000
4,200,000
4,200,000
4,200,000
Capital reserves ...................................................
784,434
784,434
784,434
784,434
Other comprehensive income/expense items not to 
be recycled to profit or loss..............................
1,712,571
1,852,255
4,561,421
9,484,838
Other comprehensive income/expense items to be 
recycled to profit or loss...................................
2,980,346
7,191,703
19,914,049
20,910,687
Profit reserves......................................................
46,078,019
51,937,355
63,782,784
63,801,630
Profit/(loss)..........................................................
7,048,934
14,015,592
59,396,697
74,762,540
Minority interest ..................................................
247,679 
319,516 
484,735 
472,995 
Total shareholders’ equity ...........................  
62,843,707 
80,300,855 
153,124,120 
174,417,124 
For additional information on the Group’s shareholders’ equity, see note 5.2.14 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial 
Statements. In addition, see “Capital Adequacy” below. 
The Bank’s dividend policy is to distribute up to 30% of the distributable net profit subject (as is required by law) to 
the approval of the BRSA. With respect to 2020 net income, the BRSA allowed banks to distribute up to 10% of their 
distributable net income and, accordingly, the Bank distributed in April 2021 10% of its distributable net income for the year 
2020. With respect to 2021 and 2022 net income, the BRSA limits for distributions were 10% and 15%, respectively, of a 
bank’s distribution net income, which maximum amounts the Bank elected to distributed. See “Ownership - Dividends and 
Dividend Policy.” 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies 
In the normal course of business in order to meet the needs of its customers and to hedge the Group’s own positions 
(and generally not for speculative purposes), the Group enters into certain off-balance sheet transactions. These transactions 
expose the Group to credit risk that is not reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The Group applies to these transactions the 
same credit policies in making commitments and assuming conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet transactions, 
including the requirement to obtain collateral when it is considered necessary. 
The Group generates significant amounts of fees from these transactions while incurring a very small amount of 
credit losses thereon as almost all of these transactions expire without any need for payment by the Group (for example, a 
letter of credit expiring when the related buyer of goods makes its payment to the seller). Since many of the commitments are 
expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
The most significant category of such transactions includes letters of guarantee, letters of credit, bank acceptances 
and other support that the Group provides to its import and export customers, as well as off-balance sheet exposure for 
derivative financial instruments and the Group’s commitments to make loans to its borrowers. 
The following summarises the three principal categories of the Group’s off-balance sheet exposures – letters of credit 
and similar transactions, commitments to customers under credit facilities and derivative financial instruments. See also 
note 5.3 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial Statements for additional information. 
Guarantees and sureties. Most of the Group’s letters of guarantee and credit were issued (or confirmed) in connection 
with the export and trade finance-related activities of the Group’s customers. The following table summarises the Group’s 
exposure under such transactions as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Letters of guarantee........................................
65,332,869
104,364,646
187,090,406
218,825,014
Letters of credit ..............................................
13,163,222
25,954,648
35,059,723
41,374,505
Bank acceptances ...........................................
2,173,451
2,751,737
3,918,563
3,956,838
Endorsements .................................................
-
1,128,961
5,653,771
10,739,378
Other guarantees.............................................
125,852 
258,782 
646,094 
940,030 
Total guarantees and sureties ..................  
80,795,394 
134,458,774 
232,368,557 
275,835,765

--- Page 113 ---
94 
The Group generates significant amounts of fees from these transactions while incurring a very small amount of 
credit losses thereon as almost all of these transactions expire without any need for payment by the Group (for example, a 
letter of credit that expires when the related buyer of goods makes its payment to the seller). The Group has not, since the 
beginning of 2020, experienced any material credit events with respect to its guarantees and sureties. The Group accounts for 
expected credit losses for non-cash exposures, including irrevocable unused credit card limits, at initial recognition by using 
credit conversion factors in line with TFRS 9. 
Commitments. The Group’s “commitments” are composed principally of unused credit limits for credit cards, 
overdrafts, checks and loans to customers and commitments for credit-linked-notes, under which the Group has unused 
commitments of TL 391,642,881 thousand as of 31 March 2023, an increase of 57.0% from TL 249,499,657 thousand as of 
31 December 2022, itself an increase of 78.1% from TL 140,074,237 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which itself was an 
increase of 33.6% from TL 104,828,423 thousand as of 31 December 2020. These increases are consistent with the general 
growth of the Group’s lending business, including its credit card business. 
Derivative Financial Instruments. The Group’s exposure to derivative transactions arises principally in connection 
with customer-dealing and funding activities. The Group also enters into certain derivatives transactions in order to hedge its 
currency, interest rate and other risks. The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with domestic and foreign 
counterparties that it considers to be creditworthy (mostly with an investment grade rating) or, in most cases, that are fully 
secured. As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s face values of outstanding derivative contracts arising from various derivatives 
amounted to TL 49,361,074 thousand, a 95.4% decrease from TL 1,081,008,221 thousand, itself a 49.1% increase from 
TL 725,086,638 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which was itself a 52.7% increase from TL 474,690,525 thousand as of 
31 December 2020. The changes resulted from currency swap transactions and interest rate swaps entered into for the Group 
and its customers mainly in order to hedge the positions against the volatility in exchange rates and interest rates in the markets. 
See note 5.3.2 in the BRSA Interim Financial Statements and, for a breakdown of the Group’s commitments arising from 
derivatives as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, see “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Derivative 
Transactions.” 
Governments in the United States, Europe and elsewhere have made or are expected to make changes in laws relating 
to derivatives transactions, including how they settle. The Bank’s management does not anticipate that such changes will have 
a material adverse effect on its ability to obtain reasonably priced hedges for its currency, interest rate and other risks; however, 
the volatility in the markets in recent years has made certain derivatives more expensive than in previous years and such 
increased costs might make the Group’s hedging operations less cost-effective. 
Capital Adequacy 
Each of the Bank and the Group is required to comply with capital adequacy guidelines promulgated by the BRSA, 
which are based upon the standards established by the Bank of International Settlements. These guidelines require banks to 
maintain adequate levels of regulatory capital against risk-bearing assets and off-balance sheet exposures. In accordance with 
these guidelines, each of the Bank and the Group must maintain a total capital ratio in excess of 8% calculated in accordance 
with BRSA regulations. In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% 
higher than the legal capital ratio (see “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Capital Adequacy” for further details). 
In order to implement the rules of the report entitled “A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks 
and Banking Systems” published by the Basel Committee in December 2010 and revised in June 2011 (i.e., Basel III) into 
Turkish law, the Equity Regulation and amendments to the then-existing capital adequacy regulation each entered into force 
on 1 January 2014. Subsequently, the BRSA replaced such capital adequacy regulation with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, 
which entered into force on 31 March 2016. The Equity Regulation defines capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal 
capital (i.e., Tier 1 capital), which is composed of core capital (i.e., Common Equity Tier 1 capital) and additional principal 
capital (i.e., additional Tier 1 capital) and (b) supplementary capital (i.e., Tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to 
the Capital Adequacy Regulation: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum common equity Tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratios are 4.5% and (ii) both unconsolidated and consolidated minimum Tier 1 capital adequacy ratios are 6.0%; 
however, due to the application of certain requirements (including the D-SIBs requirements, which only applies on a 
consolidated basis), such ratios as they apply to the Bank as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 7.03% and 8.53%, 
respectively, on a Bank-only basis and 8.64% and 10.14%, respectively, on a Group basis. 
In calculating its capital adequacy ratios, the Capital Adequacy Regulation allows the Bank to use ratings of eligible 
external credit assessment institutions (namely Fitch, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody’s, Japan Credit 
Rating Agency, Ltd., DBRS Ratings Ltd. and International Islamic Rating Agency) while calculating the risk-weighted assets 
for capital adequacy purposes. Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch downgraded certain credit ratings of Türkiye, and both

--- Page 114 ---
95 
Moody’s and Fitch downgraded certain ratings of the Bank, in 2020, 2021 and/or 2022 (S&P does not provide a credit rating 
for the Bank). According to guidance published by the BRSA on 24 February 2017, foreign exchange-required reserves held 
with the Central Bank are subject to a 0% risk weight, which amendment offset the negative impact on capital adequacy that 
otherwise would have resulted from past downgrades of Türkiye. See “The Group and its Business - Credit Ratings.” 
The Group maintains regulatory capital adequacy ratios on both a Bank-only and consolidated basis in excess of the 
regulatory minimums required and recommended levels. The Group’s Tier 1 and common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy 
ratios decreased from 14.3% as of 31 December 2020 to 13.8% as of 31 December 2021 and then increased to 16.2% as of 
31 December 2022 before decreasing to 14.0% as of 31 March 2023 (15.8%, 15.4%, 18.1% and 15.8%, respectively, with 
respect to the Bank). The Group’s total capital adequacy ratio decreased from 16.9% as of 31 December 2020 to 16.7% as of 
31 December 2021 and then increased to 18.6% as of 31 December 2022 before declining to 16.2% as of 31 March 2023 
(18.5%, 18.5%, 20.6% and 18.0%, respectively, with respect to the Bank). On 31 January 2023, the BRSA announced that 
capital adequacy ratio calculations until such date as determined by the BRSA may be calculated using the Central Bank’s 
foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 (and, though the Bank did not apply this potential forbearance) also 
that negative revaluation differences of securities classified under “financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income” need not be included in the capital calculation. If such measure had not been taken into account, then 
the Group’s total capital adequacy ratios as of 31 December 2022 and 31 March 2023 would decline to 16.8% and 15.9%, 
respectively (18.9% and 17.8%, respectively, with respect to the Bank). 
The following table sets out information on the Group’s capital and its capital adequacy ratios as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Paid-in capital......................................................................
4,200,000
4,200,000
4,200,000
4,200,000
Paid-in capital inflation adjustment.....................................
772,554
772,554
772,554
772,554
Reserves ..............................................................................
45,869,743
51,937,355
63,782,784
63,801,630
Profit....................................................................................
6,513,366
14,015,592
59,396,697
65,986,167
Tier 1 Capital (I)..................................................................
61,854,002
80,688,398
152,025,140
164,693,988
Tier 2 Capital (II) ................................................................
11,161,116
17,014,510
22,370,738
24,831,422
Deductions (III)...................................................................
1,884
2,984
82
672
Own Funds (I+II-III) ...........................................................
73,013,234
97,699,924
174,395,796
189,524,738
Risk Weighted Assets (including market and operational 
risk) .....................................................................................
432,914,519
585,131,580
937,541,310
1,172,368,998
 
Capital Ratios: 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio ...............................................
14.3%
13.8%
16.2%
14.0%
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio.....................
14.3%
13.8%
16.2%
14.0%
Total capital adequacy ratio(1) .............................................
16.9%
16.7%
18.6%
16.2%
 
  
 
(1) 
On 17 June 2021 (as revised multiple times thereafter), the BRSA announced that capital adequacy ratio calculations until such date as determined 
by the BRSA may be calculated using a favourable foreign exchange rate. If such measure had not been taken into account, then the Group’s Tier 1, 
common equity Tier 1 and total capital adequacy ratios would decline to 11.32%, 11.32%, and 13.98%, respectively, as of 31 December 2021, 
14.50%, 14.50%, and 16.78%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 and 13.75%, 13.75%, and 15.86%, respectively, as of 31 March 2023. 
The significant increases in the Group’s capital in 2021 and 2022 represented the growth in the Group’s retained earnings 
despite the significant depreciation of the Turkish Lira. In the first three months of 2023, the Group’s capital continued to 
increase due to the income generated by the Group, which more than offset the impact of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. 
Please see: (a) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Turkish Economy” with respect 
to the negative impact on the capital ratios resulting from the depreciation of the Turkish Lira and positive (but likely 
temporary) impacts of certain regulatory accommodations provided by the BRSA and (b) “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to 
Türkiye - Economic Conditions - Inflation” with respect to the potential distorting impact of high inflation, including the use 
of non-inflation-adjusted figures in the BRSA Financial Statements. 
Liquidity and Funding 
The Group manages its assets and liabilities to seek to ensure that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its present and 
future financial obligations and that it is able to take advantage of appropriate business opportunities as they arise. Liquidity

--- Page 115 ---
96 
risk represents the potential for loss as a result of limitations on the Group’s ability to adjust future cash flows to meet the 
needs of depositors and borrowers and to fund operations on a timely and cost-effective basis. Financial obligations arise from 
withdrawals of deposits, repurchase transactions, extensions of loans or other forms of credit and the Group’s own working 
capital needs. 
The ability to maintain or replace interest-bearing deposits is a key factor in determining liquidity requirements, as 
well as the exposure to interest and exchange rate risks. The Group’s principal sources of funding are short-term and demand 
deposits and the Group has developed a diversified and stable deposit base in each of its retail, commercial, corporate and 
SME business lines, including having one of the largest shares of the Turkish demand deposit market. The Bank’s management 
believes that funds from the Group’s deposit-taking operations generally will continue to meet its liquidity needs for the 
foreseeable future; however, maturities of large borrowings or securities offerings do from time to time require the Group to 
have sufficient liquidity on hand, which does require the Group to closely monitor market conditions for potential 
opportunities to obtain replacement financing on a cost-effective basis. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 
2023, the Group’s loan-to-deposit ratio was 96.2%, 84.3%, 84.7% and 80.6%, respectively. The change in 2021resulted from 
relatively moderate loan growth whereas the change in 2022 was due to the growth in deposits exceeding the growth in loans 
and the impact of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. For additional information on deposits, see “Selected Statistical and 
Other Information - Deposits.” 
To a lesser extent, the Group also funds its operations through short-term and long-term borrowings, eurobond 
issuances and other domestic and international transactions. The Bank uses the relationships that it develops with its 
correspondent banks in connection with international payment and trade-related finance activities to raise funds from the 
syndicated loan markets. The Bank has also capitalised on its ability to generate foreign currency-denominated payments 
from abroad (such as diversified payment rights) by tapping international capital markets through “future flow” transactions. 
See “Selected Statistical and Other Information – Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities.” 
The Bank has issued various Series of Notes under the Programme, including some small and/or short-term private 
transactions. The Bank may issue, from time to time, additional Series of notes under the Programme, which (as permitted by 
the Programme) may be in any currency, with any tenor and with any interest rate, which issuances may be listed or unlisted. 
The Bank is subject to the BRSA’s regulations on the measurement of the liquidity adequacy of a bank. The 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios was published in order to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of 
unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day 
period. According to this regulation, the liquidity coverage ratio of banks is not permitted to fall below 100% on an aggregate 
basis and 80% on a foreign currency-only basis. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Capital Adequacy.” 
The Group’s simple averages of daily liquidity ratios for each of the last three months of the past three fiscal years 
and each month during the first quarter of 2023 are shown below: 
 
Turkish Lira + 
Foreign Currency 
Foreign 
Currency 
31 October 2020..................................................
173.00%
223.90%
30 November 2020..............................................
173.08%
300.94%
31 December 2020...............................................
176.92%
363.75%
31 October 2021..................................................
184.33%
405.98%
30 November 2021..............................................
188.17%
393.65%
31 December 2021...............................................
218.64%
419.98%
31 October 2022..................................................
218.36%
556.61%
30 November 2022..............................................
212.16%
511.81%
31 December 2022...............................................
216.28%
499.90%
31 January 2023 ..................................................
212.02%
503.27%
28 February 2023 ................................................
216.75%
585.70%
31 March 2023 ....................................................
216.35%
469.84%
The following table sets out the calculation of the Group’s period-end liquidity ratios during each of the past three 
fiscal years, including the “liquidity coverage ratios” that are applied to the applicable asset and liability category in 
determining (with respect to assets) how much liquidity the Group maintains and (with respect to liabilities) how much 
liquidity the Group is required to maintain:

--- Page 116 ---
97 
2020 
2021 
2022 
TL + FC 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL + FC 
Foreign 
Currency 
TL + FC 
Foreign 
Currency 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
High-Quality Liquid Assets 
Total high-quality liquid assets ................................................
126,032,909
70,040,350
184,253,304
103,593,389
361,051,673
205,102,320
Cash Outflows
Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of 
which ................................................................................
24,046,422
16,165,448
33,153,012
22,705,041
54,756,102
33,116,976
Stable deposits ................................................................
2,061,124
61,577
2,499,897
84,340
4,034,434
114,473
Less stable deposits.........................................................
21,985,298
16,103,871
30,653,115
22,620,701
50,721,668
33,002,503
Unsecured wholesale funding, of which...................................
52,434,274
28,699,864
78,673,136
46,207,148
134,854,792
76,050,569
Non-operational deposits ...............................................
36,990,764
22,256,103
57,509,897
38,907,943
97,918,142
63,189,598
Unsecured funding..........................................................
15,443,510
6,443,761
21,163,239
7,299,205
36,936,650
12,860,971
Secured wholesale funding .............................................
538,803
-
565,670
-
500,933
-
Other cash outflows, of which..................................................
24,239,896
20,394,324
36,849,978
29,838,735
56,339,836
45,286,616
Outflows related to derivative exposures and other 
collateral requirements ...................................................
11,786,346
14,967,811
17,974,608
21,166,493
18,052,938
29,861,010
Payment commitments and other off-balance sheet 
commitments granted for debts to financial markets.......
12,453,550
5,426,513
18,875,370
8,672,242
38,286,898
15,425,606
Other 
revocable 
off-balance 
sheet 
commitments 
and 
contractual obligations......................................................
64,532
30,329
296,244
258,920
535,007
451,385
Other irrevocable or conditionally revocable off-balance sheet 
obligations ........................................................................ 
711,683
690,137
1,219,178
1,207,821
1,681,002
1,601,198
Total Cash Outflows ....................................................... 
102,035,610
65,980,102
150,757,218
100,217,665
248,667,672
156,506,744
Cash Inflows
Secured receivables..................................................................
-
-
-
-
-
-
Unsecured receivables..............................................................
28,374,505
16,816,359
50,641,491
32,616,478
79,044,232
41,249,546
Other cash inflows ................................................................... 
1,275,375
25,084,909
6,693,228
56,840,117
1,871,426
99,332,105
Total Cash Inflows..........................................................
29,649,880
41,901,268
57,334,719
89,456,595
80,915,658
140,581,651
Total High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)...................
126,032,909
70,040,350
184,253,304
103,593,389
361,051,673
205,102,320
Total Net Cash Outflows................................................
72,385,730
24,078,834
93,422,499
25,054,416
167,752,014
39,126,686
Liquidity Coverage Ratio...............................................
174.33%
296.20%
197.05%
406.54%
215.60%
522.77%

--- Page 117 ---
98 
The following table sets out similar information for the three months ended 31 March 2023: 
Three months ended 
31 March 2023 
TL + FC 
Foreign 
Currency 
(TL thousands, except 
percentages)
High-Quality Liquid Assets 
Total high-quality liquid assets .........................................................................................
383,063,891
211,182,784
Cash Outflows 
Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of which.............................
59,228,315
32,723,159
Stable deposits............................................................................................................
5,500,870
117,292
Less stable deposits....................................................................................................
53,727,445
32,605,867
Unsecured wholesale funding, of which ...........................................................................
141,615,820
71,004,506
Non-operational deposits...................................................................................................
103,499,601
60,742,855
Unsecured funding ............................................................................................................
38,116,219
10,261,651
Secured wholesale funding................................................................................................
390,202
0
Other cash outflows, of which...........................................................................................
56,696,398
42,204,400
Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral requirements ............
11,698,478
27,370,279
Payment commitments and other off-balance sheet commitments granted for debts 
to financial markets....................................................................................................
44,997,920
14,834,121
Other revocable off-balance sheet commitments and contractual obligations ..................
643,583
514,030
Other irrevocable or conditionally revocable off-balance sheet obligations ..................... 
1,950,568
1,858,593
Total Cash Outflows .................................................................................................. 
260,524,886
148,304,688
Cash Inflows 
Secured receivables...........................................................................................................
-
-
Unsecured receivables.......................................................................................................
78,749,020
37,566,531
Other cash inflows ............................................................................................................. 
2,773,474
85,911,079
Total Cash Inflows ....................................................................................................
81,522,494
123,477,610
Total High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA).............................................................
383,063,891
211,182,784
Total Net Cash Outflows...........................................................................................
179,002,391
42,838,434
Liquidity Coverage Ratio .........................................................................................
215.04%
519.60%
In addition to the liquidity ratios described above, the Bank is also required to maintain deposits with the Central 
Bank against a minimum reserve requirement. These reserve deposits are calculated on the basis of Turkish Lira and foreign 
currency liabilities taken at the rates determined by the Central Bank. The Central Bank started to pay interest for U.S. dollar 
(but not other foreign currency) reserve accounts as of 5 May 2015; however, through the date of this Base Prospectus, interest 
has not been paid on U.S. dollar reserve deposits since September 2019. 
The Group’s banks in the Netherlands and Romania are also subject to similar reserve deposit requirements. For 
detailed information on the Group’s reserve deposits requirements see note 5.1.1 in the Group’s BRSA Interim Financial 
Statements. 
Capital Expenditures 
As a financial group, capital expenditures are not a material part of the Group’s expenses and principally relate to 
expenses for branch expansion. The following table summarises the Group’s capital expenditures for the indicated periods: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL thousands)
Real estate...........................................................
37,470
9,289
831,024
Leased tangible assets.........................................
-
-
-
Right-of-use assets..............................................
555,822
368,843
897,021
Vehicles ..............................................................
9,187
5,499
8,675
Other tangible assets...........................................
783,787
672,665
1,057,596
Intangible assets..................................................
337,596 
471,661 
697,805 
Total capital expenditures ........................... 
1,723,862 
1,527,957 
3,582,121

--- Page 118 ---
99 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The following tables present certain selected statistical and other information for the Group (or, in certain indicated 
circumstances, the Bank) as of the indicated dates and for the indicated periods. Except as specifically noted herein, the 
selected statistical and other information should be read in conjunction with the BRSA Annual Financial Statements 
(including the notes therein) and the information contained in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations.” All foreign currency amounts in this section were notionally converted into Turkish Lira in the 
manner described in Section Three of the Group’s BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
I. Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
A. Average Balance Sheet and Interest Data 
The following tables set out the average balances of assets and liabilities, and the interest earned or expensed on such 
amounts, of the Bank for the indicated years. For purposes of the following tables, except as otherwise indicated, the average 
for each year is calculated on a daily basis and is based upon management estimates (and thus are not equivalent to the parallel 
APM definitions). For purpose of the following tables: (a) non-accruing credits have been treated as non-interest-earning 
assets and (b) loan fees have been included in interest income. 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
ASSETS
Average interest-earning assets
Deposits with banks(1) .......
22,928,896
3.9%
902,663
30,598,267
9.8%
3,003,064
68,248,881
5.0%
3,445,574
Turkish Lira ...............
8,743,912
9.9%
865,101
18,353,181
16.2%
2,972,430
33,070,381
7.8%
2,576,840
Foreign currency........
14,184,984
0.3%
37,563
12,245,086
0.3%
30,634
35,178,500
2.5%
868,734
Investments in securities ...
52,447,664
12.2%
6,404,166
60,439,050
16.6%
10,011,018
130,224,146
31.6%
41,162,769
Turkish Lira ...............
32,513,390
16.8%
5,477,149
38,709,782
23.6%
9,128,374
77,992,528
48.8%
38,052,807
Foreign currency........
19,934,274
4.7%
927,018
21,729,268
4.1%
882,645
52,231,618
6.0%
3,109,962
Loans and advances to 
customers, 
and 
other 
interest-earning assets .......
274,930,900 
10.9% 
29,921,791 
341,211,385 
12.9% 
44,084,517 
526,326,230 
15.4% 
81,224,232 
Turkish Lira ...............
178,780,565
14.4%
25,679,148
230,645,733
17.5%
39,976,029
355,554,964
21.7%
72,876,951
Foreign currency........
96,150,335 
4.4% 
4,242,643 
110,565,652 
3.4% 
4,108,488 
170,771,265 
2.4% 
8,347,280 
Total for average 
interest-earning assets.....
350,307,461 
10.6% 
37,228,620 
432,248,702 
13.2% 
57,098,598 
724,799,256 
17.4% 
125,832,575 
Turkish Lira...............  
220,037,868 
14.6% 
32,021,397 
287,708,696 
18.2% 
52,076,832 
466,617,873 
25.2% 
113,506,598 
Foreign currency.......  
130,269,593 
4.0% 
5,207,223 
144,540,006 
3.2% 
5,021,766 
258,181,384 
3.1% 
12,325,977 
Average non-interest-earning assets
Cash and cash equivalents.
15,788,623
20,405,889
44,344,339
Tangibles...........................
7,116,962
7,053,465
9,236,495
Equity participations .........
10,157,537
13,925,267
24,293,820
Other assets and accrued 
income ..............................
61,590,843 
81,028,639 
155,794,295 
Average 
total 
non-
interest-earning assets.....
94,653,965 
122,413,260 
233,668,949 
Average total assets.........  
444,961,426 
 
554,661,961 
 
958,468,206 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Comprises balances with banks and interbank funds sold.

--- Page 119 ---
100 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Avg. 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
LIABILITIES 
Average interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits 
from 
customers..................
185,053,090
5.01 
9,265,731
227,448,832
8.55
19,454,116
372,099,850
9.00
33,502,100
Turkish Lira ........
99,573,480
8.85 
8,810,464
132,665,358
14.39
19,085,841
232,666,117
14.05
32,689,943
Foreign currency.
85,479,610
0.53 
455,267
94,783,474
0.39
368,274
139,433,733
0.58
812,156
Short-term debt and 
other interest-bearing 
liabilities(1).................
3,316,151
5.20 
172,573
3,136,615
5.49
172,185
1,876,200
11.87
222,694
Turkish Lira ........
1,516,362
9.91 
150,342
1,427,150
9.34
133,286
968,912
18.38
178,107
Foreign currency.
1,799,789
1.24 
22,231
1,709,465
2.28
38,899
907,288
4.91
44,586
Long-term debt and 
other interest-bearing 
liabilities ...................
64,658,408
5.88 
3,800,999
67,228,889
5.48
3,687,279
101,471,621
8.15
8,266,485
Turkish Lira ........
7,323,206
13.43 
983,165
5,645,718
19.58
1,105,324
2,363,127
22.73
537,112
Foreign currency.
57,335,202
4.91 
2,817,834
61,583,171
4.19
2,581,954
99,108,495
7.80
7,729,372
Repurchase 
agreements................
2,888,063
7.66 
221,113
1,936,573
7.49
145,024
6,028,821
8.67
522,483
Turkish Lira ........
2,708,714
8.00 
216,828
665,147
17.91
119,145
3,158,499
13.44
424,654
 
Foreign currency .  
179,348 
2.39 
4,285 
1,271,426 
2.04
25,880 
2,870,321 
3.41
97,829 
Total 
for 
average 
interest-bearing 
liabilities...................
255,915,712
5.26%
13,460,416
299,750,909
7.83
23,458,604
481,476,492
8.83
42,513,761
 
Turkish Lira .......  
111,121,763 
9.14% 
10,160,799 
140,403,373 
14.56 
20,443,596 
239,156,655 
14.15 
33,829,817 
 
Foreign currency  
144,793,949 
2.28% 
3,299,617 
159,347,536 
1.89 
3,015,008 
242,319,837 
3.58 
8,683,944 
Average non-interest-bearing liabilities and equity
Deposits-demand.......
112,539,463
163,278,115
322,125,181
Accrued expenses and 
other liabilities ..........
16,543,435
21,457,538
35,356,902
Current and deferred 
tax liabilities..............
1,756,560
1,911,428
6,379,903
Shareholders’ equity 
and net profit.............
58,206,256 
68,263,972 
113,129,728 
Total average non-
interest-bearing 
liabilities and equity
189,045,714 
254,911,053 
476,991,714 
Total average 
liabilities and equity
444,961,426 
554,661,962 
958,468,206 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Interbank Money Market (Bankalararası Para Piyasası) placements are included under “Short-term debt and other interest-bearing liabilities.” 
The following tables set out the average balances of assets and liabilities, and the interest earned or expensed on such 
amounts, of the Group for the indicated years. For purposes of the following tables, the average is calculated as the average 
of the opening, quarter-end and closing balances for the applicable year. For the purpose of the following tables: (a) non-
accruing credits have been treated as non-interest-earning assets and (b) loan fees have been included in interest income.

--- Page 120 ---
101 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Average 
Balance 
Average
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Average
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
Average 
Balance 
Average 
Yield 
Interest 
Income 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
ASSETS
Average interest-earning assets
Banks .................
2,914,608
6.27%
240,998
4,597,023
3.74%
172,009
20,378,384
3.52%
718,077
Financial 
assets 
measured at fair 
value 
through 
profit/(loss) ........
7,051,631
1.88%
132,848
7,107,864
2.22%
157,721
2,109,160
11.12%
234,465
Interbank money 
market 
placements .........
4,488,317
16.70%
749,549
15,195,431
13.56%
2,061,232
37,871,532
7.29%
2,760,820
Financial 
assets 
measured at fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income ...............
32,893,528
9.64%
3,170,354
44,127,010
12.58%
5,553,056
81,051,307
25.25%
20,461,672
Loans .................
339,320,936
9.11%
30,919,973
430,048,442
10.60%
45,580,108
683,181,988
12.48%
85,245,876
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost ....
31,785,649 
10.24%
3,255,059 
35,270,443 
12.77%
4,503,461 
84,755,390 
24.61%
20,859,568 
Total for average 
interest-earning 
assets .................
418,454,669
9.18%
38,428,692
536,346,212
10.82%
58,027,587
909,347,761
14.33%
130,280,478
Average 
non-
interest-earning 
assets
84,068,002 
128,745,520 
234,761,672 
Total 
average 
assets .................
502,522,670 
665,091,732 
1,144,109,433 
 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Average 
Balance 
Average
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Average
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
Average 
Balance 
Average 
Rate 
Interest 
Expense 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
LIABILITIES
Average interest-bearing liabilities
Deposits........................
188,406,286
5.01%
9,437,262
240,560,711
8.08%
19,443,102
408,504,371
8.40%
34,307,435
Funds borrowed............
27,705,448
4.86%
1,347,055
33,394,060
3.76%
1,256,488
47,928,079
6.65%
3,184,986
Interbank money market 
takings ..........................
6,458,567
5.16%
333,448
9,960,093
3.74%
372,542
20,863,546
5.30%
1,105,104
Securities issued ...........  
43,917,422 
5.30% 
2,328,935 
48,740,702 
5.89% 
2,870,828 
63,667,971 
4.82% 
3,068,434 
Total 
for 
average 
interest-bearing 
liabilities ......................
266,487,723
5.05%
13,446,700 
332,655,565
7.20%
23,942,960 
540,963,966
7.70%
41,665,959 
Average 
non-
interest-bearing 
liabilities and equity.....
236,034,948 
332,436,166 
603,145,467 
Total average 
liabilities and equity...
502,522,670 
665,091,732 
1,144,109,433 
The following table shows the net interest income and net yield for the Bank for the indicated years. 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income 
 
 
 
Turkish Lira ..................................
21,860,598 
31,633,236 
79,676,782 
Foreign currency...........................
1,907,606 
2,006,759 
3,642,032 
Total................................................. 
23,768,204 
33,639,994 
83,318,814 
Net yield 
 
 
 
Turkish Lira ..................................
9.93%
10.99%
17.08%
Foreign currency...........................
1.46%
1.39%
1.41%
Total................................................. 
6.78% 
7.78% 
11.50%

--- Page 121 ---
102 
The following table shows the net interest income and net yield for the Group for the indicated years. 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Net interest income ........................................
25,392,568
36,064,391
88,092,627
Net yield.........................................................
6.07%
6.72%
9.69%
B. Net Changes in Interest Income and Expense – Volume and Rate Analysis 
The following table provides a comparative analysis of net changes in the Bank’s interest earned and interest paid 
by reference to changes in average volume and rates for the indicated years. Changes in interest income and interest expense 
are attributed either to changes in average balances (volume changes) or changes in average rates (rate changes) for interest-
earning assets and sources of funds on which interest is earned or paid. Volume change is calculated as the change in volume 
multiplied by the current rate, while the rate change is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the previous volume. The 
rate volume change (change in rate multiplied by change in volume) is allocated between volume change and rate change at 
the ratio each component bears to the absolute value of their total. Average balances represent the average of the opening and 
closing balances for the indicated years. For purpose of the following tables, NPLs have been treated as non-interest-earning 
assets. 
 
2022/2021 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands)
Interest income 
Deposits with banks............................................................................
1,713,104
(1,270,593)
442,510
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
1,146,762
(1,542,352)
(395,590)
Foreign currency............................................................................
566,341
271,759
838,100
Investments in securities.....................................................................
20,982,343
10,169,409
31,151,751
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
19,166,179
9,758,254
28,924,433
Foreign currency............................................................................
1,816,164
411,154
2,227,318
Loans and advances to customers, and other interest-earning assets..
28,545,085
8,594,630
37,139,715
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
25,602,241
7,298,681
32,900,922
Foreign currency............................................................................
2,942,844 
1,295,949 
4,238,792 
Total interest income ........................................................................ 
51,240,531 
17,493,445 
68,733,976 
 
Interest expense 
Deposits from customers....................................................................
14,310,332
(262,348)
14,047,984
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
14,050,259
(446,157)
13,604,102
Foreign currency............................................................................
260,073
183,809
443,882
Short-term debt and other interest-bearing liabilities .........................
(123,655)
174,163
50,508
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
(84,234)
129,055
44,821
Foreign currency............................................................................
(39,421)
45,108
5,687
Long-term debt and other interest-bearing liabilities .........................
2,180,466
2,398,740
4,579,206
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
(746,096)
177,884
(568,212)
Foreign currency............................................................................
2,926,562
2,220,856
5,147,418
Repurchase Agreements .....................................................................
389,721
(12,2620
377,459
Turkish Lira ...................................................................................
335,226
(29,717)
305,509
Foreign currency............................................................................
54,495 
17,454 
71,950 
Total interest expense ....................................................................... 
16,756,864 
2,298,292 
19,055,157 
Net change in net interest income ............................................ 
34,483,667 
15,195,153 
49,678,820

--- Page 122 ---
103 
 
2021/2020 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net Change 
(TL thousands)
Interest income 
Deposits with banks...............................................................................
1,551,437
508,873
2,060,310
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
1,556,290
510,949
2,067,239
Foreign currency...............................................................................
(4,853)
(2,076)
(6,929)
Investments in securities........................................................................
1,534,119
2,072,733
3,606,852
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
1,461,206
2,190,019
3,651,225
Foreign currency...............................................................................
72,913
(117,286)
(44,373)
Loans and advances to customers, and other interest-earning assets.....
9,525,042
4,677,774
14,202,816
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
8,989,386
5,347,585
14,336,971
Foreign currency...............................................................................
535,656 
(669,811) 
(134,155) 
Total interest income ...........................................................................  
12,610,598 
7,259,380 
19,869,978 
 
Interest expense 
Deposits from customers.......................................................................
4,796,898
5,391,487
10,188,385
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
4,760,748
5,514,629
10,275,377
Foreign currency...............................................................................
36,150
(123,142)
(86,992)
Short-term debt and other interest-bearing liabilities ............................
(10,387)
9,999
(388)
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
(8,332)
(8,724)
(17,056)
Foreign currency...............................................................................
(2,055)
18,723
16,668
Long-term debt and other interest-bearing liabilities ............................
(150,318)
36,599
(113,719)
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
(328,420)
450,580
122,160
Foreign currency...............................................................................
178,102
(413,981)
(235,879)
Repurchase Agreements ........................................................................
(343,825)
267,737
(76,088)
Turkish Lira ......................................................................................
(366,054)
268,371
(97,683)
Foreign currency...............................................................................
22,229 
(634) 
21,595 
Total interest expense ..........................................................................  
4,292,368 
5,705,822 
9,998,190 
Net change in net interest income ...............................................  
8,318,230 
1,553,558 
9,871,788 
II. Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s securities portfolio comprises trading securities (i.e., debt and equity securities that the Group 
principally holds for the purpose of short-term profit taking, which are reflected in the balance sheet as “financial assets 
measured at fair value through profit or loss”) and investment securities (i.e., both “financial assets measured at amortised 
cost” and “financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income”). The Group also enters into 
purchases (or sales) of securities under agreements to resell (or repurchase) substantially identical investments at a certain 
date in the future at a fixed price (i.e., “repos”). Securities sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the 
balance sheet and are measured in accordance with the accounting policy for the related security portfolio as appropriate. The 
Group’s portfolio of marketable securities consists primarily of Turkish government securities (including bonds, treasury bills 
and eurobonds) denominated in Turkish Lira, U.S. dollars and euro. 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s aggregate securities portfolio increased by 106.0% to 
TL 204,660,831 thousand from TL 99,268,439 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself a 34.3% increase from TL 73,906,667 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. The change in 2021 resulted primarily from the Group’s strategy of seeking 
selective/controlled growth in lending (that is, excess deposits were invested in securities). In 2022, the significant increase 
was the result of new regulations, including requirements for a bank (if it were not to achieve certain targets) to purchase 
long-term, Turkish Lira fixed rate securities issued by the Turkish government. Accordingly, the Group’s volume of Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities as of 31 December 2022 was TL 129,946,244 thousand, of which 27.6% consisted of long-term, 
Turkish Lira fixed-rate securities issued by the Turkish government whereas, as of 31 December 2021, such securities totalled 
TL 60,398,852, which represented 19.0% of the Group’s total Turkish Lira-denominated securities. See “Turkish Regulatory 
Environment – Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” with respect to certain regulatory requirements to hold such securities.

--- Page 123 ---
104 
A. Book Value of Securities 
The following table sets out a breakdown of securities (on a book-value basis) held by the Group as of the indicated 
dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss................  
3,882,191 
3,355,094 
5,712,575 
Turkish Lira-denominated .....................................................................
1,356,222
2,051,069
3,747,045
Foreign currency-denominated and indexed..........................................
2,525,969
1,304,025
1,965,530
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income..........................................................................................................  
36,785,565
55,746,298 
88,928,400 
Turkish Lira-denominated .....................................................................
22,580,548
35,483,531
63,766,271
Foreign currency-denominated and indexed..........................................
14,205,017
20,262,767
25,162,129
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ............................................  
33,238,911
40,167,047 
110,019,856 
Turkish Lira-denominated .....................................................................
22,663,984
22,864,252
62,454,628
Foreign currency-denominated and indexed..........................................
10,574,927
17,302,795
47,565,228
Total..............................................................................................................  
73,906,667 
99,268,439 
204,660,831 
Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value through Profit or Loss 
The Group’s trading securities portfolio is composed of debt and equity securities that the Group principally holds 
for the purpose of short-term profit taking. These include investments designated as trading instruments. These securities are 
referred to as “financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss” and any financial asset that does not qualify for 
amortised cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income must be measured after initial recognition at 
fair value through profit or loss. 
After initial recognition, securities that are classified as “financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss” 
are measured at estimated fair value. When market prices are not available or if liquidating a position would reasonably be 
expected to affect market prices, fair value is determined by reference to price quotations for similar instruments traded in 
different markets or management’s estimates of the amounts that can be realised. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Government securities ......................................
2,913,471
1,749,900
2,513,999
Equity securities ...............................................
601,888
1,126,948
2,647,455
Other securities ................................................. 
366,832 
478,246 
551,121 
Total........................................................... 
3,882,191 
3,355,094 
5,712,575 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
increased by 70.0% to TL 5,712,575 thousand from TL 3,355,094 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which itself had 
decreased by 13.5% from TL 3,882,191 thousand as of 31 December 2020. The Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit or loss comprises Turkish Lira-denominated bonds, eurobonds, bonds issued by corporations 
(including financial institutions) and foreign governments. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies – Fair Value of Securities.” 
Investment Securities Portfolio 
The Group’s investment portfolio consists of “financial assets measured at amortised cost” and “financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.” 
“Financial assets measured at amortised cost” are financial assets (other than bank loans and receivables) with fixed 
or determinable payments and fixed maturities that the Group intends and has the ability to hold to maturity. The Group

--- Page 124 ---
105 
cannot classify any financial asset as financial assets measured at amortised cost if the Group has, during the current fiscal 
year or during the two preceding fiscal years, sold or transferred any financial assets measured at amortised cost before their 
maturities. “Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” are financial assets that are neither 
held for trading purposes nor are intended to be held to maturity (i.e., financial assets measured at amortised cost). Financial 
assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income can include certain debt and equity investments. The Group 
classifies investment securities depending upon the intention of management at the time of the purchase thereof, though such 
can be reclassified if the intention of management later changes. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows. Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets. The contractual terms of both financial asset categories should give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost portfolio. The Group’s portfolio of “financial assets measured at 
amortised cost” consists principally of Turkish Lira-denominated Turkish government bonds and treasury bills, Turkish 
government eurobonds and bonds issued by foreign governments. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost as of the indicated dates (including income accruals): 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Government securities..........................
33,172,271
40,077,835
105,264,533
Other securities ..................................... 
66,640 
89,212 
4,755,323 
Total .............................................. 
33,238,911 
40,167,047 
110,019,856 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets measured at amortised cost (including income 
accruals) increased by 173.9% to TL 110,019,856 thousand from TL 40,167,047 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which 
itself had increased by 20.8% from TL 33,238,911 thousand as of 31 December 2020. In 2021, the foreign exchange-
denominated securities portfolio remained stable whereas the Turkish Lira-denominated portfolio grew as a result of the 
purchase of floating rate notes and growth in the interest accruals on CPI-linked securities. In 2022, the portfolios of both 
foreign currency-denominated and Turkish Lira-denominated securities increased due to the Bank’s acquisition of fixed rate 
notes. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio. The Group’s portfolio of 
“financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” consists of Turkish government bonds and 
treasury bills, Turkish government eurobonds and bonds issued by corporations (including financial institutions) and foreign 
governments. 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the Group’s portfolio of financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income as of the indicated dates: 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Government securities.............................
31,639,296
44,649,942
77,097,126
Equity securities......................................
312,816
521,200
1,022,719
Other securities .......................................
4,833,453 
10,575,156 
10,808,555 
Total..................................................  
36,785,565 
55,746,298 
88,928,400 
As of 31 December 2022, the size of the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income increased by 59.5% to TL 88,928,400 thousand from TL 55,746,298 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which itself 
had increased by 51.5% from TL 36,785,565 thousand as of 31 December 2020. In 2021, the foreign exchange-denominated 
securities portfolio remained stable whereas the Turkish Lira-denominated portfolio grew as a result of the purchase of 
floating rate notes (which more than offset a decline in fixed coupon bonds) and growth in the interest accruals on CPI-linked

--- Page 125 ---
106 
securities. In 2022, the portfolio of foreign exchange-denominated securities remained stable while the portfolio of Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities increased due both to regulatory changes and the purchase of additional CPI-linked securities. 
As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements included unrealised gain (net of 
tax) on its “financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” amounting to TL 300,474 thousand 
as of 31 December 2020 and unrealised gains (net of tax) amounting to TL 7,191,703 thousand and TL 19,914,049 thousand 
as of 31 December 2021 and 2022, respectively, in other comprehensive income under shareholders’ equity. 
In 2020, net gains transferred to income on disposal from other comprehensive income amounted to TL 344,512 
thousand, whereas in 2021 and 2022, net gains transferred to income on disposal from other comprehensive income amounted 
to TL 190,692 thousand and TL 8,281,861 thousand, respectively. 
B. Maturities of Securities 
The following tables set out the maturities of the securities in the Group’s total securities portfolio as of 31 December 
2022: 
 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
through 5 
years 
After 5 
years  
Undistributed 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .............................
4,438,906
1,049,405
268,081
15,067 
5,771,459
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income....
22,902,598
41,939,653
24,086,149
- 
88,928,400
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost.........................................................
13,191,845 
80,862,443 
15,964,889 
679 
110,019,856 
Total ................................................  
40,533,349 
123,851,501 
40,319,119 
15,746 
204,719,715 
 
 
1 year or less 
After 1 year 
through 5 
years 
After 5 
years 
Undistributed 
Total 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through profit or loss.............................
11.0%
0.8%
0.7%
95.7% 
2.8%
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income ...
56.5%
33.9%
59.7%
0.0% 
43.4%
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost........................................................
32.5%
65.3%
39.6%
4.3% 
53.7%
Total...............................................  
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
 
 
1 year or 
less 
After 1 year 
through 5 
years 
After 5 
years 
Total 
 
(TL thousands) 
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills ..
28,675,861
117,058,708
39,095,482
184,830,051
Bonds issued by corporations...........................
2,328,237
4,709,029
2,068,904
9,106,169
Others...............................................................
5,604,746
3,956,232
1,222,517
10,783,495
Total .......................................................... 
36,608,843 
125,723,969 
42,386,903 
204,719,715

--- Page 126 ---
107 
 
1 year or 
less 
After 1 year 
through 5 
years 
After 5 
years 
Total 
Turkish government bonds and treasury bills..
78.3%
93.2%
92.2%
90.3%
Bonds issued by corporations..........................
6.4%
3.7%
4.9%
4.4%
Others..............................................................
15.3%
3.1%
2.9%
5.3%
Total ........................................................  
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
The following table sets out the remaining maturities of the Group’s consolidated securities portfolio as of the 
indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.......... 
3,882,191 
3,355,094 
5,712,575 
Three months or less ...........................................................................
964,351
1,752,814
3,090,298
Over three months through 12 months................................................
6,417,266
4,863,434
1,348,608
Over one year through five years ........................................................
952,513
734,628
1,049,405
Over five years....................................................................................
36,770
467,410
268,081
Undistributed.......................................................................................
11,831
20,747
15,067
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income.......................................................................... 
36,785,565 
55,746,298 
88,928,400 
Three months or less ...........................................................................
2,510,297
5,159,910
6,311,069
Over three months through 12 months................................................
3,949,123
4,001,130
16,591,529
Over one year through five years ........................................................
20,588,182
30,314,320
41,939,653
Over five years....................................................................................
9,737,963
16,270,938
24,086,149
Financial assets measured at amortised cost ...................................... 
33,238,911 
40,167,047 
110,019,856 
Three months or less ...........................................................................
391,600
1,749,723
387,196
Over three months through 12 months................................................
3,137,851
4,660,637
12,804,649
Over one year through five years........................................................
21,078,875
25,779,215
80,862,443
Over five years....................................................................................
21,078,875
7,977,472
15,964,889
Undistributed.......................................................................................
8,630,585 
- 
679 
Total ........................................................................................................  
73,906,667 
99,268,439 
204,660,831 
The following table sets out the Group’s total securities portfolio in Turkish Lira and in foreign currencies as of the 
indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Turkish Lira-denominated securities ............................................
46,600,754
60,398,852
129,967,944
Foreign currency and foreign currency-indexed securities...........
27,305,913 
38,869,587 
74,751,771 
Total securities ...................................................................... 
73,906,667 
99,268,439 
204,719,715 
C. Securities Concentrations 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group did not hold debt securities of any one issuer that (in the aggregate) had a book 
value in excess of 10% of the Group’s shareholders’ equity, other than securities issued by the Turkish government. As of 
such date, the Group’s TL 89,388,839 thousand of Turkish government securities represented 58.4% of the Group’s 
shareholders’ equity.

--- Page 127 ---
108 
The following table provides information regarding financial assets measured at fair value through profit/(loss): (a) 
provided as collateral/blocked assets with respect to various banking, insurance and asset management transactions and (b) 
subject to repurchase agreements as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Collateralised/blocked assets ..................................
209,690
553,922
752,685
Assets subject to repurchase agreements ................  
7,444 
- 
- 
Total .................................................................  
217,134 
553,922 
752,685 
The following table provides information regarding financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: (a) provided as collateral/blocked assets with respect to various banking, insurance and asset 
management transactions and (b) subject to repurchase agreements as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Collateralised/blocked assets.....................................
15,878,871
13,180,520
34,218,839
Assets subject to repurchase agreements...................
219,574 
5,098,811 
8,452,415 
Total................................................................... 
16,098,445 
18,279,331 
42,671,254 
The following table provides information regarding financial assets measured at amortised cost: (a) provided as 
collateral/blocked assets with respect to various banking, insurance and asset management transactions and (b) subject to 
repurchase agreements as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Collateralised/blocked assets ......................................
15,234,270
31,190,703
71,305,713
Assets subject to repurchase agreements ....................
74,625 
5,189,715 
16,336,270 
Total...................................................................... 
15,308,895 
36,380,418 
87,641,983 
Pursuant to market practice, the Group pledges securities to acquire funding under security repurchase agreements. 
The securities so pledged amounted to TL 301,643 thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 10,288,526 thousand as of 
31 December 2021 and TL 24,788,685 thousand as of 31 December 2022, comprising 0.4%, 9.9% and 12.1%, respectively, 
of the Group’s securities portfolio on such dates. Such securities are included in the above tables. 
III. Loans 
The Group’s loans (i.e., cash loans) amounted to TL 761,104,244 thousand as of 31 December 2022, increasing by 
54.5% from TL 492,589,718 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which itself increased by 40.6% compared to TL 350,233,129 
thousand as of 31 December 2020. These increases in the Group’s loans and advances to customers resulted from an increase 
in foreign currency exchange rates together with customer-driven growth. In 2021, the growth in Turkish Lira-denominated 
performing loans was primarily driven by credit card loans, which increased by 48.7% from TL 33,320,700 thousand as of 
31 December 2020 to TL 49,563,395 thousand as of 31 December 2021. The strong growth in credit cards continued in 2022, 
increasing by a further 126.1% to TL 112,051,021 thousand. Turkish Lira-denominated business banking loans were also a 
big contributor to the growth in 2022, increasing by 84.7%, from TL 129,232,009 thousand as of 31 December 2021 to 
TL 238,749,773 thousand as of 31 December 2022; however, this increase was mainly observed in the first half of 2022 as 
regulations then imposed a cap on interest rates for business banking loans. As discussed below, there are several important 
characteristics of the Group’s loans portfolio, including diversification based upon sector and currency. 
Loans represent the largest component of the Group’s assets. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s 
total loans and advances to customers, less expected credit losses but including lease and factoring receivables, comprised 
62.8%, 56.4% and 57.5%, respectively, of the Group’s total assets.

--- Page 128 ---
109 
As of 31 December 2022, on the basis of the total amount of cash loans advanced, 72.9% of the Bank’s loans were 
fixed rate and the rest were variable rate. The average interest rate that the Bank charged to borrowers in 2022 was 23.4% for 
Turkish Lira-denominated loans and advances and 6.5% for foreign currency-denominated loans and advances, calculated on 
the basis of daily averages of balances and interest rates and according to the Bank’s management’s estimates, as compared 
to 18.8% and 5.0%, respectively, in 2021 and 15.3% and 5.4%, respectively, in 2020. 
The Group provides financing for various purposes and although the majority of commercial and corporate loans 
have an average maturity of up to 36 months, for certain commercial and corporate loans (such as working capital and project 
finance loans) and for certain retail loans (such as mortgage loans) the maturities are up to 10 years (or occasionally over 10 
years). As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s loans with remaining maturities over one year and over five years composed 
29.8% and 7.0%, respectively, of the Group’s total loans. 
A. Types of Loans 
The following table sets out the composition of the Group’s total performing loan portfolio (but excluding financial 
lease receivables and factoring receivables) by industry sectors as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Consumer loans...........................................
90,730,409
30.7%
122,508,790
30.5%
203,895,219
32.1%
Energy .........................................................
42,603,988
14.4%
58,158,180
14.5%
70,797,855
11.1%
Transportation vehicles and sub-industries .
17,435,901
5.9%
24,533,087
6.1%
32,231,611
5.1%
Construction ................................................
12,170,981
4.1%
16,820,318
4.2%
25,732,228
4.0%
Food.............................................................
14,423,217
4.9%
17,189,348
4.3%
27,790,920
4.4%
Textile..........................................................
13,791,098
4.7%
17,319,413
4.3%
26,023,934
4.1%
Financial institutions ...................................
11,514,467
3.9%
13,794,176
3.4%
26,059,442
4.1%
Metal and metal products ............................
9,583,071
3.2%
15,227,796
3.8%
29,492,196
4.6%
Transportation and logistics.........................
10,625,550
3.6%
16,167,517
4.0%
23,558,056
3.7%
Service sector ..............................................
9,018,312
3.1%
12,691,373
3.2%
28,867,690
4.5%
Tourism........................................................
9,179,103
3.1%
11,924,328
3.0%
14,065,129
2.2%
Chemistry and chemical products ...............
5,485,907
1.9%
7,831,514
2.0%
13,800,838
2.2%
Agriculture and stockbreeding ....................
3,735,553
1.3%
5,591,266
1.4%
10,715,839
1.7%
Durable consumption ..................................
4,314,957
1.5%
5,660,142
1.4%
7,783,269
1.2%
Data processing ...........................................
3,899,695
1.3%
14,598,951
3.6%
4,907,848
0.8%
Stone/rock and related products ..................
4,298,794
1.5%
5,688,392
1.4%
8,938,739
1.4%
Machinery and equipment...........................
3,511,875
1.2%
5,511,671
1.4%
8,771,885
1.4%
Mining.........................................................
3,840,613
1.3%
7,805,722
1.9%
11,413,419
1.8%
Paper and paper products ............................
2,767,030
0.9%
4,331,701
1.1%
10,086,073
1.6%
Electronic/optical/medical equipment .........
1,975,897
0.7%
2,500,814
0.6%
4,632,653
0.7%
Plastic products ...........................................
1,178,376
0.4%
1,350,442
0.3%
1,987,220
0.3%
Others ..........................................................
19,390,361 
6.6% 
14,244,349 
3.5% 
43,959,439 
6.9% 
Total.....................................................  
295,475,153 
100.0% 
401,449,291 
100.0% 
635,511,501 
100.0% 
B. Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the maturity profile of the Bank’s performing cash loan 
portfolio (based upon scheduled repayments but excluding interest accruals) as of the indicated dates: 
 
1 year or 
less(1) 
After 1 year 
through 
5 years 
After 5 years  
Total 
(TL thousands)
31 December 2022.....................................................
283,767,181
176,731,229
179,360,841
639,859,250
31 December 2021.....................................................
131,994,988
134,590,796
141,132,800
407,718,584
31 December 2020.....................................................
95,565,922
105,482,313
95,356,985
296,405,220
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Includes demand loans, loans having no stated schedule of repayment and no stated maturity and overdrafts.

--- Page 129 ---
110 
Composition of Loan Portfolio by Currency 
As of 31 December 2022, foreign currency-denominated loans comprised 36.4% of the Group’s loan portfolio (of 
which U.S. dollar-denominated obligations were the most significant), compared to 45.5% as of 31 December 2021 and 39.3% 
as of 31 December 2020. The share of foreign currency-denominated loans decreased in the Group’s loan portfolio as of 
31 December 2021 and 2022 compared to the previous year, despite the depreciation of the Turkish lira, due to declining 
demand for foreign currency-denominated loans demand and the Bank’s increased preference for lending in Turkish Lira. 
The following table sets out an analysis by currency of the exposure of the Group’s cash loans portfolio as of the 
indicated dates (excluding Stage 1 and Stage 2 expected credit losses but including lease and factoring receivables): 
 
As of 31 December(1) 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish Lira..................
218,937,813
60.70%
277,679,313
54.50%
501,833,075
63.56%
U.S. dollar ....................
60,101,102
16.66%
105,356,815
20.68%
129,145,882
16.36%
Euro and others ............  
81,629,491 
22.64% 
126,426,474 
24.82% 
158,599,982 
20.09% 
Total......................  
360,668,406 
100.00% 
509,462,602 
100.00% 
789,578,939 
100.00% 
  
 
 
 
(1) 
The foreign currency-indexed loans included under Turkish Lira-denominated loans in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are 
presented above under the relevant foreign currency column. 
In both 2021 and 2022, foreign currency-denominated loans declined in foreign currency terms, though increasing 
in Turkish Lira terms due to the depreciation of the Turkish Lira. The decline in such loans in foreign currency terms was due 
to redemptions and low levels of demand for foreign currency borrowing. 
C. Risk Elements 
1. Non-performing Loans and Restructured or Rescheduled Loans 
The following table sets out the composition of the Group’s total NPLs (gross) and restructured or rescheduled loans 
as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
NPLs.................................................................
16,118,312
18,344,496
20,289,804
Restructured or rescheduled loans....................
19,983,862
43,324,432
47,882,654
A loan is categorised as non-performing (i.e., Stage 3) when the Group determines that it is probable that it will be unable to 
collect all principal and interest due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement due to a lack of assets, a high 
indebtedness ratio, insufficient working capital and/or insufficient equity on the part of the customer. See “Summary of Loan 
Loss Experience” for certain criteria in relation to concepts of the “restructuring” of loans pursuant to the Classification of 
Loans and Provisions Regulation. 
2. Potential Problem Loans 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, there were no material amounts of loans that are not included in 
the preceding table but for which information known to the Group about possible credit problems of borrowers caused the 
Bank’s management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment 
terms and that might result in disclosure of such loans in the above table for future years. See “– Summary of Loan Loss 
Experience” below. 
3. Loan Concentrations 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s loan portfolio did not contain any concentration of 
credits that exceeded 10% of its total loans that are not otherwise already disclosed as a category of loans pursuant to “Types 
of Loans” above. For the purposes of this paragraph, loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are credits to a

--- Page 130 ---
111 
multiple number of borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or 
other conditions. 
From an individual borrower perspective, as of 31 December 2022, the gross cash loans to the Bank’s 10 largest 
customers (on a Bank-only basis) represented 8.3% of its gross loan portfolio (including loans measured at fair value through 
profit or loss), essentially unchanged from 10.0% as of 31 December 2021 and 9.3% as of 31 December 2020. In recent years, 
as a result of improvements in the Turkish economy, the percentage of smaller loans in the loan portfolio has been on an 
increasing trend. Although limited to some extent by the Group’s selective growth strategy, the percentage of small loans like 
retail and SME loans increased in 2020, 2021 and 2022, as the economy improved and customer demand increased and 
(despite the recent contraction in economic activities as a result of the volatility in financial markets) might continue to 
increase in the near future. 
D. Other Interest-Earning Assets 
As of each of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group’s other interest-earning assets did not include any non-
loan assets that would be included in III.C.1. (“Non-performing Loans and Restructured or Rescheduled Loans”) or III.C.2. 
(“Potential Problem Loans”) above if such assets were loans. 
IV. Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
The Bank’s head office risk committee: (a) is responsible for monitoring the Bank’s loan portfolio and establishing 
allowances and provisions in relation thereto based upon reports provided by the branch or other applicable risk committees 
and (b) provides monthly reports to the Bank’s Board of Directors detailing all aspects of the Bank’s loan activity, including 
the number of new problem loans, the status of existing NPLs and the level of collections. The head office risk committee 
also conducts evaluations of other assets and off-balance sheet contingent liabilities. 
According to the default definition, a financial asset is considered to be in objective default when more than 90 days 
past due or subjective default when unlikely to be paid. The Bank considers a financial asset to be defaulted, and Stage 3 
(credit-impaired), as follows: 
Objective Default: Financial assets that are past due more than 90 days. The current definition of default used by the 
Bank and its consolidated financial subsidiaries is based upon a more than 90 days past due definition (i.e., default 
status starts on the 91st day). 
Subjective Default: Financial assets that are considered to be unlikely to be paid. Whenever it is considered that an 
obligor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations, the related financial asset is considered to be in default regardless of 
the existence of any past-due amount or the number of days past due. 
In accordance with the applicable regulations, the Bank makes specific allowances for expected credit losses. These 
specific allowances must be increased gradually so that the reserves reach a ceiling level of 100% of the NPL, subject to the 
amount and type of collateral securing such loan. As noted above, a loan is categorised as non-performing when interest, fees 
or principal remain unpaid 90 days after the due date. The Group maintains a stricter provisioning policy than required by 
applicable regulations and seeks to maintain credit loss reserves of equal or greater amounts than NPLs after consideration of 
the fair value of collateral received. 
TFRS 9 provides for a forward-looking ECL approach, which forms an impairment model that has three stages based 
upon the change in credit quality since initial recognition. The ECLs are measured as an allowance equal to either 12-month 
ECL for Stage 1 assets or lifetime ECL for Stage 2 or Stage 3 (credit-impaired) assets. An asset moves from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
when its credit risk increases significantly since initial recognition. 
At each reporting date, it is assessed whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since 
initial recognition. When making the assessment, the change in the risk of a default occurring on the financial asset is 
determined. As of each reporting date, if the credit risk on a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition, then the loss allowance for that financial asset is set at an amount equal to its 12-month expected credit losses; 
however, if there is a significant increase in the credit risk of a financial asset since initial recognition, a loss allowance 
regarding such financial asset is set at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. 
ECLs are calculated based upon a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (the present value of all cash 
shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial asset. A cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows that are due

--- Page 131 ---
112 
based upon the contract and the cash flows that are expected to be received. The calculation of ECLs per each stage is 
summarised in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical 
Accounting Policies - Impairment of Financial Assets and Expected Credit Losses.” 
The Group’s NPLs amounted to TL 16,118,312 thousand, TL 18,344,496 thousand and TL 20,289,804 thousand as 
of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Group’s NPL ratio and NPLs to total cash loans and non-cash loans 
were 4.5%, 3.6% and 2.6% and 3.7%, 2.8% and 2.0%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022. As of 
31 December 2022, 14.7% and 18.2% of the Group’s performing cash loans excluding financial leases and factoring 
receivables were credit card and consumer loans, respectively. The Group’s allowance for expected credit losses to NPLs was 
130.1%, 160.6% and 197.6% as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
In order for the restructured non-performing corporate and commercial loans to be classified as Stage 2, all of the 
following conditions must be met: 
- recovery in debt service, 
- at least one year should have transpired since the date of restructuring, 
- payment of all accrued and overdue amounts by the debtor (interest and principal) since the date of 
restructuring/refinancing or the date when the debtor is classified as non-performing (the earlier date to be considered) 
and fulfilment of the payment condition of all overdue amounts as of the date of restructuring/refinancing, and 
- collection of all overdue amounts, termination of the reasons for classification of the financial asset as a 
non-performing receivable (based upon the conditions mentioned above) and having no overdue more than 30 days 
as of the date of reclassification. 
During the follow-up period of at least two years following the date of restructuring/refinancing, if there is a new 
restructuring/refinancing or a delay of more than 30 days, then the transactions that were non-performing at the beginning of 
the follow-up period are classified as non-performing again. Performing or non-performing retail loans that are subject to 
restructuring are removed from the watchlist only if the debt is paid in full. 
Corporate and commercial companies for which financial assets have been restructured and refinanced can be 
removed from the watchlist when all of the following conditions are met: 
- after a thorough review of the company’s financial data and its owners’ equity position, it is not anticipated 
that the owner(s) of the company will face financial difficulties and it is assessed that the restructured debt will be 
paid on time (starting from the date when the debt is restructured, all due principal and interest payments will be 
made on time), and 
- at least two years shall have transpired since the date of restructuring (or, if it is later, the date of removal 
from non-performing loan category), at least 10% (or the ratio then specified in the applicable law) of the total 
principal amount at the time of the restructuring/refinancing shall be paid and no overdue amount (principal and 
interest) shall remain at the date of the restructuring/refinancing. 
In addition, when the conditions that trigger a transfer to Stage 2 are no longer met, the exposure is transferred to 
Stage 1. If the credit risk on financial assets for which lifetime expected credit losses have been recognised subsequently 
improves so that the requirement for recognising lifetime expected credit losses is no longer met, then the loss allowance is 
measured at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses (with a resulting gain recognised in profit or loss).

--- Page 132 ---
113 
Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
The following table sets forth an analysis of the movements in the allowance for expected credit losses on loans and 
advances to customers for the Group (including lease and factoring receivables) for each year indicated below: 
 
2022 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of period..................... 
2,937,910 
14,329,200 
12,185,034 
29,452,144 
Additions during the period (+) ........................
9,913,170
11,434,422
10,806,650
32,154,242
Disposal (-) .......................................................
(11,443,476)
(5,271,309)
(2,179,547)
(18,894,332)
Debt sale (-).......................................................
-
(76,277)
(762,572)
(838,849)
Write-offs (-).....................................................
-
-
(8,255,121)
(8,255,121)
Transfer to Stage 1 ............................................
3,660,263
(3,649,806)
(10,457)
-
Transfer to Stage 2 ............................................
(1,024,508)
1,121,382
(96,874)
-
Transfer to Stage 3 ............................................
(18,367)
(1,286,569)
1,304,936
-
Foreign currency differences.............................
465,343 
4,305,909 
1,696,953 
6,468,205 
Balances at end of period......................... 
4,490,335 
20,906,952 
14,689,002 
40,086,289 
 
2021 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of period..................... 
2,189,211 
8,564,468 
10,215,084 
20,968,763 
Additions during the period (+) ........................
4,672,571
9,110,670
3,074,673
16,857,914
Disposal (-) .......................................................
(5,388,472)
(5,138,799)
(1,635,436)
(12,162,707)
Debt sale (-).......................................................
-
(8,191)
(654,887)
(663,078)
Write-offs (-).....................................................
-
-
(3,499,529)
(3,499,529)
Transfer to Stage 1 ............................................
1,869,814
(1,861,372)
(8,442)
-
Transfer to Stage 2 ............................................
(705,111)
885,154
(180,043)
-
Transfer to Stage 3 ............................................
(18,396)
(1,492,548)
1,510,944
-
Foreign currency differences.............................
318,293 
4,269,818 
3,362,670 
7,950,781 
Balances at end of period......................... 
2,937,910 
14,329,200 
12,185,034 
29,452,144 
 
2020 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(TL thousands)
Balances at beginning of period..................... 
1,227,132 
4,033,583 
12,182,934 
17,443,649 
Additions during the period (+) ........................
3,491,928
8,268,724
2,422,590
14,183,242
Disposal (-) .......................................................
(3,436,416)
(3,292,269)
(1,511,619)
(8,240,304)
Debt sale (-).......................................................
-
-
(122,788)
(122,788)
Write-offs (-).....................................................
-
-
(4,669,852)
(4,669,852)
Transfer to Stage 1 ............................................
1,215,585
(1,210,967)
(4,618)
-
Transfer to Stage 2 ............................................
(479,118)
492,688
(13,570)
-
Transfer to Stage 3 ............................................
(3,805)
(561,047)
564,852
-
Foreign currency differences.............................
173,905 
833,756 
1,367,155 
2,374,816 
Balances at end of period......................... 
2,189,211 
8,564,468 
10,215,084 
20,968,763 
The amount of the net additions to the allowance charged to the income statement and (following a change to the 
presentation of the financial statements as per new rules introduced by the BRSA) statement of profit or loss were 
TL 8,317,754 thousand in 2020, TL 12,645,988 thousand in 2021 and TL 19,728,115 thousand in 2022. 
V. Deposits 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s major source of funds for its lending and investment activities were deposits, 
which accounted for 79.0% of the Group’s total liabilities (as compared to 75.7% as of 31 December 2021 and 74.8% as of 
31 December 2020). Funds borrowed accounted for 4.0% of total liabilities as of 31 December 2022, compared to 5.7% of

--- Page 133 ---
114 
total liabilities as of 31 December 2021, which changed from 5.6% as of 31 December 2020. Other sources of funding include 
(inter alia) interbank money markets, securities issued and subordinated debts. 
The following table sets out the Group’s deposits and other sources of funding as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Deposits.....................................
358,100,348
82.6%
582,833,426
82.9%
908,739,459
87.1%
Funds borrowed.........................
26,620,183
6.1%
43,626,729
6.2%
45,856,723
4.4%
Interbank money markets..........
3,163,978
0.7%
15,942,789
2.3%
24,299,009
2.3%
Securities issued(1).....................
38,955,020
9.0%
49,828,239
7.1%
49,629,007
4.8%
Subordinated debts....................
6,598,969
1.6%
10,911,505
1.5%
15,245,929
1.5%
Total.....................................  
433,438,498 
100.0% 
703,142,688 
100.0% 
1,043,770,127 
100.0% 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Includes financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Deposits 
The Group’s deposits consist of demand and time deposits. Current accounts generally bear no interest and can be 
withdrawn upon demand. For time deposits, different interest rates are paid on the various types of accounts offered by the 
Group. The Group’s deposits mainly comprise foreign currency-denominated deposits and Turkish Lira-denominated saving 
and commercial deposits. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s deposits as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Foreign currency..............................
193,158,006
369,567,087
438,901,030
Saving..............................................
83,882,136
107,537,994
271,245,162
Commercial .....................................
51,681,732
58,568,978
141,039,598
Bank deposits ..................................
1,353,755
2,457,230
1,829,208
Public and other...............................
28,024,719 
44,702,137 
55,724,461 
Total......................................... 
358,100,348 
582,833,426 
908,739,459

--- Page 134 ---
115 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s deposits as a daily average during the indicated periods 
(excluding expense accruals) and the average interest rate paid thereon: 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Average 
Deposits 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
Average 
Deposits 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
Average 
Deposits 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Demand deposits(1).................................  
112,539,463 
0.00% 
163,278,116 
0.00% 
322,125,181 
0.00% 
Foreign currency ..................................
75,050,942
0.00%
120,352,523
0.00%
247,424,304
0.00%
From banks .......................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
From 
governments 
and 
official 
institutions.....................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
From other customers.......................
75,050,942
0.00%
120,352,523
0.00%
247,424,304
0.00%
Turkish Lira..........................................
37,488,521
0.00%
42,925,593
0.00%
74,700,877
0.00%
From banks .......................................
308,121
0.00%
441,780
0.00%
637,750
0.00%
From 
governments 
and 
official 
institutions.....................................
1,583,791
0.00%
1,048,772
0.00%
1,380,645
0.00%
From other customers.......................
35,596,609
0.00%
41,435,041
72,682,482
Savings deposits .....................................  
58,354,337 
8.82% 
71,260,877 
14.58% 
115,206,804 
14.19% 
Foreign currency ..................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
Turkish Lira..........................................
58,354,337
8.82%
71,260,877
14.58%
115,206,804
14.19%
From banks .......................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
From 
governments 
and 
official 
institutions.....................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
From other customers.......................
58,354,337
8.82%
71,260,877
115,206,804
Time deposits .........................................  
126,698,754 
3.25% 
156,187,955 
5.81% 
202,938,923 
8.45% 
Foreign currency ..................................
85,479,610
0.53%
94,783,474
0.39%
85,479,610
0.95%
From banks .......................................
71,366
—
159,071
—
275,810
—
From 
governments 
and 
official 
institutions.....................................
—
—
—
—
—
—
From other customers.......................
85,408,244
—
94,624,403
—
85,203,800
—
Turkish Lira..........................................
41,219,144
8.88%
61,404,481
14.17%
117,459,313
13.91%
From banks .......................................
369,814
—
595,456
—
224,921
—
From 
governments 
and 
official 
institutions.....................................
187,508
—
95,686
—
88,959
—
From other customers.......................
40,661,822 
—
60,713,339 
—
117,145,433 
—
Total ..................................................  
297,592,554 
3.11%
390,726,948 
4.98% 
640,270,908 
5.23% 
 
 
 
 
(1) Demand deposits generally do not bear interest; however, there are occasional exceptions negotiated with customers such as corporations with large 
deposits. 
The following table sets out by maturity the amount outstanding of the Bank’s time deposits of US$100,000 or more 
(or its equivalent) as of 31 December 2022: 
 
3 months or less 
Over 3 months 
through 6 
months 
Over 6 months 
through 12 
months 
Over 12 
months 
(TL thousands)
Deposits over US$100,000
Foreign currency...................................
167,900,361
8,352,143
21,471,649
6,304,790
Turkish Lira...........................................
49,718,434
941,526
2,608,237
2,464,426
The Group’s deposits are comprised of demand and time deposits. The Group’s deposits increased by 56.0% to 
TL 908,739,459 thousand as of 31 December 2022 compared to TL 582,833,426 thousand as of 31 December 2021, which 
itself was a 62.8% increase from TL 358,100,348 thousand as of 31 December 2020.

--- Page 135 ---
116 
The following table sets out certain information relating to deposits as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Demand deposits...................................
156,140,024
295,305,454
431,738,696
Time deposits ........................................
201,960,324 
287,527,972 
477,000,763 
Total ................................................ 
358,100,348 
582,833,426 
908,739,459 
The following table sets out certain information relating to the deposits in Turkish currency and foreign currency as 
of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December(1) 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish Lira deposits..............
164,942,342
46.1%
213,266,339
36.6%
469,838,429
51.7%
Foreign currency deposits ......
193,158,006 
53.9% 
369,567,087 
63.4% 
438,901,030 
48.3% 
Total................................ 
358,100,348 
100.0% 
582,833,426 
100.0% 
908,739,459 
100.0% 
 
 
 
 
(1) Gold deposits included under deposits in the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements are presented under other liabilities. 
In 2021, the Group’s Turkish Lira deposit share decreased to 36.6%, primarily reflecting the depreciation in the Turkish Lira. 
In 2022, the Group’s Turkish Lira deposit share increased to 48.3%, principally due to the Central Bank’s Liraisation strategy. 
The following table sets out the maturity of deposits made with the Group by amount as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Three months or less.....................................
331,447,081
528,116,411
816,683,933
Over three months through 12 months .........
12,818,797
31,429,404
53,422,430
Over one year................................................
13,795,186
23,238,591
38,588,897
Accumulating Deposits .................................  
39,284 
49,020 
44,199 
Total.......................................................  
358,100,348 
582,833,426 
908,739,459 
VI. Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table sets out certain of the Group’s selected financial ratios and other data for the indicated years: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Average total assets ..............................................................................
502,522,670
665,091,732
1,144,109,433
Average shareholders’ equity................................................................
59,260,758
71,367,635
123,461,491
Average shareholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets ..
11.79%
10.673%
10.79%
Return on average total assets ..............................................................
1.34%
2.04%
5.11%
Return on average shareholders’ equity................................................
11.33%
19.04%
47.39%
VII. Funds Borrowed and Certain Other Liabilities 
Funds Borrowed 
The following table sets out a breakdown of funds borrowed by the Group from banks outstanding as of the indicated 
dates by maturity profile:

--- Page 136 ---
117 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Short-term..........................................
5,513,499
5,669,106
7,169,614
Medium- and long-term .....................  
21,106,684 
37,957,623 
38,687,109 
Total ...........................................  
26,620,183 
43,626,729 
45,856,723 
The Bank’s management believes that the changes in the short- and long-term debts described in the table above are consistent 
with the Group’s strategy, including to diversify the sources of non-deposit funding. 
The following table sets out certain information as to the currency of the Group’s funds borrowed from banks 
outstanding as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Turkish currency ....................
2,233,552
8.4%
2,771,981
6.4%
5,959,345
13.0%
Foreign currency ....................  
24,386,631 
91.6% 
40,854,748 
93.6% 
39,897,378 
87.0% 
Total................................ 
26,620,183 
100.0% 
43,626,729 
100.0% 
45,856,723 
100.0% 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s borrowings, including securities issued and subordinated 
debts (for short-term borrowings, including the short-term portion of long-term borrowings), outstanding as of the indicated 
dates (excluding expense accruals) and the maximum amount in each category outstanding at any month-end during the 
indicated year (short-term being of one year or less): 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Amount 
Maximum 
Month-end 
Amount 
Amount 
Maximum 
Month-end 
Amount 
Amount 
Maximum 
Month-end 
Amount 
(TL thousands)
Short-term borrowings from 
banks and other institutions
1,889,419
2,667,330
172,185
172,185
222,694
2,959,677
Foreign currency..............
861,496
958,096
133,286
133,286
178,107
345,884
Turkish Lira .....................
1,027,923
1,709,234
38,899
38,899
44,586
2,613,793
Long-term borrowings...........
63,884,806
75,572,972
3,687,279
3,687,279
8,266,485
8,266,485
Foreign currency..............
7,032,626
10,856,074
1,105,324
1,105,324
537,112
537,112
Turkish Lira .....................
56,852,180 
64,716,898 
2,581,954 
2,581,954 
7,729,372 
7,729,372 
Total ...............................  
65,774,226 
78,240,302 
3,859,464 
3,859,464 
8,489,178 
11,226,162 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the Bank’s approximate average daily borrowings for the indicated years 
and the approximate weighted average interest rate thereon: 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Average 
Amount 
Interest
Rate 
Average 
Amount 
Interest
Rate 
Average 
Amount 
Interest 
Rate 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Short-term borrowings from banks and 
other institutions...............................
3,316,151
5.20%
3,136,615
5.81%
1,876,200
11.65%
Foreign currency...........................
1,516,362
1.24%
1,427,150
9.34%
968,912
18.38%
Turkish Lira...................................
1,799,789
9.91%
1,709,465
2.28%
907,288
4.91%
Long-term borrowings .........................
64,658,408
5.88%
67,228,889
5.48%
101,471,621
8.15%
Foreign currency...........................
7,323,206
4.91%
5,645,718
19.58%
2,363,127
22.73%
Turkish Lira...................................
57,335,202 
13.43%
61,583,171 
4.19%
99,108,495 
7.80%
Total.............................................. 
67,974,559 
5.85% 
70,365,504 
5.48% 
103,347,821 
8.21%

--- Page 137 ---
118 
The following tables set out a description of the Group’s material long-term funds borrowed as of the indicated dates 
(with many of the indicated interest rates being based upon a floating rate and thus re-set periodically): 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Interest 
rate 
Latest  
maturity 
Amount in original 
currency 
Outstanding 
Amount 
(millions)
(TL thousands)
EBRD I.........................................................
20%
2023
TL 39
38,643
EIB I+V........................................................
3-4%
2024
US$166
3,085,668
İşbank AG......................................................... 
3-5%
2025
€37
635,851
Akbank AG...................................................
6-9%
2025
€21
417,291
EIB II............................................................
4%
2023
€11
221,515
IFC I .............................................................
6-9%
2029
€62
1,235,209
IFC II............................................................
10%
2023
RON 7
27,307
EFSE.............................................................
4%
2028
€20
405,850
EBRD II........................................................
1%
2025
US$4
46,210
Proparco .......................................................
4-6%
2028
€71
1,054,990
EBRD III ......................................................
2%
2024
€18
351,680
EBRD IV......................................................
4%
2024
US$5
92,960
Others ........................................................... 
 
 
 
13,867,965 
Total ...................................................... 
 
 
 
21,481,139 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Interest 
rate 
Latest  
maturity 
Amount in original 
currency 
Outstanding 
Amount 
(millions)
(TL thousands)
EIB I+V........................................................
3-4%
2024
US$169
2,214,393
Proparco .......................................................
2-3%
2028
€87
1,289,430
İşbank AG ...................................................... 
2-3%
2023
€46
682,975
IFC I .............................................................
2%
2024
€44
658,516
EIB II............................................................
1-2%
2023
€22
331,060
Akbank AG...................................................
3%
2022
€21
311,808
EFSE.............................................................
2-3%
2024
€20
298,998
EBRD I.........................................................
2%
2024
€18
262,783
EBRD II........................................................
1-4%
2025
US$10
130,160
EBRD III ......................................................
20%
2023
TL 116
115,929
IFC II............................................................
4-5%
2023
RON 17
40,804
Others ........................................................... 
 
 
 
22,705,964 
Total ...................................................... 
 
 
 
29,042,820 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Interest 
rate 
Latest  
maturity 
Amount in original 
currency 
Outstanding 
Amount 
(millions)
(TL thousands)
EIB ...............................................................
1-4%
2024
US$191
1,412,639
Proparco .......................................................
2-3%
2028
€103
929,122
IFC ...............................................................
1-2%
2024
€67
609,641
İşbank AG.....................................................
2-3%
2024
€36
324,521
EFSE ............................................................
2-3%
2023
€34
305,849
EIB ...............................................................
1-2%
2023
€22
201,930
EBRD-I ........................................................
20%
2023
TL193
193,214
Akbank AG...................................................
3%
2022
€21
189,166
EBRD-II.......................................................
1%
2025
US$6
46,885
IFC ...............................................................
4-5%
2023
RON20
37,937
Others ...........................................................  
 
 
 
16,855,780 
Total .....................................................  
 
 
 
21,106,684

--- Page 138 ---
119 
The Group’s short-term funds borrowed included the following syndicated loan facilities as of 31 December 2020, 
2021 and 2022: 
(a) as of 31 December 2020: two one year-syndicated loan facilities to be utilised for general trade finance 
purposes, including export and import contracts, in two tranches of: (i) US$245,500,000 and €317,000,000 with rates 
of USD LIBOR + 1.90% and EURIBOR + 1.65% per annum, respectively, and (ii) US$267,500,000 and 
€332,000,000 with rates of USD LIBOR + 2.10% and EURIBOR + 1.85% per annum, respectively, 
(b) as of 31 December 2021: two one year-syndicated loan facilities to be utilised for general trade finance 
purposes, including export and import contracts, in two tranches of: (i) US$279,000,000 and €294,000,000 with rates 
of USD LIBOR + 2.50% and EURIBOR + 2.25% per annum, respectively, and (ii) US$365,000,000 and 
€247,000,000 with rates of USD LIBOR + 2.15% and EURIBOR + 1.75% per annum, respectively, and 
(c) as of 31 December 2022: two one year-syndicated loan facilities to be utilised for general trade finance 
purposes, including export and import contracts, in two tranches of: (i) US$283,500,000 and €290,500,000 with rates 
of SOFR + 2.75% and EURIBOR + 2.10% per annum, respectively, and (ii) US$155,000,000 and €238,500,000 
with rates of SOFR + 4.25% and EURIBOR + 4.00% per annum, respectively. 
Interbank Money Markets 
Interbank money markets includes Borsa İstanbul money market takings, obligations under repurchase agreements 
and interbank money market takings as set forth in the table below: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousand)
Interbank money market takings.................................................
-
-
-
İstanbul Stock Exchange(1) money market takings......................
979,748
1,688,545
1,687,592
Obligations under repurchase agreements...................................
2,184,277 
14,254,245 
22,611,418 
Total.....................................................................................  
3,164,023 
15,942,789 
24,299,020 
 
 
 
 
(1) Borsa İstanbul. 
The Group’s obligations arising from agreements for the repurchase/resale of securities amounted to TL 22,611,418 
thousand as of 31 December 2022, as compared to TL 6,851,324 thousand as of 31 December 2021 and TL 2,184,230 
thousand as of 31 December 2020, representing 1.7%, 0.8% and 0.4%, respectively, of the total assets of the Group as of such 
dates. The securities sold by the Group under such repurchase agreements are recognised in the BRSA Financial Statements 
as being owned by the Group, but subject to a pledge (see II.C. (Securities Portfolio - Securities Portfolio Concentrations) 
above). 
Securities Issued 
The Group issues securities in Turkish Lira and foreign currencies. The outstanding amount of such securities 
amounted to TL 38,955,020 thousand, TL 49,828,239 thousand and TL 49,629,007 thousand, respectively, as of 31 December 
2020, 2021 and 2022. The following table sets out a breakdown of securities issued by the Group as of the indicated dates by 
maturity profile: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Short 
Term 
Medium and 
Long-Term 
Short Term 
Medium 
and Long-
Term 
Short 
Term 
Medium 
and Long-
Term 
(TL thousands) 
Nominal................................
4,916,449
19,979,718
4,750,629
24,114,422
1,482,991
17,698,185
Cost ......................................
4,749,953
19,877,780
4,579,306
23,986,170
1,454,412
17,476,729
Carrying Value......................
4,883,881
17,933,200
4,673,647
20,971,224
1,485,501
16,122,688

--- Page 139 ---
120 
The change in 2021 was primarily the result of the depreciation of the Turkish Lira, resulting in the increase in Turkish Lira-
equivalent of foreign currency-denominated securities. In 2022, the decline was primarily due to the redemption of eurbonds. 
Recent Indebtedness 
The Bank issues, and may issue in the future, from time to time: (a) additional Series of Notes under the Programme, 
which (as permitted by the Programme) are, and in the future may be, in any currency, with any tenor and with any interest 
rate, which issuances may be listed or unlisted, (b) additional series under its covered bond programme, which might be in 
any currency, with any tenor and with any interest rate, which issuances may be listed or unlisted, and (c) other obligations. 
The Bank might also incur, from time to time, additional obligations under its “diversified payment rights” programme and/or 
similar programmes, which might be in any currency, with any tenor and with any interest rate. 
Subordinated Debts 
The following tables set out a description of the Group’s subordinated debts (including expense accruals) as of the 
indicated dates. 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Latest 
Maturity 
Interest Rates 
Carrying Value 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Subordinated debt of US$750 million...........................
2027
7.177%
14,046,860
Subordinated debt of TL252.9 million..........................
2029
TLREF+1.30%
259,967
Subordinated debt of TL 750 million............................
2030
TLREF+2.50%
762,016
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Latest 
Maturity 
Interest Rates 
Carrying Value 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Subordinated debt of US$750 million...........................
2027
6.125%
9,880,843
Subordinated debt of TL 252.9 million.........................
2029
TLREF+1.30%
263,337
Subordinated debt of TL 750 million............................
2030
TLREF+2.50%
767,325
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Latest 
Maturity 
Interest Rates 
Carrying Value 
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Subordinated debt of US$750 million...........................
2027
6.125%
5,569,437
Subordinated debt of TL 252.9 million.........................
2029
TLREF+1.30%
262,538
Subordinated debt of TL 750 million............................
2030
TLREF+2.50%
766,994
On 23 May 2017, the Bank raised US$750 million in subordinated debt, which has a term of 10 years due May 2027, 
with its first Basel III-compliant Tier 2 issuance in the international capital market. On 9 October 2019, the Bank raised 
TL 252.9 million in subordinated debt, which debt has a term of 10 years and is due in October 2029. 
Non-Cash Loans and Other Contingent Liabilities 
The Group enters into certain financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business in 
order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, which include non-cash loans (letters of guarantee, acceptance 
credits, letters of credit and other guarantees and sureties) and other commitments and contingencies, involve varying degrees 
of credit risk and are not reflected in the Group’s balance sheet. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit losses for letters of 
guarantee and acceptance credits and letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of these transactions. Since 
many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amount does not necessarily represent 
future cash requirements. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – 
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies.”

--- Page 140 ---
121 
The following table sets out certain details of the Group’s non-cash loans as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Letters of guarantee ...........................................
65,332,869
104,364,646
187,090,406
Letters of credit..................................................
13,163,222
25,954,648
35,059,723
Bills of exchange and acceptances.....................
2,173,451
2,751,737
3,918,563
Other guarantees and endorsements...................
125,852
258,782
646,094
Endorsements.....................................................
-
1,128,961
5,653,771
Total............................................................  
80,795,394 
134,458,774 
232,368,557 
As of 31 December 2022, non-cash loans of the Group increased by 73.0% to TL 232,368,557 thousand from 
TL 134,458,774 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase of 66.4% from TL 80,795,394 thousand as of 
31 December 2020. The Group issues letters of guarantee, letters of credit, acceptance credits and other payment commitments 
arising in a wide variety of transactions. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s commitments for unused credit limits and promotions of credit cards, checks 
and loans to customers, and commitments for loan granting and other revocable and irrevocable commitments amounted to 
TL 249,499,657 thousand, an increase of 74.6% from TL 140,074,237 thousand as of 31 December 2021, itself an increase 
of 33.6% compared to TL 104,828,423 thousand as of 31 December 2020. 
Derivative Transactions 
Forward foreign exchange contracts are agreements to purchase or sell a specific quantity of a foreign currency or 
precious metals at an agreed-upon price with delivery and settlement on a specified future date. Such contracts include only 
deliverable contracts. Risks arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts and from 
movements in currency exchange rates. 
The Group’s outstanding derivative transactions (e.g., spots, forwards, swaps, future rate agreements, options and 
forward agreements for gold trading) amounted to TL 474,690,525 thousand, TL 725,086,638 thousand and 
TL 1,081,008,221 thousand, respectively, as of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022.

--- Page 141 ---
122 
The following table sets out the breakdown of notional amounts of outstanding derivative contracts by type of 
transaction as of the indicated dates: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
Derivative financial instruments held for risk management 
A. Total derivative financial instruments held for risk management .. 
42,287,906 
75,629,999 
69,900,161 
Fair value hedges....................................................................................
8,778,405
11,361,095
18,740,678
Cash flow hedges....................................................................................
33,509,501
64,268,904
51,159,483
Foreign currency-related derivative transactions (I) ............................ 
243,954,004 
370,471,513 
621,762,964 
Currency forwards – Purchases ..............................................................
10,386,233
16,163,312
32,972,881
Currency forwards – Sales......................................................................
9,995,525
16,877,318
31,884,723
Currency swaps – Purchases...................................................................
101,367,148
152,792,985
207,566,562
Currency swaps – Sales..........................................................................
113,376,519
156,421,378
224,698,041
Currency options – Purchases.................................................................
3,081,773
11,316,913
61,965,481
Currency options – Sales........................................................................
3,240,051
14,314,975
60,613,643
Currency futures – Purchases .................................................................
1,246,398
1,293,187
1,093,433
Currency futures – Sales.........................................................................
1,260,357
1,291,445
968,200
Interest rate-related derivative transactions (II)................................... 
145,170,962 
206,614,572 
300,786,140 
Interest rate swaps – Purchases ..............................................................
71,607,358
98,601,353
147,585,652
Interest rate swaps – Sales......................................................................
71,606,946
98,601,353
147,585,652
Interest rate options – Purchases ............................................................
1,846,602
4,982,841
3,423,170
Interest rate options – Sales....................................................................
-
2,190,191
2,066,795
Securities options – Purchases................................................................
25,011
1,267,078
1,558
Securities options – Sales .......................................................................
85,045
814,640
123,313
Interest rate futures – Purchases .............................................................
-
-
-
Interest rate futures – Sales.....................................................................
-
157,116
-
Other trading derivatives (III)................................................................ 
43,277,653 
72,370,554 
88,558,956 
B. Total trading derivatives (I+II+III).................................................... 
432,402,619 
649,456,639 
1,011,108,060 
Total derivative transactions (A+B) .................................................  
474,690,525 
725,086,638 
1,081,008,221

--- Page 142 ---
123 
THE GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
Overview of the Group 
The following text should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the detailed information and 
the BRSA Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Group is a leading Turkish banking group with a significant market share in Türkiye, being (as per published 
BRSA financial statements as of 31 March 2023) the second largest private banking group in Türkiye in terms of total assets. 
The Group’s customers are comprised mainly of commercial enterprises, small and medium enterprises (“SMEs”), foreign 
multinational corporations with operations in Türkiye and customers from across the Turkish consumer market. 
The Group served approximately 24 million customers as of 31 March 2023 (per the Bank’s internal definition: 
approximately 22.8 million retail customers, 619,000 SME customers, 41,000 active commercial customers and 3,000 
corporate customers) by offering a broad range of products and services, many of which are tailored to identified customer 
segments. These products and services include (inter alia) deposits, corporate loans, project finance loans, leasing, factoring, 
foreign exchange transactions, investment and cash management products, consumer loans, mortgages, pension and life 
insurance, portfolio management, securities brokerage and trading, investment banking, payment systems (including credit 
and debit cards) and technology and data processing operations. The Group also acts as an agent for the sale of a number of 
financial products such as securities, insurance and pension contracts and leasing services. As of 31 March 2023, the Bank’s 
services in Türkiye were provided through a nationwide network of 825 domestic branches as well as sophisticated DCs, such 
as automated teller machines ATMS, call centres, internet banking and mobile banking. As of the same date, the Bank had 
eight foreign branches (one in Malta and seven in Northern Cyprus (together with a Country Directorate in Northern Cyprus 
that was established in order to comply with the legal requirements in Northern Cyprus)) and a representative office in 
Shanghai, together with bank subsidiaries in the Netherlands (GBI) and Romania (Garanti BBVA Romania). 
The Group had total assets of TL 1,471,664 billion, performing loans (which excludes lease, factoring, non-
performing receivables and expected credit losses) (i.e., cash loans) of TL 807,224,580 thousand and shareholders’ equity of 
TL 174,417,124 thousand as of 31 March 2023. The Group’s return on average shareholders’ equity was 47.4% during 2022 
and 35.4% during the first three months of 2023. As of 31 March 2023, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio was 15.9% 
(13.8% when calculated using either Tier 1 capital only or common equity Tier 1 capital only) calculated in accordance with 
applicable Basel III rules. 
The Group’s net profit/(loss) was TL 6,715,352 thousand in 2020, TL 13,587,564 thousand in 2021 and 
TL 58,510,306 thousand in 2022 (TL 15,452,557 thousand during the first three months of 2023). 
The Bank’s shares have been listed on the Borsa İstanbul (or its predecessor the İstanbul Stock Exchange) since 
1990. In 2012, the Bank joined the top tier of the U.S. over-the-counter (OTC) market, OTCQX International Premier, for 
which companies must meet high financial standards and have an effective disclosure process. Trading on this market with 
83 leading companies from around the world, the Bank ranked 44th based upon total return and average daily dollar volume 
of trading during 2022. The Bank has been included in the Borsa İstanbul’s Sustainability Index and Corporate Governance 
Index since 2014 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is the only bank from Türkiye listed in the Dow Jones 
SustainabilityTM Emerging Markets Index (DJSI), for which it qualified in 2015. 
History 
The Bank was incorporated under the laws of Türkiye on 11 April 1946 in Ankara as a partnership of 103 
businessmen and for much of its history it operated primarily as a private sector bank engaged in commercial activities. In 
1975, Koç Holding A.Ş. (“Koç Holding”) and Hacı Ömer Sabancı Holding A.Ş. (“Sabancı Holding”), both large, private 
conglomerates in Türkiye, acquired 56% and 33% (respectively) of the Bank’s share capital. The Bank moved its headquarters 
to İstanbul in 1978. In 1983, Koç Holding and Sabancı Holding sold their respective interests in the Bank to the Doğuş Group, 
owned by the Şahenk family (“Doğuş Holding”). In 1990, shares of the Bank were offered to the public and listed on the 
İstanbul Stock Exchange (the predecessor to the Borsa İstanbul). On 22 December 2005, Doğuş Holding sold 25.5% of the 
Bank’s issued share capital and 49.2% of the Bank’s founders’ shares to a subsidiary of the General Electric Company (such 
subsidiary, “GEAM”), which thereby acquired joint control over the Bank. On 27 December 2007, GEAM sold 4.65% of the 
Bank’s share capital back to Doğuş Holding. 
Doğuş Holding and BBVA entered into a share purchase agreement on 1 November 2010 under which BBVA 
acquired shares representing 6.2902% of the Bank’s issued share capital from Doğuş Holding. BBVA concurrently entered

--- Page 143 ---
124 
into a share purchase agreement with (inter alia) GEAM for the acquisition of shares representing 18.60% of the Bank’s 
issued share capital. On 1 March 2011, the BRSA approved these share transfers, following the closing of which BBVA held 
a 24.89% stake in the Bank (which, through secondary market purchases, BBVA increased to 25.01% stake in the Bank 
without changing the joint control and management principles agreed to between Doğuş Holding and BBVA). 
On 19 November 2014, Doğuş Holding and members of the Şahenk family entered into a share purchase agreement 
with BBVA under which BBVA agreed to purchase shares representing 14.89% of the Bank’s issued share capital then in 
issue. On 27 July 2015, the transfer of shares was finalised and BBVA’s and the Doğuş Group’s shares in the Bank were 
39.90% and 10.00%, respectively. See “Ownership.” 
As noted in “Ownership,” the Sellers and BBVA agreed to the Share Purchase Transaction on 21 February 2017, 
completion of which occurred on 22 March 2017, resulting in BBVA owning 49.85% of the total issued share capital of the 
Bank. 
In November 2021, BBVA announced that it would launch the Tender Offer to acquire the shares of the Bank that 
were not already owned by BBVA. The Tender Offer, which was approved by CMB on 31 March 2022, ended on 18 May 
2022 and resulted in BBVA obtaining an additional 36.12% of the Bank’s shares and thereby taking its total to 85.97% of the 
Bank’s shares. 
Competitive Advantages 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group’s success in the competitive Turkish banking sector is due to the 
following competitive advantages: 
 
A customer-driven asset mix, with Turkish lira lending growth in line with macro-prudential policies. The Group’s 
focus on lending while maintaining a customer-driven approach has resulted in the Bank having the highest loan 
share in its asset composition among its private peers (i.e., Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş., Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and 
Akbank T.A.Ş.) as of 31 December 2022. In addition, the Bank held the largest Turkish Lira lending portfolio of all 
private banks as of 31 December 2022 and second as of 31 March 2023, on both dates being the second largest 
private bank in terms of asset size in Türkiye. The Bank’s management believes that the Group has strong positioning 
in all financial products, with its traditional leadership in the payments business and consumer lending among private 
banks being an important lever in its customer-driven growth strategy. 
 
A highly liquid and actively managed funding portfolio. To sustain high levels of liquidity, the Bank focuses on 
maintaining an adequate volume of stable resources, in particular to ensure that the Bank maintains a high foreign 
currency liquidity buffer to support the Bank’s strength in stress scenarios. Deposits are also a strength of the Bank, 
which maintains a leadership among private banks in Turkish Lira deposits and focuses on low cost demand deposits, 
including by aiming to be the main bank for customers (for example, the Bank had the highest Turkish Lira demand 
deposit base among private banks as of both 31 December 2022 and 31 March 2023, which strengthens the Bank’s 
competitive funding costs). 
 
Strong asset quality with sound coverage levels. The Bank focuses on having strong asset quality by pursuing solid 
risk management processes, which is reflecting in its having the lowest NPL ratio and highest provision amount 
among private peers as of 31 December 2022. The Bank aims to sustain its selective growth strategy and cautious 
approach while maintaining high coverage ratios with prudent provisioning policies. 
 
An accelerated pace in high quality revenue generation; strong capital position and buffer. The Bank continues its 
focus on customer-oriented, solid revenue generation opportunities, which has resulted in the Bank having the 
sector’s highest core net interest margin in both 2022 and the first quarter of 2023. The Bank differentiates itself 
from its peers by superior margin management, keeping its focus on expanding and diversifying its fee and 
commission income. Such a framework of high-quality revenue generation combined with prudent risk management 
leads to capital generative growth, enabling the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio to be well above regulatory 
requirements, thereby supporting its resilience. 
 
Practices for employee satisfaction and work-life balance. The Bank focuses on employee happiness and supports 
the work-life balance of its employees and diversity within the Bank. Following the experience gained from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank has adopted a hybrid working model, contributing to the flexibility of its employees’ 
working experience. In addition, the Bank regularly measures employee loyalty in order to identify areas for possible 
improvement and seek to enhance them in a timely manner. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is the

--- Page 144 ---
125 
only company in Türkiye to have been included in the “Bloomberg Gender Equality Index” for seven consecutive 
years. 
 
A unique customer experience created by a superior digital experience. In order to realise the Bank’s objective to 
deliver an excellent customer experience by placing customers at the centre of all of its activities, the Bank blends 
the needs and tendencies of customers with evolving trends in order to offer innovative customer-oriented products 
and services. For example, to ensure a superior customer experience, the Bank enhances its digital tools and strives 
to improve customer visits. Supported by data-based and customised product offerings and solutions, the Bank (as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus) serves the largest digital customer base among private banks in Türkiye. In 
addition, the Bank seeks to constantly improve its customer experience by addressing complaints and suggestions 
raised by customers. Due to its holistic approach to the customer experience, the Bank achieved the highest NPS (net 
promoter score) for SMEs among Turkish banks and the second highest such score for individual customers as of 
31 December 2022. 
 
A strong brand and corporate reputation with unique value creation. The Bank’s commitment to the irreplaceable 
principles of trust, integrity, accountability and transparency supports the Bank’s strong reputation. Coupled with 
strong communication and community investment programmes focused on social responsibility, the Bank achieved 
the highest “Brand Power” among private banks for SME banking, commercial banking and mobile banking based 
upon studies commissioned by the Bank from independent research firm Ipsos in 2022. The Bank has also achieved 
many firsts in the Turkish market regarding strategic initiatives in the area of sustainability, such as being the first 
Turkish signatory of the United Nations Net Zero Banking Association and (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
the only Turkish company listed for the eighth consecutive time in the “Dow Jones Sustainability Index.” 
Strategy 
The Group’s mission is to continuously and noticeably increase the value created for its customers, shareholders and 
employees, society and the environment by leveraging its effectiveness, agility and organisational efficiency. The Group, 
which defines its purpose is being “to bring the age of opportunity to everyone,” has six strategic priorities as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which are divided into three categories as follows: 
 
Differentiated Value Proposition 
The Group focuses on optimising the financial health of the Group’s customers. In order to support the financial 
health of the Group’s customers and improve their experience, the Group seeks to offer solutions and provide 
suggestions catering to their needs in achieving their financial goals. To achieve this, the Bank seeks to offer strong 
financial advisory services to its customers in order to assist them make healthy financial decisions. The Group seeks 
to deliver excellent customer experiences by placing customers at the centre of all of its activities, aiming to build 
long-lasting relationships and be a trusted partner. 
The Group seeks to ensure sustainability and responsibility. The Group aims to make effective use of its brand and 
reputation to increase awareness of sustainability and responsibility, which also supports attracting customers, 
decision-makers and other potential counterparties. For example, the Group closely observes climate change-related 
risks and opportunities and integrates these observations into its business processes and risk policies. The Group also 
is committed to the expansion of its sustainable products, which are inspired by the “United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.” The Group also focuses on community investment programmes that deliver impactful 
outcomes on important issues. 
 
Drivers of Superior Performance 
The Group seeks to reach more customers. While continuing to deepen its relationship with existing customers, the 
Group aims to continue growing its customer base. This goal is supported by the Group’s goal to be wherever 
customers are, whether physically or through the effective use of new channels such as DCs (including seeking new 
customers through digital partnerships). 
The Group seeks to improve operational excellence. Operationally, through a focus on continuing to automatise 
processes, increasing end-to-end digital solutions and pursuing cost and revenue synergies, the Group aims to deliver 
transaction convenience, innovative solutions and an exceptional customer experience, including through superior 
digital platforms. Financially, the Group seeks to optimise its capital to maximise its value creation while focusing 
on sustainable growth and to constantly improves its business model and processes in pursuit of operational

--- Page 145 ---
126 
efficiency and cost and revenue synergies. From a risk perspective, the Group seeks to employ effective tools 
throughout its integrated management of financial and non-financial risks. 
 
Accelerators 
The Group seeks to create the best and most engaged team. As the success of the Group’s strategy depends upon the 
strength of its human resources, the Group focuses closely on its employees in order to create the best and most 
engaged team in Türkiye. To achieve this goal, the Group invests in its people through a deep focus on their 
development, happiness and well-being, including focusing on their work-life balance. Employees are included 
within teams, which encourages them to act with shared wisdom, think big, act in a socially responsible manner and 
be results-oriented. The Group recognises the importance of establishing fair and transparent management policies 
that are based upon employee performance, equal opportunities, diversity and internal promotion. 
The Group seeks to increase the strength and agility of its technological infrastructure and platforms. The Group 
aims to strengthen its IT infrastructure and platforms, with a primary focus on providing the efficiency to allow quick 
decision-making and the accuracy to provide a reliable base of information upon which to base such decisions. To 
achieve this goal, the Group seeks to deploy more sophisticated artificial intelligence tools, machine learning and 
big data interpretation. The Group also focuses on data analytics that seek to identify the right products and services 
for its customers as well as support the Group’s pricing, risk management and other processes. 
Business 
The Bank is organised into six major business lines: retail (excluding payment systems such as credit cards), payment 
systems (which includes the Bank’s credit card business and is operated together with GPS), SME banking, commercial 
banking, corporate banking and other operations (the most significant of which is global markets). Each of the Bank’s business 
lines is managed by a separate department within the Bank, except for payment systems (which is managed by the Bank 
together with GPS). The Bank also conducts certain international banking operations through its foreign branches and 
subsidiaries. All of the Group’s business lines are supported by head office and other support functions. The Bank’s 
subsidiaries (described in “Subsidiaries” below) provide various specialty products to clients of the Group. 
Retail Banking 
The Bank entered the retail banking sector in 1988 and has increasingly focused on growing its retail business. The 
Bank aims to become the bank of choice for its retail customers and to sustain its innovative leadership in retail banking, and 
focuses on relationship management and product innovation aligned to customer needs in order to achieve these goals. The 
Bank offers a broad range of products to its approximately 21.9 million retail banking customers as of 31 March 2023. 
The Bank’s management believes that the strengths of the Bank’s Retail Banking Department include: (a) a 
customer-centric approach with an emphasis on customer satisfaction (with dedicated call centres and periodic measurement), 
(b) the strength of its branch network and DCs, (c) innovative marketing approach, (d) a strong sales culture, including sales-
oriented branch staff and centralised transaction processing and operations, and (e) sophisticated IT systems and customer 
relationship management (“CRM”) infrastructure to allow pro-active sales processes and targeted direct marketing campaigns. 
The Bank’s Retail Banking Department aims to manage market share growth while controlling internal costs. The 
main pillars of the Bank’s retail strategy are targeting and activating employer payroll customers, expanding the branch 
network to reach more customers and close follow-up of cross-selling opportunities. 
Products and Services 
Deposits. The Bank offers its retail customers a range of interest- and non-interest-bearing current and savings 
accounts, gold deposit accounts, structured deposits (i.e., deposits linked to an index), flexible term deposits and accumulated 
savings accounts. Deposit collection is a principal focus of the Bank as deposits provide low cost funds to be invested in loans 
and other assets. The Bank has been increasing its domestic branch network for many years (from 478 at the end of 2006 to 
825 as of 31 March 2023) with the goal of increasing the number of the Bank’s retail customers and obtaining a stronger and 
more diversified deposit base. Deposits from the retail banking business are the largest funding source of the Bank, reaching 
TL 285.6 billion of Turkish Lira deposits and US$10.3 billion of foreign currency deposits as of 31 March 2023. 
Consumer Loans (including Overdraft Accounts). The Bank’s retail loan portfolio, originated only in Turkish Lira 
since 2009, comprised of mortgage loans, auto loans, general purpose loans and overdrafts but excluding credit cards, was

--- Page 146 ---
127 
TL 62.5 billion as of 31 December 2020, increasing by 35% to TL 84.5 billion as of 31 December 2021, further increasing 
by 42% to TL 120.5 billion as of 31 December 2022 and then increasing by 15% to TL 138.1 billion as of 31 March 2023. 
The Bank’s primary consumer loan products are described below: 
 
Mortgages: In 2021, the retail mortgage loan book increased by 17.6% and then decreased by 11.3% in 2022, 
followed by a 12.8% increase in the first three months of 2023. The Bank’s retail mortgage offering is focused on 
both high and medium net worth individuals with strong credit history. Although the Bank’s maximum loan-to-value 
ratio is 80%, which is in line with the maximum limit stated by law, the average loan-to-value ratio of the Bank’s 
retail mortgage book at origination was slightly above 60% as of 31 March 2023. The average original term of its 
mortgages on such date was 8.6 years, with most loans having an original maturity of either 5 or 10 years, and 
mortgages are issued with fixed interest rates. The Bank had a market share of 7.17% (with respect to outstanding 
mortgage loan balance for consumer loans) as of 31 March 2023 according to BRSA data. The Bank maintains 
strategic partnerships with leading residential construction companies and real estate agencies nationally, and also 
focuses on mortgage expertise in branches as well as a wide product range and distribution channels, focusing on 
service quality instead of price competition in order to maintain its profitability. While foreign currency-denominated 
mortgages were common in previous years, legislation now requires that consumer mortgages to Turkish citizens 
can only be denominated in Turkish Lira. 
 
Vehicle Loans: The Bank offers secured loans to finance the purchase of both new and used vehicles. The duration 
of these loans is around four years and most have fixed rates. In 2021 and 2022, the Bank’s vehicle loan book 
increased by 42% and 147%, respectively, followed by an increase of 529% during the first three months in 2023. 
The Bank’s market share (by outstanding balance) was 15.08% as of 31 March 2023 according to BRSA data. 
 
General Purpose Loans (including other and overdraft loans): The Bank offers general purpose loans to finance 
various needs of its retail customers, such as home improvement, education, marriage and vacations. The average 
maturity of such loans is approximately three years. The Bank’s general purpose loan book increased by 38.6% and 
60.0%, respectively, in 2021 and 2022 and then further increased by 15.1% during the first three months of 2023. 
The Bank’s market share (including overdraft, by outstanding balance) was 13.07% as of 31 March 2023 according 
to BRSA data. The Bank seeks to capture market share through various central marketing approaches, including 
loyalty-based approaches such as pre-approved loan limits. As general purpose loans are generally unsecured, the 
Bank’s credit analysis for these loans focuses principally on the potential borrower’s income and other assets. 
 
Overdraft Accounts: The Bank has registered a stable and strong overdraft account base built upon mainly employer 
payroll customers and investment accounts. Targeted marketing campaigns are conducted to increase utilisation of 
overdraft accounts. As of 31 March 2023, the number of overdraft accounts operated by the Group was 
approximately 4.9 million, with an aggregate overdraft risk of TL 16.5 billion. 
Investment Products. The Bank’s retail banking investment products include mutual funds, government bonds and 
equity securities. As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had TL 166 billion of assets under management in investment products. The 
Bank’s principal strategies to increase its retail investment product sales, customers using digital channels and profitability 
include conducting cross-selling campaigns to deposit customers and utilising actively managed mutual funds (e.g., a fund 
with a diversified multi-asset strategy that invests not only in Turkish equity and fixed income markets but also in the equity 
and fixed income markets in Europe, the United States and emerging markets and in precious metals and ETFs). 
Cash Management Products. Being one of the principal banking needs of retail customers, cash management has 
been an important focus area for the Bank. For example, one cash management facility offered by the Bank is the automatic 
payment orders of utility bills. The total number of utility payments facilitated by the Bank reached approximately 
188.9 million in December 2022. Moreover, the Bank extensively utilises DCs in providing cash management services – for 
example, more than 51.2 million cardless transactions (i.e., transactions in which the individual, whether an existing customer 
of the Bank or not, makes a payment transaction without having a bank card) were executed through the Bank’s ATMs (for 
example, an individual can deposit cash in an ATM and instruct the Bank to make a payment of a utility bill) in 2022. In 
addition to providing convenient services to customers, DCs are both an increasing source of revenue (both fees generated 
directly as well as through improved cross-selling activities) and cost savings (through use of technology in lieu of adding 
additional employees). 
Retail Banking Customer Segmentation 
Retail banking customers are assigned to one of three segments (affluent, upscale or mass market) based upon their 
average total loan, investment and deposit balances and then are further assigned to micro-segments based upon their activity

--- Page 147 ---
128 
and product penetration levels. Micro-segments are used to understand different customer needs and to develop strategies for 
offering customers better-targeted services and thereby increasing product penetration and wallet share. 
Each segment and micro-segment has a tailored set of strategic objectives, customer propositions, service approach 
and branch service model. For high volume and well-penetrated customers, key products are deposit and investment products 
and, consequently, an investment advisory service model is used. For lower volume and less well-penetrated customers with 
greater borrowing needs, a sales-based service model is used with a particular focus on loan and transactional products. 
The Bank’s retail banking customer segments are described below: 
 
Affluent: As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had 7,991 customers in its “affluent” category. The criterion for the 
“affluent” category is TL 3,000,000 in investment and deposit balances. The Bank’s primary focus in this segment 
is to shift customers to high-margin investment products and further advance customer relationships to enhance 
customer loyalty. As of such date, there were 11 dedicated branches available only to “affluent” customers. Top 
performing investment sales staffs are assigned to “affluent” customers at the dedicated branches. 
 
Upscale: Segmentation criterion for the “upscale” retail segment is a banking volume of at least TL 200,000 (but not 
included within the “affluent” segmentation). As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had approximately 837,000 retail 
customers in its upscale segment, including customers with the potential of having personal financial assets of at 
least TL 400,000. These customers comprised approximately 4.1% of the Bank’s retail customers as of such date. 
The Bank’s focus is to increase these customers’ product penetration in order to “lock-in” the relationship. 
Investment and mortgage advisory services are the other areas of focus for this segment. 
 
Mass Market: In the Bank’s “mass market” segment (i.e., customers with average loan, investment and deposit 
balances with the Bank below TL 400,000), the Bank’s focus is on increasing penetration of banking products and 
trying to migrate these customers to the “upscale” segment. As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had 19.6 million “mass 
market” customers, comprising the vast majority of the Bank’s retail customers. The Bank’s lobby-level sales 
approach for this segment requires sales representatives/managers and tellers to cross-sell to existing customers as 
well as to non-customers visiting the branch to use non-banking services (for example, bill payments). 
New Customer Acquisition Strategies 
The Bank uses a number of strategies to attract new retail banking customers, including brand and product marketing, 
expansion of its branch network, effective utilisation of digital channels and leveraging its leading market position in cash 
management (particularly employer payroll and utility payments). As the total number of branches has grown, accessibility 
of the Bank to bankable customers in the market has continued to expand. For example, the Bank has opened “small-branches” 
in locations where the local market might not require a full-service branch. 
New customer acquisition strategies are in place for each customer micro-segment, demographic group and product. 
In general, however, the three most important entry products for new retail banking customers are loan products, credit cards 
and employer payroll services. An important source for new “upscale” customer acquisition is the Bank’s SME and 
commercial company clientele, the owners and managers of which are directly targeted by retail relationship managers. 
Payment Systems 
The Bank issues debit and credit cards, acquires merchant vouchers and participates in related product development. 
In 2022, the Bank was the largest issuer bank (with an issuing volume market share of 18.11%) in terms of credit card issuing 
volume and also the largest processor of credit card acquiring sales volume in Türkiye (with an acquiring volume market 
share of 18.44%) according to the Interbank Card Centre (Bankalararası Kart Merkezi) (“BKM”). Acquiring, in this context, 
refers to the purchase from merchants of the card charges made by their customers, reimbursement for which charges is then 
sought from the relevant card issuer. During 2022, total credit card issuing volume amounted to TL 534.96 billion and total 
merchant partner acquiring volume was TL 568.47 billion. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank had approximately 12.8 million 
credit cards and approximately 19.0 million bank debit cards outstanding and merchants had 777,497 of the Bank’s POS 
devices (including shared POSs and virtual POSs). 
The Bank earns an interchange fee for processing credit card payments and certain other revenues and, where the 
Bank is the card issuer, the Bank takes the credit risk and earns all interest and certain fees.

--- Page 148 ---
129 
Set out below is a description of the Bank’s principal credit card programs: 
 
The “Bonus Card,” which is the flagship credit card brand of the Bank, had more than 9.2 million cards in issue 
and 455,119 merchant partners as of 31 December 2022. The Bank issues VISA, Mastercard and AMEX branded 
cards pursuant to customary licensing arrangements. 
 
The “Miles&Smiles Garanti” card is designed to serve frequent flyers in cooperation with Turkish Airlines. 
Miles&Smiles Garanti offers the cardholders the opportunity to earn flight miles from credit card purchases. As of 
31 December 2022, there were over 600,000  Miles&Smiles Garanti cards in issue. Turkish Airlines tenders this 
programme periodically and, while an expensive programme to participate in, the Bank’s participation is profitable 
overall for the Bank due to the acquisition of the high-quality customers that it provides. 
 
In February 2006, the Bank introduced the first flexible card in Türkiye, which is named “Flexi.” This programme 
allows cardholders to customise a credit card with respect to the interest rate, reward system and card fee and even 
enables them to make a card design of their choice. As of 31 December 2022, there were 47,965 Flexi cards in issue. 
 
“Money Bonus Card” was introduced in 2009 and provides the opportunity to earn and redeem “money,” the points 
in Migros’ rewards program, in over 2,000 sales points of Migros (a large Turkish grocery store) and affiliated stores 
(outlets) and their millions of customers. As of 31 December 2022, there were 216,889 Money Bonus Cards. 
 
The Bank launched American Express Credit Cards in January 2007 and provides a broad range of American Express 
products. Moreover, the Bank has an active and strong presence in the market for cards for corporate employees. 
 
The Bank launched its first airline-agnostic traveling credit card (“Shop&Fly”) in November 2018. Having a 
powerful value proposition, Shop&Fly offers a simple and easy travel program, flexible mile spending and flying 
experience. Shop&Fly cardholders can also take advantage of a variety of travel services from shopandfly.com.tr 
and can make various travel payments (flight, hotel, car rental, etc.) with their accumulated Shop&Fly miles. As of 
31 December 2022, there were 725,659 Shop&Fly cards in issue. 
 
The Bank has also licensed the Bonus Card brand to other banks, which other banks (as of 31 December 2022) had 
over 8.0 million “Bonus Card”-branded credit cards in issue. While the Bank does not carry the loans made under 
these cards, the Bank receives fees in connection with this business and the greater volume of Bonus Cards in 
circulation adds to the Bank’ ability to offer an attractive package to merchants hosting POS systems. 
Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) Banking 
The Bank’s SME Banking Department serves clients below the commercial banking threshold (below TL 40,000,000 
in annual sales). SMEs differ from commercial and corporate customers in terms of their scale, employment and management 
structure. With knowledge of SMEs’ particular needs, the Bank has developed a tailored service model for SMEs, including 
different offerings for specific industries. As of 31 March 2023, the Bank served 657,769 SME customers. 
The Bank’s management believes that the strengths of the Bank’s SME banking segment include: (a) a customer-
centric approach that provides highly-tailored packages of products to SMEs, (b) the strong distribution of its branch network 
and DCs and (c) sophisticated IT systems and CRM infrastructure to allow pro-active sales processes. 
Products: As small commercial operations, SMEs require a broad range of services but not the degree of 
sophistication required by larger commercial and corporate clients. These services include deposits, payment services 
(particularly for credit cards), cash management, loans (principally working capital loans), trade-related products and advisory 
services. As the propensity of Turkish SMEs to use bank products and services has traditionally been low, the Bank has 
undertaken detailed research in order to identify a comprehensive solution package and service model that would appeal to 
this segment and has tailored its products in order to provide SMEs with the necessary services at an attractive cost. 
The Bank’s SME Banking Department intends not only to sell its products to customers but also to help its customers 
to improve their business and financial management quality. The Bank’s goals for assisting its SME clients are not limited to 
financial solutions. The Bank’s SME banking website has been designed to permit SMEs to access extensive content 
(including recent data, financial recommendations and solutions for their businesses). In addition, mobile banking and digital 
banking, which respectively had 404,816 and 438,422 active SME customers as of 31 March 2023, help SMEs to reach their 
accounts remotely.

--- Page 149 ---
130 
Customer Segmentation: In order to differentiate the service model according to the specific needs of clients, the 
Bank segments its SME clients into sub-segments based upon annual turnover: “Small Enterprise” (being those with annual 
sales from TL 2,500,000 to TL 8,000,000) and “Medium Enterprise” (being those with annual sales of more than 
TL 8,000,000 to TL 40,000,000 or annual sales using POS (per the BKM) of more than TL 3,500,000). As of 31 March 2023, 
76% of the SME Banking Department’s customers were in the “Small” sub-segment, with the remainder in the “Medium” 
sub-segment. 
Commercial Banking 
The Bank’s Commercial Banking Department provides products and services to larger companies, with the 
department having separate “İstanbul” and “Anatolia” units for a more efficient use of the sales team and to facilitate a 
particular focus on regions in which the Bank has a relatively small market share. Companies with annual sales or asset size 
over TL 120,000,000 and (as a last-12-month average) more than TL 42,000,000 in Turkish Lira-denominated cash loans 
(calculated based upon data provided by banks in the sector) are referred to as “Commercial.” The Bank’s offerings for these 
customers include trade finance instruments, project finance, Turkish Lira- and foreign currency-denominated medium- and 
short-term loans, cash management, investment products, internet banking and telephone banking. 
In order to best serve its commercial banking clients, which consisted of 40,589 active customers as of 31 March 
2023, the Bank’s Commercial Banking Department delivers products and services through 28 specialised commercial 
branches in addition to the Bank’s general mixed branches and benefits from numerous commercial client-dedicated customer 
service representatives and customer relationship managers. Their main responsibilities are to convert existing commercial 
banking customers into “house bank” customers, to acquire new customers and to increase the profitability of these customers 
while continuously monitoring the customers’ credit quality. 
The Bank’s management believes that the competitive strengths of the Bank’s commercial banking business are as 
follows: (a) focus on relationship-based banking, including providing tailor-made products and services, (b) pricing the 
“customer” on the basis of the entirety of its relationships with the Group instead of having a standard price for a product or 
service, (c) experience in the field of project financing, (d) effective adaptation of new technologies in the sales process, (e) 
agile loan processes and (f) dedicated commercial banking branches. 
Products: The Bank offers a number of products and services to commercial clients. The most important commercial 
banking offerings are cash loan products (including structured loan products such as project financing), non-cash loan 
products (such as letters of credit and letters of guarantee), foreign trade financing and cash management services. In addition, 
a broad range of investment products (such as deposits, government securities and mutual funds) are offered to commercial 
clients. The most significant commercial banking products by volume and value are (with respect to foreign currency) working 
capital loans and export loans and (with respect to Turkish Lira) commercial overdraft and general purpose loans. Different 
types of loan products include spot loans, foreign currency-indexed loans, gold loans, Turkish Eximbank loans and export 
factoring (such as irrevocable/revocable factoring, collection-guaranteed factoring and collection factoring). 
Corporate Banking 
The Bank’s Corporate Banking Department was formally separated from the Commercial Banking Department in 
1995, although the Bank started servicing large corporations in the early 1990s. The Bank was the first Turkish bank to open 
exclusive corporate branches that provide tailor-made services and sophisticated products to its corporate customers. 
Corporate banking clients are commercial entities that are local blue-chips and multinational corporations operating in 
Türkiye. There is no material threshold between commercial and corporate customers – corporate customers are selected 
subjectively by the Bank according to their total assets, sales turnover, shareholder and professional management structures 
and other criteria. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank has become the principal banking partner in Türkiye of many major 
multinational and domestic corporations through a strategic approach that has emphasised long-term reliable commitment to 
its customers during both stable and volatile market conditions. The Bank’s corporate banking mission is to become the 
“house bank” of its domestic clients and the first choice for multinationals operating in Türkiye. 
The Bank had 2,742 corporate clients as of 31 March 2023. These clients belonged to 308 corporate groups, of which 
approximately half were multinationals. These corporate customers operate in several industries, including the automotive, 
food and beverage, chemical, telecommunications, energy, household appliances, oil, iron and steel industries as well as 
international construction and retail businesses.

--- Page 150 ---
131 
The pillars of the Bank’s corporate banking strengths are: (a) longstanding relationships, enhanced by commitment 
through difficult market conditions, (b) ability to cross-sell, leveraging on cash management and strength of relationship, (c) 
advanced technology, including dedicated IT support and developing tailor-made solutions for clients, and (d) high-quality 
staff. 
Products: The Group offers corporate customers a wide range of lending and banking services, including commercial 
banking products, treasury and derivative products, cash management services, corporate finance advice, trade finance, project 
finance and other financial services such as insurance and leasing. 
The main lending products offered by the Bank’s Corporate Banking Department are working capital loans, project 
finance loans, foreign currency-based loans, revolving loans, short term loans and overdraft loans. Cash management is 
another field in which the Corporate Banking Department has significant expertise. Various products are offered in terms of 
cash management services: direct debiting services, discounting, utility payment systems, supplier finance services, inventory 
finance services and check collection. In addition, the Bank offers to its corporate customers treasury and derivative products 
(e.g., options, forwards, swaps, mutual funds, bonds and stocks) as well as a variety of other financial services including 
(through its subsidiaries) insurance, leasing and factoring. 
Asset and Liability Management Department 
The Group’s operations and results rely to a large extent upon the Bank’s Asset and Liability Management 
Department (the “ALM”), in which the Group centralises its asset and liability management operations. The ALM manages 
the Bank’s interest rate, sovereign credit and liquidity risks in accordance with the objectives set by the Asset & Liability 
Committee (the “ALCO”). The ALM aims to maximise the Bank’s risk-adjusted return-on-capital and the net interest margin 
of its balance sheet and to minimise the fluctuations in net interest margin. Monitoring prevailing market conditions, interest 
rates, volume trends on the balance sheet and risk parameters, the ALM creates and acts upon the Bank’s investment, funding 
and hedging strategies in spot and/or derivative markets. 
Along with conventional market risk management products, the ALM also utilises a “transfer pricing system” as a 
tool of balance sheet management. The transfer pricing system isolates the Bank’s business lines and branches from the 
market-related risks arising out of their commercial activities and enables the market risk to be transferred to the ALM, which 
thus centralises the Bank’s market risk management. In addition, by differentiating the transfer prices for different products 
with different risk factors, the ALM is able to develop and implement its strategic guidance on products and risk factors. 
Global Markets 
The Global Markets Department principally consists of the Trading Department (which coordinates the Group’s 
trading functions and manages the risks inherent therein), the Global Market Sales and Financial Solutions Department (which 
allows the Bank’s customers easier access to the financial markets) and the Global Markets Business Solutions Department 
(which develops and utilises structured products with the aim of more efficiently managing the Group’s balance sheet). Each 
of these departments is described in greater detail below. 
Trading Department 
The Trading Department coordinates the Group’s trading activities, which include both proprietary transactions and 
a much larger number of transactions on behalf of customers, with customer-driven transactions representing the most 
significant portion of the Group’s trading activities. The department’s role includes the management of risk within the Bank’s 
securities portfolio and ensuring sufficient liquidity to cater to anticipated customer demand. 
The Bank’s management believes that the Bank’s quantitative and qualitative approaches to trading with respect to 
risk management distinguish the Bank from its competitors and have been critical to the Bank’s success in volatile markets. 
The correct allocation of the investment portfolio in light of market trends is of critical importance to the Bank’s profitability 
and financial position. Thus the Global Markets Department assesses the ability of the Trading Department to analyse trends, 
understand implications and shape the Bank’s fixed income portfolio or foreign exchange positions accordingly. 
The value-at-risk (“VaR”) limit for the Bank’s trading portfolio is calculated by the Risk Management Department 
according to the distribution of capital approved by the Board. The Bank updates its VaR limit quarterly based upon changing 
regulatory capital.

--- Page 151 ---
132 
Trading includes management of both customer flows as well as the Bank’s own positions. In anticipation of future 
customer demand, the Bank maintains access to market liquidity by quoting bid and offer prices and carries an inventory of 
money and capital market instruments including a broad range of cash and securities. The Bank also takes positions in the 
interest rate, foreign exchange and debt markets based upon expectations of customer demand or a change in market 
conditions. 
The Global Markets Department uses real-time position-keeping systems that, with the Bank’s information system 
and a data feed provided by Thomson Reuters, track the financial transactions in which the Bank takes part. Real-time 
positions are simultaneously reflected to the Bank’s online Counterparty Limit Monitoring System, which allows real-time 
counterparty limit monitoring by the Bank’s Internal Control Unit and other divisions and aims to avoid breaches in 
counterparty limits that are approved by the Bank’s Credit Committee. 
Derivative products have emerged extensively in recent years providing a wide variety of choices to corporate clients 
as well as individual investors. The Global Markets Department manages the Bank’s derivatives exposure within given delta 
and vega limits. The delta and vega exposures created by the customer flow can be directly hedged against in the markets or 
can be carried as positions as long as they are within the limits provided by the Bank’s Board. The Bank also provides 
competitive pricing in various derivative products (e.g., local currency, foreign currency, domestic treasury bills, eurobonds, 
equities and commodities) for the Bank’s clients. Although the Bank’s major derivative activities relate to the foreign 
exchange market, the Bank provides liquidity to its customers in the above-mentioned products as well. In addition, the 
department develops and prices tailor-made products for clients in order to fulfil their hedging and yield-enhancement needs. 
The department prices all derivative transactions whether for proprietary or hedging purposes (including forwards, swaps, 
futures and options). 
Global Market Sales and Financial Solutions Department 
The Global Market Sales and Financial Solutions Department aims to improve the access of the Bank’s customers 
to the financial markets and to assist in their operations therein. The department consists of five sections: marketing, corporate 
banking, commercial banking, private banking and financial solutions. The aim is to allow customers in these segments to 
access the market efficiently. The department performs the pricing of all treasury products (foreign currencies exchange, 
forwards, options, swaps, bonds in Turkish Lira and foreign currencies, eurobonds, deposits, loans, etc.) and creates tailor-
made solutions in line with the clients’ needs by serving directly to a selected client base or servicing through branches. 
In addition, the Global Market Sales and Financial Solutions Department advises corporate and commercial 
customers on risk management, offers solutions related to balance sheet and financial risk management and structures the 
necessary products. 
Global Markets Business Solutions Department 
The Structured Products Unit, one of the units of the Global Markets’ Business Solutions Department, develops 
derivative products required for the effective management of the Bank’s balance sheet and liquidity, such as those aimed at 
increasing profitability and hedging current risks, and also prepares the contracts related to these products. The Structured 
Products Unit analyses document-based risks in accordance with applicable legislation and accounting standards (local 
standards and IFRS). The unit also runs the “master agreement” negotiations process together with the Legal Department. 
Day-to-day responsibility for managing exposure to market risks lies with the Risk Control Unit that operates within 
the Global Markets’ Business Solutions Department. The Risk Control Unit also monitors the profitability and volume of 
global markets transactions and reports the size of the portfolios and stop-loss limits of individual trading desks. 
Day-to-day responsibility for managing exposure to operational risks lies within the Middle Office Unit of the Global 
Markets’ Business Solutions Department, which unit also examines the confirmations of global markets transactions in order 
to audit on- and off-market pricing, trader transaction limits, transaction data inputs and the accuracy of operations. 
Subsidiaries 
In addition to its core banking operations, the Group is active in the areas of leasing, factoring, investment banking, 
portfolio management, private pensions and life insurance brokerage in Türkiye, each of which is largely operated through a 
subsidiary of the Bank. In addition, the Bank has wholly-owned banking subsidiaries in the Netherlands (GBI, which has 
offices in Amsterdam and Germany) and Romania (Garanti BBVA Romania).

--- Page 152 ---
133 
The following tables reflect the contribution of the Bank and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries to the Group’s 
profit/(loss) and assets as of the indicated dates; however, this information is provided on a “non-consolidating” basis (i.e., 
without making adjustments for intra-Group transactions): 
 
 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
Assets 
Ownership(1) 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Türkiye Garanti Bankası..................................................
N/A
83.1%
81.5%
81.1%
81.9%
GBI ..................................................................................
100%
5.2%
6.6%
7.1%
6.9%
GHBV and Romania businesses(3)...................................
100%
3.7%
4.1%
4.2%
4.0%
Garanti Leasing................................................................
100%
1.0%
1.0%
1.2%
1.2%
Garanti BBVA Factoring.................................................
81.84%
0.5%
0.5%
0.7%
0.7%
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life .....................................
84.91%
0.5%
0.3%
0.4%
0.4%
Garanti BBVA Securities.................................................
100%
0.3%
0.3%
0.3%
0.6%
Garanti Asset Management .............................................
100%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Garanti Payment Systems................................................
100%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
Structured Entities(2)
Garanti Diversified Payment Rights Finance Company ..
0%
3.8%
3.7%
2.9%
2.6%
RPV Company.................................................................
0%
1.9%
2.0%
2.1%
1.8%
 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
For the three 
months ended 
31 March 2023 
Net Profit/(Loss)(4) 
Ownership(1) 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Türkiye Garanti Bankası..................................................
N/A
83.8%
85.5%
91.2%
85.7%
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life .....................................
84.91%
5.9%
4.0%
1.6%
2.0%
GHBV and Romania businesses(3)...................................
100%
1.8%
2.0%
1.0%
1.6%
GBI ..................................................................................
100%
0.6%
1.1%
1.1%
2.7%
Garanti BBVA Securities.................................................
100%
6.3%
3.2%
1.9%
3.4%
Garanti BBVA Factoring.................................................
81.84%
0.6%
0.8%
0.5%
0.9%
Garanti Leasing................................................................
100%
1.9%
1.3%
2.2%
3.8%
Garanti Asset Management..............................................
100%
0.8%
0.4%
0.2%
0.3%
Garanti Payment Systems................................................
100%
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
0.1%
Structured Entities(2)
Garanti Diversified Payment Rights Finance Company ..
0%
(1.7)%
1.7%
0.2%
(0.6)%
RPV Company.................................................................
0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
____________ 
(1) 
Ownership refers to the Bank’s direct and indirect ownership in the relevant subsidiary. 
(2) 
Garanti Diversified Payment Rights Finance Company and RPV Company are structured entities established for the Bank’s fund-raising transactions 
and are consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Neither the Bank nor any its subsidiaries has any shareholding interests 
in these companies. These companies have assets and liabilities in their own financial statements resulting from the fund-raising processes, many of 
which are eliminated during the consolidation processes. 
(3) 
Includes 100% ownership in GHBV and in the following Romanian businesses: Garanti BBVA Romania, Motoractive and Ralfi through G Netherlands. 
(4) 
As fees and commissions paid by one Group member to another increase the recipient’s income and the payer’s expenses, these percentages do not 
necessarily reflect fully the benefits that the Bank’s subsidiaries provide to the Group. 
The following provides brief summaries of each of the Bank’s material subsidiaries other than Garanti BBVA Bilişim 
Teknolojisi ve Ticaret T.A.Ş. (“Garanti BBVA Technology”), which is described in “Information Technology” below. As 
Garanti BBVA Technology is not a financial subsidiary, it is accounted for at cost in the Group’s financial statements. 
Garanti Bank International NV 
Established in 1990, GBI is a mid-sized European bank established in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and serves a 
retail, corporate and institutional clientele. GBI offers financial solutions to its customers and counterparties in the areas of 
trade and commodity finance, cash management, private banking, treasury and structured finance, while maintaining multi-
product relationships with local and global financial institutions around the world. GBI also provides targeted retail banking 
services in the Netherlands and Germany. 
GBI is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank and has a presence in Germany, Switzerland and Türkiye. GBI 
operates under Dutch and European Union laws, and is under the supervision of the ECB, De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB) 
and De Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM).

--- Page 153 ---
134 
GBI generated a net profit/(loss) of €6.8 million in 2020, €18.0 million in 2021, €40.8 million in 2022 and €24.1 
million during the first three months of 2023. GBI’s total assets amounted to €3,430 million as of 31 December 2020, €4,130 
million as of 31 December 2021, €5,106 million as of 31 December 2022 and €5,282 million as of 31 March 2023. 
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life 
Garanti BBVA Emeklilik ve Hayat A.Ş. (“Garanti BBVA Pension and Life”), founded in 1992 in İstanbul, offers life 
insurance policies and private pensions. The company utilises its expertise in bancassurance (i.e., the relationship between an 
insurer and a bank pursuant to which the insurer uses the bank’s sales channels in order to sell the insurer’s insurance and 
pension products) to offer its insurance and pension products to the Bank’s customers. Garanti BBVA Pension and Life, with 
over 1,270 participants, had a market share of 15.8% in the pension business as of 31 March 2023 according to the Pension 
Monitoring Centre (Emeklilik Gözetim Merkezi). 
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life managed a portfolio of TL 56,844.9 billion as of 31 March 2023 and held a 13.5% 
market share in pension fund assets under management as of such date according to the Pension Monitoring Centre. An auto-
enrollment system was introduced in December 2016 for public and private sector employees, with staged adoption starting 
in January 2017. Garanti BBVA Pension and Life, with 1,272,524 participants among private companies, was first in the 
market regarding pension fund management as of 31 March 2023 according to the Pension Monitoring Centre. 
In the life insurance business, as of 31 March 2023 the company serviced 3.7 million insurance policyholders. 
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life’s direct premium production increased by 77.09% in 2022 (to TL 2,579.5 million), following 
a 31.02% increase in 2021 (to TL 1,456.7 million from TL 1,111.8 million in 2020), whereas in the first three months of 2023 
there was TL 1,064.8 million in direct premium. The company had a market share of 8.98% as of 31 March 2023 as published 
by the Insurance Association of Türkiye (Türkiye Sigorta Birliği). Garanti BBVA Pension was the third most profitable private 
company in the sector during 2022 according to the Insurance Association of Türkiye. 
Since 2007, Garanti BBVA Pension and Life has also been marketing, promoting and selling certain general 
insurance products of its previously affiliated entity Eureko Sigorta A.Ş. pursuant to a general insurance agency agreement. 
These products are sold to bancassurance customers through the Group’s distribution network. 
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life had net profit/(loss) of TL 463,150 thousand in 2020, TL 634,738 thousand in 2021, 
TL 999,358 thousand in 2022 and TL 371,752 thousand during the first three months of 2023. The first quarter of 2023 
included claims of TL 58,935 thousand relating to the February 2023 earthquakes; however, after reinsurance, the company’s 
liability is expected to be significantly less. 
Garanti Leasing 
In 1990, the Bank established a leasing company, Garanti Finansal Kiralama A.Ş. (“Garanti Leasing”). In 2022, 
Garanti Leasing executed 1,272 new financial leasing deals (principally for the leases of business and construction machines) 
and recorded a total of US$459 million in new leases, as compared to 1,739 new financial deals (US$553 million in new 
leases) in 2021 and 1,097 new financial leasing deals (US$370 million in new leases) in 2020. During the first three months 
of 2023, Garanti Leasing executed 472 new financial leasing deals (principally for the leases of business and construction 
machines) and recorded a total of US$171 million in new leases. As of March 2023, the company had a market share of 9.4% 
for new contracts and an 11.5% market share in terms of transaction volume, each according to the Turkish Financial 
Institutions Association (Finansal Kurumlar Birliği). Garanti Leasing’s total assets were TL 5,846,989 thousand as of 
31 December 2020, TL 10,696,881 thousand as of 31 December 2021, TL 16,582,551 thousand as of 31 December 2022 and 
TL 19,046,095 thousand as of 31 March 2023. 
Garanti Leasing had a net profit/(loss) of TL 146,351 thousand in 2020, TL 705,121 thousand in 2021, TL 1,412,789 
thousand in the 2022 and TL 690,703 thousand in the first three months of 2023. 
Garanti Leasing has a 100% interest in both Garanti Filo Yönetim Hizmetleri A.Ş. (“Garanti BBVA Fleet”), which 
provides a car leasing service to individuals and businesses that require long-term vehicles, and Garanti Filo Sigorta Aracılık 
Hizmetleri A.Ş., which provides insurance for such vehicles. 
Garanti Holding and Romania Businesses 
Garanti Holding BV (“GHBV”), having its official seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, was incorporated on 
6 December 2007 as a private limited liability company. On 27 May 2010, the Bank purchased from Doğuş Holding all of

--- Page 154 ---
135 
the shares of GHBV, which is the sole shareholder of G Netherlands BV (“G Netherlands”). G Netherlands is the shareholder 
of Garanti BBVA Romania, Motoractive IFN SA (“Motoractive”) and Ralfi IFN SA (“Ralfi”), each founded in Romania. 
G Netherlands was incorporated on 3 December 2007 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and is an intermediate holding 
company with no trading activities. As of 31 March 2023, G Netherlands had investments in three Romanian companies 
specialising in financial services: Garanti BBVA Romania (99.9964%), which provides banking activities; Motoractive 
(99.99997%), which provides financial leases; and Ralfi (99.9994%), which provides consumer loans (sales finance and 
private label credit cards). Motoractive Multiservices SRL, a company providing operating leasing and related services, was 
incorporated by Motoractive in April 2007 and is a 100% subsidiary thereof. On 14 November 2014, Domenia, a mortgage 
provider company existing at the original acquisition of GHBV in 2010 and a subsidiary of G Netherlands, was acquired by 
Garanti BBVA Romania as a result of a merger process. 
Garanti BBVA Romania was active in the Romanian market as a branch of GBI since 1998, which branch was 
transferred into the newly licensed bank, incorporated in Romania, in May 2010. As of 31 March 2023, Garanti BBVA 
Romania operated 71 branches, 25 of which were located in the capital city Bucharest. The bank offers a full scope of universal 
banking products and services to its 430,563 customers (as of 31 March 2023) from the retail, SME and corporate segments. 
With 292,080 credit and debit cards and 9,599 active (15,592 in total) POS terminals as of such date, Garanti BBVA Romania 
had a market share of 1.44% (including non-banking financial institutions) in the issued credit cards market and 4.63% in 
POS terminals in Romania, both according to the public figures available from the Romanian National Bank as of 30 June 
2022. 
Motoractive is a joint-stock company incorporated in Romania. Motoractive undertakes leasing activities, mainly 
motor vehicles but also industrial plant, office equipment and real estate. Motoractive had 1,677 customers with 4,426 active 
contracts as of 31 March 2023 and has an extensive partnership network. 
Ralfi’s main activity is to provide consumer loans, particularly sales finance and personal loans. As of 31 March 
2023, Ralfi had 23,091 clients. 
The consolidated asset size of GHBV was €2.4 billion as of 31 December 2020, €2.6 billion as of 31 December 
2021, €3.0 billion as of 31 December 2022 and €3.1 billion as of 31 March 2023. GHBV contributed €18.9 million to the 
Group’s consolidated net profit/(loss) in 2020, €32.1 million in 2021, €38.9 million in 2022 and €14.4 million in the first three 
months of 2023. 
Garanti BBVA Factoring 
Garanti Faktoring A.Ş. (“Garanti BBVA Factoring”), founded in 1990, is one of Türkiye’s oldest factoring 
companies. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 81.84% of the company’s shares are owned by the Bank, 9.78% of its 
shares are owned by Export Credit Bank of Türkiye and the remaining shares are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. With a broad 
customer base, Garanti BBVA Factoring makes use of the Bank’s delivery channels to provide high-quality factoring products 
and services to its customers. The company recorded US$1.8 million in volume of receivables financed through factoring in 
2020, US$1.9 million in 2021, US$1.9 million in 2022 and US$639 million in the first three months of 2023, representing a 
market share of 7.79% as of 31 March 2023 in Türkiye according to the BRSA. 
Garanti BBVA Factoring had a net profit/(loss) of TL 50,150 thousand in 2020, TL 131,936 thousand in 2021, 
TL 350,742 thousand in 2022 and TL 167,937 thousand during the first three months of 2023. The company’s total assets 
amounted to TL 2,912,563 thousand as of 31 December 2020, TL 4,355,909 thousand as of 31 December 2021, TL 9,670,054 
thousand as of 31 December 2022 and TL 11,323,564 thousand as of 31 March 2023. 
Garanti BBVA Securities 
Garanti Yatırım Menkul Kıymetler A.Ş. (“Garanti BBVA Securities”) is a subsidiary of the Bank and one of the 
leading securities houses and investment banks in Türkiye. Garanti BBVA Securities serves Turkish and international 
customers in the areas of investment banking, brokerage, research and treasury. 
Garanti BBVA Securities provides equity brokerage services through its sales team and benefits from the Bank’s 
branch network while providing its services to its retail clients. As of 31 March 2023, Garanti BBVA Securities provided 
brokerage services to 593,324 customers. In the first three months of 2023, the company’s market share in the equity market 
was 5.41% (ranking fifth) while its derivatives market share was 3.40% (ranking ninth). In 2022, the company’s equity market 
share was 5.44% (ranking fourth) while its derivatives market share was 4.34% (ranking sixth).

--- Page 155 ---
136 
In 2022, foreign exchange client transaction volume decreased to US$9.2 billion from US$15.3 billion in 2021, 
which itself had decreased from US$23.7 billion in 2020. The reason for the decrease in volume in 2021 and 2022 was the 
decrease in the number of clients (from 696 in 2020 to 513 in 2021 and 323 in 2022). During the first three months of 2023, 
the foreign exchange client transaction volume was US$2.7 billion (with 168 customers). 
Garanti BBVA Securities’ international markets client transaction volume decreased from US$25.3 billion in 2020 
to US$20.0 billion in 2021 and US$12.7 billion in 2022. The decrease in 2021 was mainly due to customers’ expectations of 
an upward momentum in the markets and the resultant desire to maintain their positions, whereas the change in 2022 was 
primarily caused by unwinding future contracts as a result of the company’s risk measures due to volatility in the commodity 
market and the sell-off in global markets that, which caused a sharp decrease in volume. Although the transaction volume 
decreased in 2021 and 2022, the number of customers increased from 4,317 in 2020 to 5,686 in 2022. During the first three 
months of 2023, Garanti BBVA Securities’ international markets client transaction volume was US$4.1 billion (with 2,393 
customers). 
As one of the leading investment banks, Garanti BBVA Securities has successfully completed numerous mergers 
and acquisition, equity offerings, debt offerings and privatisation transactions, with a total transaction size of more than $77 
billion from its establishment in May 1991 through 31 March 2023 ($634 million in 2022 alone and US$342 million in the 
first three months of 2023). 
From the beginning of 2016, Garanti BBVA Securities’ treasury department has been providing pricing to listed 
single stock and index options. The company has been acting as a market maker in the Turkish equity derivatives market and 
achieved TL 312.7 billion in volume in 2020 on the futures and options market, TL 51.0 billion in 2021, TL 81.0 billion in 
2022 and TL 25.0 billion in the first three months of 2023. Garanti BBVA Securities held an 8.43% market share in the 
options market and a 3.42% market share in the “Vadeli İşlem ve Opsiyon Piyasası” (“VIOP”) futures market during the first 
three months of 2023, while the market shares in the index options and VIOP options markets were 12.27% and 4.31%, 
respectively, in full year 2022. 
Garanti Asset Management 
Founded in June 1997 as the first asset management company in Türkiye, Garanti Portföy Yönetimi A.Ş. (“Garanti 
Asset Management”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank. As of 31 March 2023, Garanti Asset Management managed 
103 mutual funds, in which Garanti Asset Management is also the owner/issuer, 43 pension funds of Garanti BBVA Pension 
and Life, one pension fund owned by another pension company and the portfolio of Garanti Yatırım Ortaklığı A.Ş. (a closed-
end fund listed on the Borsa İstanbul). The company also provides discretionary portfolio management services for both 
institutional and individual clients. 
Garanti Asset Management’s market share in terms of mutual funds was 9.57% as of 31 March 2023 according to 
Rasyonet, a third-party data vendor. As of such date, total assets under management amounted to TL 157.6 billion and, 
according to Rasyonet), the market share of pension funds was 14.81%. The mutual funds managed by the company had a 
market value of US$4.7 billion as of 31 March 2023. Garanti Asset Management distributes its mutual funds through the 
Bank’s branches, DCs and third party distribution channels, such as TEFAS (Türkiye Elektronik Fon Alım Satım Platformu) 
(Turkish Electronic Fund Distribution Platform). 
International Operations 
The Group’s international operations include foreign branches of the Bank in the Turkish Republic of Northern 
Cyprus (five branches (together with a Country Directorate in Northern Cyprus that was established in order to comply with 
the legal requirements in Northern Cyprus)) and The Republic of Malta and an international representative office in Shanghai. 
The Bank also has non-Turkish subsidiaries such as GBI and Garanti BBVA Romania, additional information about which 
can be found in “Subsidiaries” above. 
The Shanghai representative office started its operations in May 1999 and was the first Turkish bank outlet in Far 
East Asia. The Bank’s management believes that its Shanghai office puts the Group in a favourable position in establishing 
relations with Chinese banks and to initiate and develop business contacts with Turkish and Asian companies doing business 
in China. The branches in the Republic of Malta and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus are principally focused on 
servicing the needs of the Bank’s Turkish customers in these locations. 
Supporting the Bank’s efforts in trade and other cross-border transactions, the Bank relies upon its network of 
international correspondent banks. As of 31 March 2023 the Bank’s international network included more than 1,600

--- Page 156 ---
137 
correspondent banks in over 120 countries around the world. The Bank cooperates with these correspondent banks in trade 
financings, remittances and other tailor-made transactions of interest to its customers. 
The Group’s focus on international banking and trade finance operations has, together with its diversified range of 
credit products, resulted in an increased demand for contingent loan products such as letters of guarantee, letters of credit and 
export financing. According to the foreign trade statistics announced by TurkStat, the Group is one of the leading Turkish 
banks in foreign trade, having a 16.20% share in Türkiye’s import letters of credit by amount during 2022. As trade finance 
is a large fee generator, the Group intends to utilise its knowledge of trade finance, customer-oriented branch network, 
sophisticated technology and worldwide correspondent network to further strengthen its trade finance business. 
Marketing and Distribution Channels 
The Group is a well-recognised brand in Türkiye. Over time, through the introduction of successful products such 
as Bonus Card, Miles&Smiles and www.garanti.com.tr, the Group’s brand has strengthened. The market’s perception of the 
Group is periodically monitored by the Bank through brand tracking surveys and customer satisfaction surveys. These surveys 
have been useful in identifying customer perceptions of the Group’s attributes. 
The Bank’s customer-facing divisions pursue a relatively sophisticated marketing strategy that is innovative and 
visible as well as customer-tailored, as further described below. Cross-selling is at the core of most product campaigns and 
the Group continuously focuses on enhancing the effectiveness of its activities to increase the profitability of its customer 
base while maintaining its focus on risk management principles. For example, the Bank’s Retail Banking Department utilises 
media advertising, direct mailings (paper and electronic), SMS messaging and posters/brochures in branches. The Bank’s 
SME Banking Department reaches potential customers in various manners, including sponsoring a monthly magazine that 
reviews aspects of the business and SME markets in Türkiye. Marketing to potential commercial and, in particular, corporate 
customers is tailored to those customers’ individual needs. 
The Bank sells and cross-sells its customers either reactively or pro-actively using CRM tools. 
From a reactive sales perspective: (a) for mass customers who walk into branches of the Bank, the Bank serves them 
using the Sales Lead Systems (“SLS”), and (b) for both upscale and mass market customers, the Bank implements a system 
called the Sales Opportunities Tool (“SOT”) to inquire regarding customer product usage levels in each case in order to enable 
sales representatives or relationship managers to identify those products that can be sold reactively to these customers. SLS 
uses propensity and business rules, whereas SOT uses propensity and attrition rules and is designed around a unique customer 
profile. 
From a pro-active sales perspective, the Bank targets its mass market customers with outbound calls from its call 
centre and the eligibility of these customers is identified using propensity and business rules. Within a branch, for both upscale 
and mass customers, the Bank has a system called Pusula (Compass). This system identifies customer needs and, 
subsequently, propensity, business rules and some external data are used to meet those needs with the relevant products. The 
Bank offers these products to its customers as product bundles rather than as individual products, thereby seeking to meet 
both the customers’ main and secondary needs. Finally, groups of upscale and mass market customers with similar needs are 
combined as lead lists for the Bank’s sales representatives and relationship managers to pro-actively target. 
As the Bank’s management believes that selling additional products to the Group’s existing customers is the most 
effective method of increasing revenues and profitability, cross-selling opportunities are actively sought and implemented. 
Branch Network 
As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had 825 domestic branches, seven branches in Northern Cyprus, one branch in Malta 
and a representative office in Shanghai. The Bank conducts cost-benefit studies on an on-going basis in order to determine 
and maintain the best geographical distribution of branches in Türkiye. The Bank operates an extensive distribution network, 
operating in all 81 cities in Türkiye, with approximately half of the Bank’s branches being located in the three largest cities 
(namely İstanbul, Ankara and İzmir). 
To enhance customer experience and capture the benefits of the increasing digital options, the Bank has introduced 
a new branch service model named “Garanti Plus.” This new model integrates digital services more seamlessly into traditional 
branch services, positioning the Bank to be well prepared for future developments in service delivery. Garanti Plus has three 
main objectives: (a) improving customer experience, (b) increasing customer migration to the Bank’s digital platform, thereby 
reducing branch dependency, and (c) upgrading employees’ capabilities and thereby improve sales and operational efficiency.

--- Page 157 ---
138 
After a pilot program that was started in May 2017, the Bank transformed its entire domestic branch network to the new 
“Garanti Plus” service model, which seeks to decrease waiting times for customers and otherwise improve the customer 
experience and increase the efficiency of the Bank’s sales force. 
Digital Channels 
In addition to its large branch network, the Bank has developed an extensive DC network that includes internet 
banking, ATMs, call centres, mobile banking and kiosks. The increasing use of DCs by the Bank’s customers has increased 
the Bank’s cost-efficiency, has provided improved convenience to its customers by meeting their financial needs and has 
helped the Bank develop deeper relationships with its customers. The omni-channel strategy provides the Bank’s clients the 
advantage to conduct their transactions across a variety of alternative channels at all times. Going forward, the Bank’s 
management aims to better integrate these channels. 
The main benefits of the DC distribution strategy can be segmented into four groups: 
 
Improving branch performance: By substantially expanding the use of DCs, the Bank has significantly reduced less 
productive branch tasks (such as customer inquiries), freeing up the sales force and allowing them to focus on more 
profitable commercial activities and sales. Also, the migration to DCs has reduced the branch operating load and 
costs, with average cost per transaction being significantly lower for DC transactions. 
 
Improving customer service and therefore retention: Through DCs and their extended hours of operations (24/7), the 
Bank provides quick and convenient problem resolution. 
 
Enhancing revenues: The Bank exploits new sales opportunities by cross-selling and by telemarketing to potential 
customers through DCs, which also provide opportunities for incremental fees and charges. 
 
Deepening relationships with customers: DCs not only lead to operational efficiency in relation to transactions, but 
also portfolio efficiency via upsell and cross-selling opportunities on these channels. 
In addition to high-quality banking services, DCs also provide convenience-oriented value-added services like 
Western Union remittances both online and via ATMs, mobile remittances, video agent services as well as online/mobile 
stock account openings and instant stock exchange services. 
The Bank seeks to leverage its customers’ experience on DCs by utilising experience and new technologies. In 2018, 
the Bank introduced “UGI” to its mobile banking platform. UGI is an artificial intelligence-based virtual assistant (a “bot”) 
that performs banking transactions in a hands-free manner. It is a world-leading service among similar applications with its 
extensive and sophisticated understanding capacity and the ability to provide services for hundreds of thousands of different 
customer intents. UGI essentially allows users of the mobile app to speak to transact, including to obtain answers to questions 
about the latest account activity, to perform transfers, to buy or sell foreign currency or to find out an exchange rate. UGI’s 
capability for understanding complex inquiries such as “how much did I spend on my credit card for groceries” differentiates 
UGI from most other virtual banking assistants. Another superior characteristic of UGI is providing an omni-channel 
experience - if users’ requests cannot be addressed on the app, then UGI suggests other ways as a solution. During the first 
quarter of 2023, there was an average of 1.0 million customers having an average of more than 5.0 million interactions with 
UGI. 
Until recently, the process for a customer to open an equity investment account was available only in branches which 
took approximately one hour, including signing approximately 50 pages of related documents. The Bank digitalised this 
process in 2020 and an account can now be opened in as little as five minutes through a single digital approval, resulting in a 
significant increase in account openings. In 2022, 97% of new equity investment accounts were opened digitally. 
Consistent with advances in technology and customer preferences, the Bank’s customers are shifting their choice of 
distribution channel. In 2022, 97.6% of all non-cash transactions by the Bank’s customers were realised using DCs, all of 
which otherwise would have had to have been accomplished through tellers. The Bank’s principal DCs are described below: 
 
Internet Banking & Mobile Banking: The Bank had 13.7 million active digital banking users as of 31 March 2023. 
The Bank’s digital banking service processed over 961 million financial transactions in 2022 and offers more than 
500 types of transactions as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Bank offers mobile banking services via different 
platforms, including on iOS devices (the iPhone operating system), iPad devices and all Android-operated devices. 
As of 31 March 2023, the Bank had approximately 13.4 million active mobile customers. In addition to conventional

--- Page 158 ---
139 
banking products, customers can use these platforms to buy modular insurance and travel health insurance and obtain 
certain general purpose loans that have been developed specifically for the needs of digital customers. The mobile 
banking platform offers many technological features such as login via eye scanning, money withdrawal/deposit and 
foreign exchange withdrawal/deposit using QR (quick response) technology and the “UGI” virtual assistant. 
 
ATMs: The Bank’s 5,396 ATMs, as of 31 March 2023, served approximately 13.0 million different customers 
monthly during 2022. The ratio of cash withdrawal transactions to total transactions exceeded 58% during 2020, 
whereas the ratio of cash withdrawal transactions through the use of QR codes was almost 19% in 2022. In addition, 
transactions are available for the customers of other banks (who can use the Bank’s ATMs with their bank cards) on 
the Bank’s ATMs, including credit card debt payment and money deposit transactions. 
 
Call Centres: The Bank’s first call centre was opened in February 1998, making the Bank the first in Türkiye with 
both online and phone banking channels. Almost all of the Bank’s core banking services, including bill payments, 
tax payments, card payments and investment transactions, are offered through the Bank’s two call centres. The call 
centre personnel seek to actively cross-sell the Group’s products. In 2022, the call centres had 65.3 million customer 
contacts and the accumulated individual sales of products through call centres was 2.8 million. The call centre offers 
a “call steering service” pursuant to which customers can be directed to the related menu by saying their transaction 
needs without pressing any menu button on the phone. The call centre offers a free speech solution that authenticates 
users while they are naturally talking with agents during their call with the call centre, which allows users to perform 
banking transactions without the need for any additional security questions. 
Human Resources Management and Planning 
The Bank’s Human Resources department works in coordination with all of the Bank’s departments to support the 
Bank’s strategic plans. As of 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 and 31 March 2023, the Group had 21,910, 21,519, 21,694 
and 21,607 employees, respectively. 
While the Bank does hire some senior employees from outside the Group, non-entry level positions are generally 
filled through the promotion of existing employees of the Bank. 
Incentive policies are designed to enhance the performance achievement of each employee by applying the proper 
amount of incentive compared to base salary and using job-specific measurable performance criteria. Thus, for sales teams, 
incentive payments constitute a higher portion of benefits compared to back-office specialised jobs (e.g., headquarters jobs). 
None of these incentive policies include arrangements for the involvement of employees in the capital of the Bank. 
Properties 
As of 31 March 2023, the total net book value of the Group’s tangible assets (net) (which includes land, buildings 
and furniture) was TL 13.9 million, which was 0.9% of its total assets. The Group maintains comprehensive insurance 
coverage on all of the real estate properties that it owns. 
Information Technology 
The Bank’s management believes that the Group differentiates itself in part through the high quality of its 
information technology. The Group has organised its IT functions within the Bank’s wholly owned subsidiary, Garanti BBVA 
Technology. 
The IT solutions created by Garanti BBVA Technology have enabled the Group to improve its efficiency and 
effectiveness in serving its customers and to provide a better customer experience across all channels. The integrated solutions 
created in-house by Garanti BBVA Technology are pervasive across all channels and all levels of the Group. The services 
provided by Garanti BBVA Technology include business development (including marketing and management support), IT 
strategy, process and security services, software development, systems and operations, help desk, networking and field 
engineering. 
Approximately 99% of the Group’s operational transactions are processed through Garanti BBVA Technology, 
which aims to provide access and monitoring with a 99.99% availability and makes real-time copies of transaction records. 
In the first three months of 2023, Garanti BBVA Technology was responsible for the processing of approximately 1.6 billion 
transactions a day on average, with up to 1.9 billion transactions a day on peak days. The financial and core banking

--- Page 159 ---
140 
applications within Garanti BBVA Technology are developed by a team of over 605 software developers as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The development of business continuity management standards in all of the Bank’s subsidiaries is coordinated by 
the Bank’s Internal Control Unit. The Bank has developed a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan in case of natural 
disaster or significant disruption. This plan aims to ensure that in the event of such circumstances arising, the Group can 
continue to provide services to its customers, fulfil its legal obligations, minimise financial losses arising from the disruption 
and safeguard information assets. The plan is revised and tested on an annual basis. These tests include stress tests against 
various different scenarios. The Bank has alternative locations for ensuring the continuity of banking services against 
unexpected incidents. The plan also includes specific directives to personnel to instruct them to react appropriately in a disaster 
situation. All personnel have access to the plan’s guidelines through the Bank’s intranet. The plan also sets out a 
communication strategy in order to seek to ensure appropriate communication with internal and external target stakeholders. 
Insurance 
The Group’s fixed assets, cash-in-transit and cash-on-hand are covered by general insurance arrangements with third 
parties covering normal risks, and the Group also maintains blanket liability insurance (including in relation to electronic 
computer crime, professional indemnity and directors’ and officers’ liability). Loans that are secured by real estate are also 
required by the Group to be supported by fire and asset protection insurance with respect to secured assets. The Group does 
not have any credit risk insurance in relation to defaults by its customers and this is generally not available in Türkiye. 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies 
Türkiye is a member country of the FATF and has enacted laws to combat money laundering, terrorist/proliferation 
financing and other financial crimes. Minimum standards and duties include customer identification, record keeping, 
suspicious activity reporting, risk management and monitoring activities, employee training, audit functions and designation 
of a compliance officer. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the Financial Crimes Investigation Board (Mali Suçları 
Araştırma Kurulu) (the “FCIB”), which is the Turkish financial intelligence unit. In Türkiye, all banks and their employees 
are obliged to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding the treatment of activities that may be referred to as money-
laundering or terrorist/proliferation financing. 
The main provisions of the applicable law include regulation of: (a) client identification, (b) reporting of suspicious 
activity, (c) training, internal audit and control, risk management systems and other measures, (d) periodical reporting, (e) 
information and document disclosure, (f) retention of records and data, (g) data access systems to public records, (h) protection 
of individuals and legal entities and (i) written declaration of beneficial owners by transacting customers, among other 
provisions. Suspicious transactions must be reported to the FCIB. 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to act in compliance with all applicable laws and international standards on combatting money laundering and 
terrorism/proliferation financing, including to prohibit money laundering and any activities facilitating the money laundering 
process, the financing of terrorism/proliferation or criminal activities; provided that the Bank’s overseas branches and 
subsidiaries must comply with the applicable laws of their host country. 
The Bank seeks to prevent the use of the Group’s banking products and services for the purpose of money laundering 
and terrorism financing through a programme of compliance with the obligations of anti-money laundering and combatting 
the financing of terrorism rules, which programme is to be followed by all employees. This programme, which has been 
implemented throughout the Bank and its subsidiaries, includes written policies and procedures, assigning a compliance 
officer to monitor this matter, an audit and review function to test the robustness of anti-money-laundering and terrorism 
financing policies and procedures, monitoring and auditing customer activities and transactions in accordance with anti-
money laundering and terrorism financing law and employee training. 
In October 2014, the OECD’s Working Group on Bribery adopted the Phase 3 Report on Implementing the OECD 
Anti-Bribery Convention. In this report, the OECD Working Group expressed concerns about Türkiye’s low level of anti-
bribery enforcement and recommended that Türkiye improve its efforts to proactively detect, investigate and prosecute 
allegations of foreign bribery. The OECD Working Group also expressed concern regarding certain deficiencies in Türkiye’s 
corporate liability legislation and enforcement against legal persons and made several recommendations to address these 
concerns. In addition, on 21 October 2021, the FATF placed Türkiye on the so-called “grey list” of countries in need of 
elevated supervision of its legal framework for combatting terrorism and money laundering. The FATF cited concerns about 
inadequate supervision of Türkiye’s banking and real estate sectors and dealers in gold and precious stones, including having

--- Page 160 ---
141 
undertaken insufficient prosecutorial efforts against violators (including freezing of assets). Consequently, to reflect Türkiye’s 
progress, the FATF re-rated the country on 30 November 2021 on some recommendations and changed the rating of four 
recommendations from partially compliant to largely compliant. On 10 May 2022, the FATF re-rated the country and changed 
the rating of one recommendation from partially compliant to compliant and two recommendations from partially compliant 
to largely compliant. Changes in Turkish laws and practices might arise from these recommendations, which the Bank will 
monitor. 
Compliance with Sanctions Laws 
It is the policy of the Bank (including its entire domestic and overseas branch network) and each of the Bank’s 
subsidiaries to carry out operations in accordance with all applicable law and international standards. The Group’s policy is 
to comply with certain international sanctions programs, including particularly the sanctions imposed by the United Nations 
Security Council, the United States, the EU, the UK and Türkiye. The Group’s policy is to not provide services to countries 
and activities subject to such sanctions, or to intermediate any banking service, in breach of such sanctions, including with 
respect to the proceeds of the Notes. 
OFAC administers laws that restrict the ability of U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, 
SDNs, and similar laws have been put in place by other U.S. government agencies (including the State Department), the EU, 
the UK, the United Nations and Türkiye. The Bank maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with 
all such laws regarding doing business with, maintaining accounts for, or handling transactions or monetary transfers for 
Sanction Targets. 
Before opening an account for, or entering into any transaction with, a customer, the Bank checks whether such 
customer is listed as a Sanction Target. In addition, the names of all customers and all incoming and outgoing transactions 
are continuously and automatically screened by a filtering programme against a list of Sanction Targets. All of the Bank’s 
daily transactions are further reviewed for compliance with sanction lists by the Bank or a third party screening company. 
Accordingly, the Bank’s current policies restrict the Bank from engaging in any prohibited business investments and 
transactions with Sanction Targets, including with respect to the proceeds of the Notes. 
In connection with the rapid changes in sanctions relating to the conflict in Ukraine, the Bank has taken enhanced 
measures to monitor these events and seek to ensure compliance with sanctions as they apply to Russia. 
Credit Ratings 
Each of the Bank’s credit ratings (and, where relevant, ratings outlook) from Fitch, Moody’s and JCR Eurasia as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The date of the Bank’s rating 
is based upon the last applicable report of the applicable rating agency. 
Fitch (24 February 2023)
Long-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook:
B- / Negative
Short-term Foreign Currency Issuer Default Rating:
B
Long-term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating/Outlook:
B / Negative
Short-term Local Currency Issuer Default Rating:
B
National Long-term Rating/Outlook
AA (tur) / Stable
Shareholder Support Rating:
b-
Viability Rating:
b
Moody’s (16 August 2022)
Long-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating/Outlook:
B3 / Stable
Short-term Foreign Currency Deposit Rating:
Not Prime
Long-term Local Currency Deposit Rating:
B3 / Stable
Short-term Local Currency Deposit Rating:
Not Prime
BCA (Baseline Credit Assessment):
b3
Adjusted BCA:
b3
Senior Unsecured Debt Rating/Outlook:
B3 / Stable
National Scale Rating (NSR) Long Term Deposit:
Baa1.tr
NSR Short Term Deposit:
TR-2

--- Page 161 ---
142 
JCR Eurasia (30 September 2022)
Long-term International Foreign Currency Rating/Outlook:
BBB- / Stable
Long-term International Local Currency Rating/Outlook:
BBB / Stable
Long-term National Local Currency Rating/Outlook:
AAA(Tr) / Stable
Sponsor Support:
1
Stand-Alone: 
A 
Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies). As Fitch is 
not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, 
Fitch’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be endorsed (and Fitch’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Fitch 
Ratings Limited Ireland, which is established in the European Union and included in such list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA. 
Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website noted in the previous paragraph in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. As Moody’s is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website noted in the previous paragraph, Moody’s rating of any Tranche is expected to be 
endorsed (and Moody’s rating of the Bank is endorsed) by its affiliate Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in 
the EU and included in such list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA. 
JCR Eurasia, which is not established in the EU or the UK and is not registered in accordance with either the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, is not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA on 
their respective websites noted above. 
Litigation and Administrative Proceedings 
The Group is subject to various ongoing legal proceedings, as described below, but the Bank’s management does 
not believe that such proceedings, individually or taken together, are likely to have a significant effect on the Group’s financial 
position or profitability. 
Interest Rates Investigation 
In a decision dated 2 November 2011, the Turkish Competition Board resolved to initiate an investigation against 
12 banks operating in Türkiye to determine whether they have acted in concert and violated Turkish competition laws in 
respect of interest rates and fees applicable to deposits, loans and credit card services that they offer. As part of this 
investigation, the Competition Board investigated the Bank and two of its subsidiaries, GPS and Garanti Mortgage. The 
Competition Board announced its fines on 8 March 2013, with the Bank and such subsidiaries being fined TL 213 million, 
and on 16 August 2013 the Bank paid three quarters of this administrative penalty (i.e., TL 160.04 million), in accordance 
with the provisions of law permitting a 25% reduction if paid within 30 days after the Bank’s receipt of the final decision 
(which was received on 17 July 2013). Notwithstanding this payment, the Bank filed an annulment action before the 2nd 
Administration Court of Ankara, which action was rejected. The Bank has appealed the court’s decision of rejection; however, 
the 13th Chamber of the Council of State has also rejected the appeal. On 1 July 2016, the Bank requested the revision of 
such decision from the Council of State, Plenary Session of Administrative Law Chambers, which was accepted by the 
Council of State, Plenary Session of Administrative Law Chambers; however, the 2nd Administration Court of Ankara upheld 
the decision. Such decision to uphold the decision was appealed by the Bank. The Plenary Session of Administrative Law 
Chambers accepted the Bank’s appellate plea and reversed the first degree’s decision to sustain its original ruling. The 
Competition Board applied for a revision of the decision, which was rejected by the Plenary Session of Administrative Law 
Chambers. Following this ruling, the first degree court annulled the administrative fine, upon which the deposited 
administrative fine amount was refunded to the Bank. The Competition Board has appealed this decision. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the post-appellate decision of the Plenary Session of Administrative Law Chambers is pending. 
In addition to the monetary fines imposed by the Competition Board, the Bank, pursuant to articles 57 and 58 of the 
Law on the Protection of Competition, numerous customers have filed individually small claims against the Bank on the 
grounds that such customers have suffered damages. Of the approximately 1,206 lawsuits that have been initiated as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, only a very small number have resulted in a court decision as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
with all but one of those decisions resulting in a dismissal of the lawsuit. The Bank is appealing the one case that was decided

--- Page 162 ---
143 
against it. While the burden of proof lies with the customers and the Bank’s management is of the view that no real damage 
was caused to any customers, there can be no guarantee that the Turkish courts would agree with such analysis and the number 
of such claims may increase. The amount of the fine imposed by the Competition Board (and any related damages successfully 
proven by a customer) will be sufficiently covered by the Bank’s existing general provisions.

--- Page 163 ---
144 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
The Bank measures and monitors its risk exposure on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis by using methods 
compliant with international standards and in accordance with applicable law. Advanced risk management tools are utilised 
in measuring operational risk, market risk, asset and liability risk, counterparty credit risk and credit risk. Within these 
categories, the Bank seeks to identify the risks and risk factors from various perspectives, including customer-centeredness, 
workplace, ethics and citizenship, finances and leadership, and prepares a set of action plans to mitigate these risks. The Bank 
also focuses on the reputational risks that it faces. The risks are then monitored by the relevant committees within the Bank. 
The Bank’s risk management strategies, policies and implementation procedures are reviewed within the framework 
of the Bank’s needs and changes to law. The risk management process is designed so that the material themes and strategic 
goals are linked and form the basis for identifying risks and opportunities. Through the Bank’s risk appetite framework, the 
Bank’s management determines the risks that it is prepared to take based upon the predicted capability of the Bank to manage 
such risks so as to achieve the goals and strategic objectives that are defined by the Board. Risk-based limits and metrics 
pertaining to capital, liquidity and profitability, each of which are determined per the risk appetite framework, are monitored 
regularly. 
The Risk Management Department handles the preparation of an internal capital adequacy assessment process report 
(the “ICAAP Report”) to be submitted to the BRSA, which report presents an assessment of the Bank’s risk appetite and 
internal capital adequacy assessment process. In addition, the Bank submits a stress test report to the BRSA, which report 
(inter alia) analyses the impact of potential negative macroeconomic data on the Bank’s three-year budget plan and results 
within the framework of certain scenarios, as well as their impact upon certain key ratios of the Bank, including its capital 
adequacy ratios. 
A summary of the Bank’s management of certain risks is set forth below. See note 4.10.1 in the Group’s BRSA 
Interim Financial Statements for additional information on the management of these and other risks as of the date thereof. 
Market Risk Management 
The Bank measures its market risk in accordance with applicable laws, its internal policies and procedures and 
internationally accepted methodologies, which are implemented in line with the Bank’s structure. Market risk is managed by 
measuring and limiting risk in accordance with these international standards, by allocating sufficient capital and minimising 
risk through hedging transactions. 
Market risk is defined as the risk that the Bank faces due to fluctuations in the market price of positions that it 
maintains on or off its balance sheet for trading purposes and is calculated daily using the VaR model. The VaR is a measure 
of the maximum expected loss in the market price of a portfolio with a certain maturity at a certain confidence interval and a 
certain probability as a result of market value fluctuations. The VaR is calculated using a historical simulation method and 
two-year historical data at a 99% confidence interval. Regular backtesting is conducted to measure the reliability of the VaR 
model, which is also validated on an annual basis. Market risk is managed through capital, VaR and stop/loss limits approved 
by the Board. These limits, which are determined according to annual profit/loss targets, are monitored and reported daily by 
the Market and Structural Risk Department. In addition, a valuation function is performed by the Market and Structural Risk 
Department, which is independent from (and does not report to) the applicable line of business. 
In order to identify the risks that might arise from major market volatilities, regular stress tests and scenario analyses 
are conducted using the VaR model. 
Structural Interest Rate Risk Management 
To determine and manage the Bank’s exposure to structural interest rate risk arising from maturity mismatches in its 
balance sheet, the Bank’s duration gap, economic value of equity (“EVE”), economic capital (“ECAP”), credit spread risk, 
net interest income (“NII”), earnings at risk (“EaR”) and securities portfolio are monitored by measuring market price 
sensitivity. 
The interest rate risk metrics that are calculated and the related reports that are generated are used by the Bank’s 
management in managing balance sheet interest rate risk under the supervision of the ALCO. Stress tests and scenario analyses 
are carried out within the framework of structural interest rate risk to measure the risks resulting from Bank-specific negative

--- Page 164 ---
145 
developments or major risks and vulnerabilities that might arise in the economic and financial environment under stress, in 
each case applying both internal and regulatory requirements for managing interest rate risk. Models that are used in interest 
rate risk calculations and net interest income forecasting include those that model the prepayment of loans, non-performing 
loans’ time to recovery, core deposits, the average life analysis of demand deposits, the early redemption of time deposits and 
the shift between demand and time deposits. 
The results of stress tests are used by the Bank’s management as one input in determining the Bank’s risk appetite, 
limits and budgets, for generating balance sheet management strategies and for evaluating the Bank’s need for capital. Within 
this framework, internal limits for EVE sensitivity, ECAP, NII sensitivity, EaR, securities EVE sensitivity and credit spread 
risk are regularly monitored and reported. The interest rate risk in the banking book is measured on an unconsolidated basis 
using the standard shock method. Regulatory limits are monitored and reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis. The Bank 
also monitors that its subsidiaries set and monitor internal structural interest rate risk limits. 
Structural Exchange Rate Risk Management 
The potential impact of negative exchange rate fluctuations upon the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio and foreign 
currency risk-weighted assets is regularly followed up, monitored according to internal limits and reported, including in 
circumstances in which the Bank performs material operations in currencies other than the local currency or maintains 
positions for shareholders’ equity-hedging purposes. The analyses conducted in this framework are expanded to encompass 
potential sensitivities that might result from Bank-specific negative events or changes in the market by supervising the 
regulatory and internal structural exchange rate risk management requirements. In addition, the Bank’s foreign currency 
position and the profit/(loss) movements resulting from this position are monitored and reported at regular intervals, as is the 
foreign currency sensitivity of the Bank’s 12 month projected profit and loss expectation. The Bank also monitors that its 
subsidiaries set and monitor internal structural exchange rate risk limits. 
Liquidity Risk Management 
Within the framework of liquidity and funding risk policies approved by the Board, liquidity risk is managed under 
the supervision of the ALCO and the “Weekly Review Committee” in order to take appropriate and timely measures in case 
of reduced liquidity arising from market conditions or due to the Bank’s financial structure. Under the liquidity contingency 
plan approved by the Board, the Bank monitors liquidity risk within the scope of early warning indicators and thresholds that 
anticipate potential liquidity stresses that could activate the Bank’s liquidity contingency plan. This plan includes 
communication procedures, predefined measures and action plans and a detailed allocation of roles and responsibilities in the 
circumstance of a liquidity stress event. 
A liquidity risk stress test is performed periodically in order to identify potential liquidity tensions and to ensure that 
the Bank has a sufficient liquidity buffer to face exceptional liquidity stresses. Liquidity risk is monitored by internal limits 
in order to assess the funding structure and liquidity capacity based upon maturity buckets and to manage short-term funding 
sources effectively, while compliance with minimum regulatory liquidity ratios is monitored. Behavioural modelling is 
performed for deposits, which are an important balance sheet item in terms of liquidity management. Concentrations in 
liquidity and funding risks are monitored. Since 2018, intraday liquidity risk has been monitored regularly using defined 
metrics. Under the “Rules on Liquidity and Funding Risk” approved by the Risk Committee of the Board, situations 
anticipating intraday liquidity stress, which could activate the contingency plan, are monitored and stress testing is performed 
for intraday liquidity risk. Within the “internal capital adequacy assessment process” (“ICAAP”), liquidity planning is 
performed annually. Stress test results for subsidiaries are monitored and the Bank monitors that its subsidiaries for which 
liquidity risk is applicable establish and monitor internal liquidity and funding limits to assess the robustness of their liquidity 
and funding structures and have liquidity and funding risk policies (including a liquidity contingency plan) approved by their 
respective boards of directors. 
Credit Risk Management 
Credit risk management, which involves a process of consistently evaluating and monitoring credit risk, and covers 
all of the Bank’s credit portfolios. The adequacy of the Bank’s internal capital is evaluated with stress tests and scenario 
analyses, which (including in reports to the Bank’s management) are compared to their historic performance. 
Within the scope of ICAAP and stress testing, the internal capital for credit risk, credit concentration risk 
calculations, stress tests and scenario analyses are evaluated on an annual basis and, according to the levels of risk, new stress 
tests and scenario analyses are designed. Also economic capital, transition risk, concentration risk and other ICAAP models

--- Page 165 ---
146 
are performed. All credit units are coordinated to assess their compliance with internal credit requirements, which assessment 
is then reported to the relevant committees for their analysis and action. 
Under the asset allocation performed annually (or, if necessary, more frequently) in view of risk-based return, 
nominal limits are determined for credit portfolios, for which approval of the Board is required. Internal capital thresholds 
and risk-adjusted return targets for the entire portfolio are determined and monitored within the framework of asset allocation 
limits. Impact analyses are performed according to updated or renewed risk parameters and necessary documents are presented 
to the relevant committees from whom approval is required. In addition, development and improvement projects are carried 
out for the systemic automation of calculations and analyses. 
In order to rate customers in the loan portfolios using objective criteria, outputs from scorecard models and internal 
risk rating models, which were developed using statistical methods on historical data, are incorporated into the relevant 
lending policies and procedures of the Bank. The probability of default calculated by models for loan portfolios, loss given 
default, credit conversion factors and other parameters are used for credit allocation authorisations, internal capital allocation, 
risk appetite indicators, asset allocation limits, risk-based profitability calculations, budgeting, concentration risk calculations 
and stress tests. In IFRS 9, the output of the internal credit decision systems as specified above (i.e., the internal risk rating 
models, retail application and behavioural scorecards) are, together with other important explanatory variables, used as risk 
drivers to determine the final score category and the corresponding probability of default, which is used in the calculation of 
expected credit loss. 
All of the methods and methodologies for credit risk management are subjected to qualitative and quantitative 
validation, and periodic monitoring of the models’ performance is undertaken in order to determine whether any revisions are 
needed. 
Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is managed on the basis of the three lines of defence approach within the framework of risk 
management policies approved by the Board. The Board determines the risk appetite for operational risk and related limits 
and the Bank’s senior management ensures consistent and efficient implementation and maintenance of the operational risk 
management framework in relation to all activities, processes and products. 
In the first line of the three lines of defence approach adopted for operational risk management, all business lines 
and departments of the Bank take part and manage their operational risks within the framework of the Bank’s policies and 
implementation principles. The second line of the three lines of defence approach adopted for operational risk management 
supports the Bank’s senior management for understanding and managing the operational risks that the Bank is exposed to and 
the Board’s monitoring of operational risk management activities. This second line of defence consists of the Internal Control 
Unit, Risk Management and Compliance Department, which are independent units that report directly to the Board. In 
addition, units that have responsibility for factors that have a potential direct and/or indirect impact upon the Bank’s general 
operational risk level provide support, to the extent necessary and appropriate, to the management of operational risks that 
other units are exposed to in accordance with Article 26 of the Operational Risk Management Guide published by the BRSA. 
The risk management that takes place in the second line of defence designs measurement and assessment tools (e.g., loss data, 
scenario analyses, risk indicators and self-assessment and a new initiative approval process) as part of operational risk 
measurement and management and provides the necessary guidance and coordination for their use. The Risk Management 
Department uses the data obtained by measurement tools to generate reports for the Bank’s management and the Board. The 
Internal Audit Department, which performs internal audit activities, is the final line in the three lines of defence approach for 
operational risk management. The Internal Audit Department independently reviews all aspects of the operational risk 
management framework. 
Reputational Risk Management 
The Bank identifies, evaluates and manages its reputational risk, seeking to avoid transactions and activities that 
might cause reputational risk in the view of the Bank’s customers, legal authorities and other stakeholders. Training of 
employees is held with the aim of raising awareness about reputational risk throughout the Bank and encouraging all 
employees to fulfil their applicable duties and responsibilities. In order to ensure efficient management of reputational risk 
throughout the Bank, the Bank monitors the Bank’s reputation and seeks to protect its reputational risk through a methodical 
approach, taking necessary precautions before reputational risk occurs. 
This methodical approach includes regularly reviewing and updating its map of reputational risks that it faces and 
the set of action plans to mitigate these risks. The Bank defines key risk indicators for each risk factor in order to monitor the

--- Page 166 ---
147 
strength of the risk mitigation procedures, including identifying the risks and risk factors from various perspectives, including 
customer-centeredness, workplace, ethics and citizenship, finances and leadership. Efforts carried out to this end include: (a) 
monitoring the media, the press and social media platforms with respect to the Bank’s reputation, conducting a regular 
reputation analysis and managing potential impacts, (b) ensuring continued awareness of compliance with laws, corporate 
standards, codes of conduct and best practices and (c) developing of processes that support the management of IT/information 
security and IT-related risks. 
Counterparty Credit Risk 
The counterparty credit risk strategy, policy and implementation principles are defined in a policy document 
approved by the Board. The Bank measures, monitors and creates limits for this risk in line with this policy. The Bank uses 
the “internal model method” to measure and report its counterparty credit risk for derivative transactions, repurchase 
transactions and security and commodity lending and uses the “current exposure method” for regulatory purposes. Within this 
scope, the Bank employs risk mitigation techniques through its framework agreements (e.g., ISDA, CSA and GMRA), 
obtaining collateral and complementing margins as part of counterparty credit risk management to the extent allowed by 
national and international law. This model is validated annually. The Bank also calculates economic capital for counterparty 
credit risk by way of a model that uses parameters (e.g., ratings, probability of default and loss given default) based upon an 
internal model. 
Country Risk Management 
Under the country risk policy approved by the Board, methods compliant with international norms and local law are 
employed to evaluate and monitor developments in country risk on the basis of individual countries. Actions are taken to 
make sure that the Bank’s country risk exposure remains within the set limits, and related reporting, control and audit systems 
are established as necessary. 
Concentration Risk Management 
The Bank defines and monitors any concentrations among different types of risks or in any individual risk that might 
result in material losses that would endanger the Bank’s ability to sustain fundamental activities or financial structure or lead 
to a significant change in the Bank’s risk profile, within the framework of the policy approved by the Board. Qualitative and 
quantitative assessments of concentrations on the basis of individual risks or among risks are addressed in reports produced 
according to risk-oriented policies and procedures. 
Risk Management in Subsidiaries 
The Bank determines the needs for risk management of the Bank’s subsidiaries and (in coordination with the risk 
management personnel in these entities) ensures that required studies and reports with the scale appropriate for their structure, 
complexity, size and risks are effectively managed. Required studies are carried out with these entities in accordance with 
market conditions and legal regulations to align risk management policies, rules, procedures and risk limits with those of the 
Bank. These risk management activities are monitored periodically.

--- Page 167 ---
148 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
The Bank’s board of directors (the “Board”) meets regularly and, with the guidance of the Bank’s senior 
management, is instrumental in planning the medium-and long-term strategy of the Group. The Board makes all major 
management decisions affecting the Bank. The Board acts as a supervisory body for the Bank’s activities and determines the 
code of ethics and business conduct of the Bank. 
Pursuant to the Bank’s articles of association, the General Assembly of the Bank’s shareholders sets the number of 
members on the Board, which should consist of at least seven members in addition to the CEO. 
Each member has a right of one vote and it is not permissible that a member vote on behalf of another member by 
proxy. The members of the Board are appointed for a period of three years and may be re-elected. The members of the Board 
may not participate in discussions relating to or vote for personal matters or any matter concerning interests of relatives such 
as their spouses and children. 
Corporate Governance Communiqué 
On 3 January 2014, the CMB issued Communiqué No. II-17.1 on Corporate Governance (as amended, the 
“Corporate Governance Communiqué”), which provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance 
principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations department. The Corporate 
Governance Communiqué also contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders, (b) public disclosure and 
transparency, (c) the stakeholders of companies and (d) the Board. A number of principles are compulsory, while the 
remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed 
companies into three categories according to their market capitalisation and the market value of their free float shares, subject 
to recalculation on an annual basis. The Bank is classified as a “Tier 1” company, thus requiring it to comply with the most 
stringent set of requirements. The Bank is also subject to corporate governance principles stated in banking regulations and 
in regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. 
Some provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye 
and listed on the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain 
markets of the Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable 
to banks that are traded on the Borsa İstanbul, including the Bank. The Bank is required to state in its annual activity report 
whether it is in compliance with the principles applicable to it under the Corporate Governance Communiqué. In case of any 
non-compliance, explanations regarding such non-compliance are also to be included in such report. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank complies with the mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate governance 
principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with the new principles, which 
include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to revoke any unlawful transactions or actions 
that contradict these principles. 
See also “Turkish Regulatory Environment – Corporate Governance Principles.”

--- Page 168 ---
149 
Members of the Board 
The directors of the Bank (the “Directors”) are the following: 
Director 
Year First Appointed 
Current End of Term 
Süleyman Sözen (Chairman)
1997 (Chairman since 2017)
March 2024
Jorge Sáenz Azcúnaga Carranza (Vice Chairman)
2016
March 2024
Recep Baştuğ (CEO)
2019
March 2024
Sait Ergun Özen
2003
March 2024
Cüneyt Sezgin, PhD
2004
March 2024
Pablo Alfonso Pastor
2021
March 2024
Rafael Salinas Martinez de Lecea
2017
March 2024
Belkis Sema Yurdum
2013
March 2024
Jaime Saenz de Tejada Pulido
2014
March 2024
Mevhibe Canan Özsoy
2019
March 2024
Aydın Düren 
2020 
March 2024 
Additional information on each of the Directors is set forth below: 
Süleyman Sözen (Chairman) 
Mr. Sözen is a graduate of Ankara University’s Faculty of Political Sciences and worked as a Chief Auditor at the 
Turkish Ministry of Finance and the Turkish Treasury. Since 1981, he has served in various positions in the private sector, 
mainly in financial institutions. Having served on the Board since 1997, Mr. Sözen was appointed as the Vice Chairman on 
8 July 2003. Mr. Sözen, who holds a Certified Public Accountant licence, also serves as a board member of Görüş YMM and 
as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Teachers Academy Foundation. Mr. Sözen has 40 years of experience in banking 
and business administration. 
Jorge Sáenz-Azcúnaga (Vice Chairman) 
Jorge Sáenz-Azcúnaga earned a BS in Business Administration from Universidad Deusto. He has devoted his entire 
career to BBVA, starting as a Research Analyst. He then worked as a Corporate Strategist, Head of CEO Office, Business 
Development (Commercial & Institutional Banking in Spain), Head of Strategy (Wholesale Banking & Asset Management), 
Head of Strategy and Planning (Spain & Portugal) and, between 2013 and 2015, as a Regional Manager for the north of Spain. 
In 2015, he started serving as the Head of Business Monitoring Spain, USA and Türkiye, and then was appointed Head of 
Country Monitoring and a member of the Global Leadership Team of BBVA. Mr. Sáenz-Azcúnaga is member of the Board 
of Directors of BBVA Compass Bancshares in the U.S. and BBVA Bancomer in Mexico. He has been serving as the Board 
Member of Garanti since March 2016 and, since such time, as an Audit Committee member of Garanti. He is deemed to be 
an independent board member of the Board of Directors of the Bank in accordance with the relevant regulations of the CMB. 
He was appointed as Vice Chairman in September 2017. Mr. Sáenz-Azcúnaga has 28 years of experience in banking and 
business administration. 
Recep Baştuğ (CEO) 
Mr. Baştuğ graduated from Çukurova University’s Faculty of Economics. He joined the Bank as an Internal Auditor 
in 1989 and worked as a Corporate Branch Manager between 1995 and 1999 and as a Commercial Regional Manager 
between 1999 and 2004. He served as the Commercial Banking Coordinator between 2004 and 2013 and served as an 
Executive Vice President from 2013 to 2018. After serving in various capacities on a number of boards of directors at one 
of Türkiye’s largest industrial groups, he was appointed as CEO of the Bank in September 2019. Mr. Baştuğ is also the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at GBI, Garanti BBVA Romania, Garanti BBVA Securities, Garanti BBVA Pension and 
Life, Garanti BBVA Factoring, Garanti Leasing, Garanti BBVA Payment Systems and Garanti Technology and he is a board 
member at Garanti Holding B.V. and G Netherlands. In addition to his responsibilities with the Group, he also serves as a 
board member of the Banks Association of Türkiye and the İstanbul Foundation for Culture and Arts (İKSV) and as a member 
of the board of trustees of the Teachers Academy Foundation. Mr. Baştuğ has 31 years of experience in banking and business 
administration.

--- Page 169 ---
150 
Sait Ergun Özen 
Mr. Sait Ergun Özen earned a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from State University of New York and is a graduate 
of the Advanced Management Programme at Harvard Business School. He started his banking career in 1987 at a private 
bank’s treasury department and joined the Bank in 1992. Mr. Özen served as the President and CEO of the Bank between 
April 2000 and September 2015 and has been a member of the Bank’s board since 2003. Mr. Özen is the Chairman of Boyner 
Perakende ve Tekstil Yatırımları A.Ş. and a member of the board of Atom Bank. Mr. Özen has 34 years of experience in 
banking and business administration. 
Cüneyt Sezgin, PhD 
Mr. Sezgin received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the Middle East Technical University’s Department of Business 
Administration, an MBA from Western Michigan University and a PhD from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Economics. 
He has served in executive positions at several private banks and joined the Bank in 2001. Dr. Sezgin serves as a member of 
the board of directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee at Garanti BBVA Romania, Garanti BBVA Pension and Life 
and Garanti BBVA Securities and as a member of the board of Türk Telekom and several of its subsidiaries. Dr. Sezgin is a 
member of the board of trustees of the Teachers Academy Foundation, World Wildlife Foundation Türkiye and Kabataş 
Education Foundation and a member of the board of the Finance Executives Foundation of Türkiye and Corporate Governance 
Association of Türkiye. Dr. Sezgin has been serving as a member of the Bank’s board since 2004 and has 33 years of 
experience in banking and business administration. 
Belkis Sema Yurdum 
Ms. Sema Yurdum graduated from Boğaziçi University, Faculty of Administrative Sciences in 1979 and completed 
the Advanced Management Programme in Harvard Business School for senior managers in 2000. After working in a private 
sector company as an expert in human resources, she had a career in the banking sector from 1980 through 2005. She worked 
as an Executive Vice President of the Bank and held audit committee membership in various of its subsidiaries between 1992 
and 2005. Ms. Yurdum is a member of the board of directors of Garanti BBVA Romania. Offering management consultancy 
services since 2006, Ms. Yurdum has been serving as an independent board member of the Bank since April 2013. 
Ms. Yurdum has 40 years of experience in banking and business administration. 
Jaime Saenz de Tejada Pulido 
Mr. Jaime Saenz de Tejada Pulido holds undergraduate degrees from Universidad Pontificia de Comillas (ICADE) 
in both Law & Economics and Business Sciences and completed the Programa de Dirección General (PDG) at IESE Business 
School in 1999. He joined BBVA in 1992 and, in 2000, was appointed as the Director of Corporate and Investment Banking 
in the U.S. He then served as a Managing Director of BBVA Banco Continental in Peru until his return to Spain as Territorial 
Director at the end of 2007. In 2011, Mr. Saenz de Tejada Pulido was appointed as the Director of Business Development of 
Spain and Portugal and, in May 2012, became a member of the Executive Committee of the BBVA Group. He served as the 
Director of Strategy & Finance in 2014 and then, in 2015, was appointed to his current role as Global Head of Finance & 
Accounting at BBVA Group. He has been serving as a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank since October 2014 and 
has 29 years of experience in banking and business administration. 
Rafael Salinas Martinez de Lecea 
Mr. Salinas Martinez de Lecea graduated with a degree in economics and business management from Universidad 
de Alicante, later obtaining further studies at the Centro de Estudios Monetarios y Financieros del Banco de España (CEMFI), 
the London School of Economics (a masters degree in econometrics and mathematical economics) and the University of 
Chicago (a master in business administration). After beginning his career, Mr. Salinas Martinez de Lecea joined the BBVA 
Group in 1991, becoming Director of Derivative Products at BBV interactivos, S.V.B. From 1998 to 2003, he worked as the 
Deputy Director of Assets and Liability Management of the BBVA Group. After then working as the Head of Capital Base 
Management of BBVA, he was appointed as the CFO of Banco de Credito Local de Espana (a subsidiary of BBVA) in 2003. 
From 2006 to 2015, he served as the Director of Risk & Portfolio Management of the Corporate and Investment Banking unit 
of BBVA and, since 2015, he has been the Head of Global Risk Management of the BBVA Group. Mr. Salinas has been 
serving as a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank since May 2017 and has 30 years of experience in banking and 
business administration.

--- Page 170 ---
151 
Pablo Alfonso Pastor 
Mr. Pablo Alfonso Pastor Muñoz graduated from Deusto University with a BS degree in Economics and Business 
Administration and earned an MBA from Ecole Des Affaires Paris (EAP Madrid). From 1989 to 1991, he served as an 
Investment Analyst at Banesto (Chile and Argentina) and then, until 1998, he worked at the Wholesale Risks Unit at Banesto. 
From 1998 to 1999, he worked at the Credit Risk Unit of Country Risk of BBVA, then working at the Credit Risk Unit of 
SMEs of BBVA until 2002. From 2002 to 2007, he worked at the Credit Risk Unit of Wholesale Banking of BBVA and then, 
until 2010, he worked at the Credit Risk Unit New Developments + USA of BBVA. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Pastor worked 
at the Corporate Banking Risk Management of GRM department of BBVA, followed by serving as Chief Risk Officer of 
BBVA Bancomer until 2015. From 2015 to 2017, he worked at GRM Global Business of BBVA in charge of CIB, AM & 
Insurance and then, until 2019, he served as GRM CIB Head of BBVA. Mr. Pastor then served as Wholesale Credit Discipline 
Head - GRM of BBVA until March 2021, when he was appointed as GRM Head for South America and Türkiye. 
Mevhibe Canan Özsoy 
Ms. Canan Özsoy graduated from İstanbul University with a Bachelor’s degree in dental medicine in 1985, obtained 
a masters degree in Dental Medicine at the same university in 1987, earned an MBA from Bogazici University in 1994 and 
then obtained an energy technologies masters degree at Sabancı University in 2015. Before joining the pharmaceutical 
industry in 1990, Ms. Özsoy had a career as a dentist. She has occupied sales and marketing and commercial leadership 
positions in Hoechst Marion Roussel, Glaxo Wellcome and Sanofi Aventis group companies, each of which operate in the 
pharmaceutical industry. She was appointed as Vice President in charge of Marketing International in 2007 at General Electric 
Healthcare, Paris and was then assigned as Chief Marketing Officer at General Electric Healthcare, USA in 2009. She returned 
to Paris as General Manager of Global Mammography in 2011 and led the mammography business field of General Electric. 
Ms. Özsoy was appointed as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at General Elektrik Ticaret ve Servis A.Ş. in 2012. In 
addition, she serves as the Chief Growth Officer in charge of Middle-East, North Africa and Türkiye since 2017 for General 
Electric. She is also the Vice Chairman of TEI (TUSAŞ Motor Sanayii A.Ş.), METCAP Group KOMET (joint-ventures of 
General Electric) and ABFT (American Business Forum in Türkiye) and is the Chairman of WCD (Woman Corporate 
Directors). She was appointed as an independent board member of the Bank in April 2019 and has 32 years of experience in 
banking and business administration. 
Aydın Düren 
Mr. Düren graduated from İstanbul University’s Faculty of Law and earned his graduate degree in International Law 
from the American University’s Washington College of Law. After serving as an associate, partner and the managing partner 
for over 18 years at international law firms in New York, London and İstanbul, Mr. Düren joined the Bank on 1 February 
2009 as the Executive Vice President in charge of legal affairs. Mr. Düren was appointed as a member of the Board of 
Directors of the Bank in June 2020. Mr. Düren is also Vice Chairman of GBNV and T. Garanti Bankası A.Ş. Pension and 
Provident Fund Foundation, a Member of the board of directors of GPS, Garanti Mortgage and Garanti BBVA Securities and 
a member of the board of trustees of Teachers Academy Foundation. Since June 2015, Mr. Düren has served as the Corporate 
Secretary of the Bank. With 29 years of experience in banking and business administration, Mr. Düren’s areas of responsibility 
are Legal Advisory Services, Legal Collections and Litigation.

--- Page 171 ---
152 
The Executives 
In addition to the Bank’s CEO Recep Baştuğ and Executive Vice President in charge of legal affairs Mr. Düren, the 
Bank’s senior executives (the “Executives”) as of the date of this Base Prospectus include the following: 
Executive 
Title 
Responsibility 
Year Joined 
Bank 
Mahmut Akten 
Executive Vice President 
Corporate Investment Banking and Global 
Markets
2012
Tuba Köseoğlu Okçu
Executive Vice President
Talent and Culture
1997
Ceren Acer Kezik
Executive Vice President
Retail Banking
2012
İlker Kuruöz
Executive Vice President
Engineering Services and Data
2018
Cemal Onaran
Executive Vice President
Commercial Banking
2007
Aydın Güler
Executive Vice President
Finance and Treasury
1990
Sibel Kaya
Executive Vice President
SME Banking
1997
Murat Atay
Executive Vice President
Chief Credit Risk Officer
1993
Işıl Akdemir Evlioğlu
Executive Vice President
Customer Solutions and Digital Banking
2012
Murat Çağrı Süzer
Executive Vice President
Payment Systems and Partnerships
2013
Additional information on each of the Executives is set forth below. 
Mahmut Akten 
Mr. Mahmut Akten holds an undergraduate degree from Boğaziçi University’s Electrical and Electronics 
Engineering department and a graduate degree from Carnegie Mellon University in Business Administration. Mr. Akten 
started his career in 1999 in the United States, and after serving in various positions in the finance and treasury departments 
of a global construction materials company, he joined a global management consulting firm in 2006. Mr. Akten worked in 
the Boston and İstanbul offices of such firm between the years 2006 and 2012, lastly as an Associate Partner. Mr. Akten 
joined the Bank on 1 July 2012 as the Senior Vice President responsible for Mass Retail Banking Marketing. As of 17 January 
2017, Mr. Akten was appointed as the Executive Vice President responsible for Retail Banking, leading the Retail Banking 
Marketing, Mass Banking Marketing, Affluent Banking Marketing and Consumer Finance departments. Mr. Akten has also 
served as a member of the board of directors of Garanti Mortgage, Garanti BBVA Romania, Garanti BBVA Securities and 
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life. On 1 June 2022, he was appointed as the Executive Vice President responsible for the 
Corporate Banking, Global Markets, Global Markets Business Solutions, Cash Management, Financial Institutions, 
Investment Banking and Finance, Corporate and Investment Banking Strategy, Analysis and Coordination and Sustainable 
Finance departments. Mr. Akten’s areas of responsibility are retail banking marketing, mass banking marketing, affluent 
banking marketing and consumer finance. 
Tuba Köseoğlu Okçu 
Ms. Tuba Köseoğlu Okçu started her career in 1994 as a live interpreter at conferences while also serving served as 
a lecturer at Bosphorus University. In 1997, she started her career in human resources, holding various managerial human 
resources positions from 1997 to 2008 at Doğuş Group companies, including Performance Consultant at the Bank, Executive 
Development Manager at Humanitas Doğuş HR Management, Human Resources Director at Doğuş Holding and Human 
Resources Coordinator at Doğuş Automotive. From 2008 to 2012, she worked as Human Resources Organisational 
Development Coordinator at Eastpharma Deva Holding. In March 2012, Ms. Köseoğlu Okçu joined Hürriyet Print and 
Digital, where she worked until October 2019 as Human Resources Director and a member of the company’s Executive 
Committee. From March 2020 to September 2022, she worked as the Learning Director of the Bank. In February 2022, she 
assumed the role of General Manager at ÖRAV, Teachers Academy Foundation. Since September 2022, Ms. Köseoğlu Okçu 
serves the Bank as the Executive Vice President responsible for Talent and Culture, covering the Talent and Culture 
Partnerships and Recruitment, Talent Solutions and Remuneration, Talent and Senior Management, Culture Employee 
Experience, Talent and Culture Education, Talent and Culture Projects, Internal Communication and Culture, Construction 
and Real Estate responsibilities. Ms. Köseoğlu Okçu is also author of two published books and a blogger. 
Ceren Acer Kezik 
Mrs. Ceren Acer Kezik obtained an undergraduate degree from Bilkent University in Industrial Engineering and a 
graduate degree in Business Administration from Harvard University. She started her career in 2005 in a global management 
consultancy firm, primarily working in the banking, telecommunications, retail and private equity sectors in marketing,

--- Page 172 ---
153 
strategy and new business development functions. She joined the Bank in October 2012 as the Manager of the Mass Retail 
Segment. In April 2016, Mrs. Kezik was appointed as the head of the Bank’s new SME Micro segment business unit. Since 
2017, she was also responsible for Mass Retail Banking under the Retail Banking business line. On 1 June 2022, Mrs. Kezik 
was appointed as the Executive Vice President responsible for Retail Banking, leading the Retail Banking Marketing, Mass 
Banking Marketing and Affluent Banking Marketing functions. In addition, she serves as a Member of the Board of Directors 
of Garanti Mortgage, Garanti BBVA Securities, GPS and Garanti Pension and Life. 
İlker Kuruöz 
Mr. İlker Kuruöz graduated from the Computer Engineering Department of Bilkent University and received an MBA 
degree from Bilkent University. Starting his career in 1994, he worked at two private companies prior to joining the Group in 
1996 as the Senior Vice President of Garanti BBVA Technology, where he served until 2006. From 2006 to 2016, he held an 
executive position in a private company. In 2016, he was appointed as the CEO of Doğuş Bilgi İşlem ve Teknoloji 
Hizmetleri A.Ş. In 2018, Mr. Kuruöz joined the Bank as the Executive Vice President in charge of Engineering Services and 
Data. He is also a member of the board of trustees of the Teachers Academy Foundation. Mr. Kuruöz’ areas of responsibility 
are the Garanti BBVA Technology Centre, banking disciplines, core units, organisation and business process engineering, 
corporate security, customer security, corporate physical security and transaction risk management and abacus operation 
centre. 
Cemal Onaran 
Mr. Cemal Onaran holds an undergraduate degree from Middle East Technical University’s Public Administration 
department and started his career as an Assistant Auditor in the Bank’s Audit Committee. Mr. Onaran worked as the Regional 
Manager in various regions of the Bank in İstanbul between the years 2000 and 2007. After the establishment of Garanti 
Mortgage in October 2007, Mr. Onaran was appointed as the General Manager of Garanti Mortgage, where he served until 
2012. After having served as the General Manager of Garanti BBVA Pension and Life from 2012 to 2017 and then as the 
Executive Vice President of the Bank in charge of SME Banking, Mr. Onaran was appointed as the Executive Vice President 
responsible for Commercial Banking as of February 2021. Mr. Onaran also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors at 
Garanti BBVA Fleet, Vice Chairman at Garanti Mortgage, a member of the board of directors at Garanti BBVA Pension and 
Life, Garanti Leasing, Garanti BBVA Technology, Garanti BBVA Factoring and Garanti BBVA Romania and a member of 
the board of trustees of the Teachers Academy Foundation. Mr. Onaran’s areas of responsibility are commercial banking, 
Anatolian marketing and commercial banking and İstanbul marketing. 
Aydın Güler 
Mr. Aydın Güler graduated from İstanbul Technical University’s Department of Mechanical Engineering and joined 
the Bank’s Fund Management Department in 1990. After working at different Head Office departments for 10 years, he was 
appointed as the Senior Vice President responsible for Risk Management and Management Reporting in 2000. From 2001 to 
2013, Mr. Güler served as the Senior Vice President responsible for Financial Planning and Analysis and then was appointed 
as the Coordinator of the same department in 2013. In December 2015, Mr. Güler was appointed as the Executive Vice 
President in charge of Finance and Treasury. Mr. Güler is the Vice Chairman of Garanti BBVA Fleet, a member of the board 
of directors of Garanti Leasing, Garanti Mortgage, Garanti BBVA Pension and Provident Fund Foundation (which manages 
the Defined Benefit Fund) and Garanti BBVA Pension and Life and a member of the board of trustees of the Teachers 
Academy Foundation. With 29 years of experience in banking and business administration, Mr. Güler’s areas of responsibility 
are assets and liabilities management, financial management business execution, financial data, performance management 
and budget planning, cost management and efficiency, investor relations, financial reporting and accounting, finance projects, 
purchasing department and credit cards and member merchant coordination. 
Sibel Kaya 
Ms. Sibel Kaya has a bachelor’s degree from Middle East Technical University, Faculty of Architecture, department 
of City and Regional Planning. She started her career in the Bank as a Management Trainee in 1997. Ms. Kaya held various 
positions in the Commercial Banking Department from 1998 to 2005, served as a Branch Manager and Commercial Branch 
Manager in various branches from 2005 to 2016 and then worked as the Regional Manager in the Aegean Region from 2016 
to 2018. After having served as the Human Resources Director from 2018 to 2021, Ms. Kaya was, as of February 2021, 
appointed as the Executive Vice President in charge of SME Banking. Ms. Kaya’s areas of responsibility are SME banking 
marketing and SME banking network and performance management.

--- Page 173 ---
154 
Murat Atay 
Mr. Murat Atay graduated from Middle East Technical University Department of Political Science and Public 
Administration, earned a master’s degree in in Accounting from Yeditepe University and holds a doctoral degree in Banking 
and Finance from İstanbul Okan University. Starting his career as a corporate and credit analyst at the Bank in 1993, he 
worked as a Corporate Branch Manager from 2000 to 2009 and as the General Manager of Garanti BBVA Romania from 
2009 to 2012. During this time, he also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Motoractive, Ralfi and Domenia. 
After having served as the General Manager of Garanti Mortgage from 2012 to 2020, he was appointed in January 2021 as 
the Bank’s Chief Credit Risk Officer. Mr. Atay’s areas of responsibility are credit risk management business execution, 
corporate and specialised loans, commercial loans, retail risk, corporate and commercial credits restructuring, risk planning, 
monitoring and reporting, regional loans coordination, risk projects and credit risk management advanced analytics discipline. 
Işıl Akdemir Evlioğlu 
Ms. Işıl Akdemir Evlioğlu graduated from Bilkent University’s Department of Economics and earned an MBA 
degree from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in the United States. In 2003, she started her 
professional life as a management consultant at McKinsey, ultimately being responsible for leading the retail banking and 
payment system practices in the Turkish market as a Junior Partner with various projects both in Türkiye and internationally. 
Ms. Akdemir Evlioğlu joined GPS as the Executive Vice President of Marketing in 2012, where she was in charge of product 
management (credit and debit cards), card portfolio management, customer satisfaction and process optimisation, marketing 
communication and advertising. In 2017, she was appointed as the CEO of GPS. As of February 2020, Ms. Akdemir Evlioğlu 
was appointed as the Executive Vice President responsible for Customer Solutions and Digital Banking. In addition, she 
serves as Vice Chairman of GPS. With 16 years of experience in banking and business administration, Ms. Akdemir 
Evlioğlu’s areas of responsibility are retail digital solutions, enterprise client solutions, corporate brand management and 
marketing communication, seamless experience and relationship model discipline , insurance discipline and customer contact 
centre. 
Murat Çağrı Süzer 
Mr. Murat Çağrı Süzer received a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from the Middle East Technical 
University, after which he pursued graduate studies in INSEAD campuses in France and Singapore, receiving an MBA degree. 
He started his career in 2006 at Danone, where he worked first as sales manager and then as commercial marketing manager. 
He then joined McKinsey, a global consulting firm, in 2008 as a consultant. During his career at McKinsey from 2008 to 
2013, he served as Senior Consultant and Project Manager, managing major projects in the financial services sector in a 
number of areas including sales and marketing, strategy, risk management, human resources and mergers and acquisitions 
both inside and outside of Türkiye. Mr. Süzer joined GPS in 2013 as Marketing Coordinator, responsible for product 
management, CRM, digital marketing and customer satisfaction process management. Having served as Assistant General 
Manager of Digital Channels and Commercial Cards at GPS from 2015, he became Assistant General Manager of Marketing 
at GPS in January 2017. He then served as the Executive Vice President of Retail Banking at BBVA America from 2017 to 
2020, after which he served as CEO at GPS from 2020 to 2022 and then as an Executive Vice President at the Bank since 
June 2022. Mr. Suzer’s areas of responsibilities are payments systems and partnerships. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Except as described in the following sentence, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
of any of the Directors and any of the Executives and their respective private interests or other duties. A number of Directors 
also currently hold management positions at BBVA. As such, there may be a conflict of interest between the Directors’ 
respective duties to the Bank and any duties they may owe to BBVA. 
Address 
The business address of the Bank’s executive management and the Board is the Bank’s headquarters at Nispetiye 
Mahallesi, Aytar Caddesi No: 2 Levent, Beşiktaş 34340, İstanbul, Türkiye. The Bank’s telephone number is 
+90 212 318 1818. 
Corporate Governance, Risk and Other Committees 
There are a number of committees set up at the Bank to fulfill the supervisory function. The Board oversees and 
audits the entire Bank via the Credit Committee, Audit Committee, Corporate Governance Committee, Remuneration

--- Page 174 ---
155 
Committee, Risk Committee, Information Security Committee, IT Strategy Committee and Information Systems Steering 
Committee. 
In addition to these, there are committees whose members are composed of the Bank’s executives (e.g., the Corporate 
Assurance Committee, Portfolio Strategy (PSM) Committee, Garanti BBVA Assets & Liabilities Committee, Risk 
Management Committee, Data Security and Protection Steering Committee, Cost Management and Efficiency Committee, 
Corporate Crisis and Business Continuity Management Committee, Responsible Business and Sustainability Committee, 
Operational Risk Admission and Product Governance Committee, Integrity Committee and Information Systems Continuity 
Committee). 
Information relating to these committees is set out below. 
Credit Committee 
In accordance with the Banking Law, the Board has delegated a certain amount of its loan allocation authority to the 
Bank’s Credit Committee. The Credit Committee holds meetings every two weeks to review loan proposals sent by the 
branches to the head office that exceed the head office’s loan authorisation limit. The Credit Committee reviews these loan 
proposals and decides on those that are within its authorisation limits, and submits those others it deems appropriate but are 
outside of its authorised limits to the Board for finalisation. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee was set up to assist the Board in the performance of its audit and supervision functions. The 
Audit Committee is responsible for: 
 
monitoring the effectiveness and adequacy of the Bank’s internal control, risk management and internal audit 
systems, and overseeing the operation of these systems and accounting and reporting systems in accordance with 
applicable regulations, and the integrity of resulting information, 
 
conducting necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms, appraisal and support 
services providers and regularly monitoring the activities of these firms, 
 
ensuring that the internal audit functions of consolidated entities are performed in a consolidated and coordinated 
manner, 
 
developing the audit and control processes in order to ensure ICAAP adequacy and accuracy, and 
 
monitoring the policies, procedures, regulations and similar documents under its responsibility with respect to 
necessary updates and taking action to keep them up-to-date. 
Corporate Governance Committee 
The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for monitoring the Bank’s compliance with corporate 
governance principles, undertaking improvement efforts, nominating the independent members of the Board and offering 
suggestions regarding the nominees to the Board. Within the framework of the Corporate Governance Communiqué, the 
Corporate Governance Committee: 
 
monitors whether corporate governance principles are implemented at the Bank, determines the grounds for non-
implementation, if applicable, as well as any potential conflicts of interest arising from failure to fully comply with 
these principles, and presents suggestions to the Board for the improvement of corporate governance practices, 
 
oversees the activities of the Investor Relations Department, 
 
evaluates the proposed nominees for independent Board membership, including those nominated by management 
and investors, considering whether the nominees fulfil the independence criteria and presents its assessment report 
to the Board for approval,

--- Page 175 ---
156 
 
makes an assessment for election of independent members to the seats vacated due to a situation that eradicates 
independence and the resignation of a Board member who loses his independence, so as to re-establish the minimum 
number of independent Board members through temporarily elected members who will serve until the immediately 
following General Assembly Meeting to be held, and presents its written assessment to the Board, 
 
works to create a transparent system for the identification, evaluation and training of nominees who are appropriate 
for the Board and managerial positions with administrative responsibility, and to determine related policies and 
strategies, and 
 
makes regular assessments about the structure and efficiency of the Board and presents suggested changes to the 
Board. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee’s responsibilities are as follows: 
 
conducting the oversight and supervision process required to ensure that the Bank’s remuneration policy and 
practices comply with applicable laws and risk management principles, 
 
reviewing, at least once a year, the Bank’s remuneration policy in order to ensure compliance with applicable laws 
in Türkiye, or with market practices, and updating the policy, if necessary, 
 
presenting, at least once a year, a report including the findings and proposed action plans to the Board, 
 
determining and approving salary packages for executive and non-executive members of the Board, the CEO and 
Executive Vice Presidents, and 
 
monitoring the policies, procedures, regulations and similar documents under its responsibility with respect to 
necessary updates and taking action to keep them up-to-date. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee is responsible for: 
 
monitoring and overseeing the strategy and general risk policies of the Bank and reviewing the risk appetite 
declaration and core metrics, risk tolerance levels, limit structure and metrics, in each case taking into consideration 
the strength of the Bank’s capital and the overall quality of risk management, measurement and reporting, 
 
reviewing and approving, as appropriate, the corporate risk policies for each risk type and the yearly limits for each 
risk type and business area with the level of detail that is deemed appropriate at the time, 
 
reviewing and approving, as appropriate, measures to mitigate the impact of identified risks, 
 
monitoring the evolution of the Bank’s global risk profile and risk exposure by type of risk, business line, product 
or customer segment, and how these compare to the Bank’s risk strategy, policies and risk appetite, 
 
assessing the adequacy of the risk information and risk internal control systems in the Bank to provide for the 
appropriate functioning of risk management as well as the suitability of the structure and process of risk management 
within the Bank, 
 
monitoring that the pricing of investment and deposit products offered to clients adequately take into consideration 
the Bank’s business model and risk strategy, and implementing a remediation plan should it be necessary, 
 
verifying that necessary actions are taken to ensure the availability of adequate systems, staffing and general 
resources is in place for managing the Bank’s risks, 
 
analysing and assessing the quality of the Bank’s asset valuation, asset classification and risk estimation procedures,

--- Page 176 ---
157 
 
promoting the continuous development and improvement of advanced risk management models and practices within 
the Bank, while closely monitoring requirements and recommendations of regulators and supervisors, and 
 
receiving and reviewing reports on capital planning and capital adequacy and providing an effective review of the 
Bank’s enterprise risk management and capital planning processes. 
Information Security Committee 
The goals and responsibilities of the Information Security Committee are as follows: 
 
coordinating efforts to provide information security, 
 
contributing to the formulation of the Bank’s information security policy and other policies concerning the 
subdomains of information security, overseeing the functionality of the system and assessing and deciding on 
suggested improvements, 
 
monitoring the policies, procedures, regulations and similar documents under its responsibility with respect to 
necessary updates and taking action to keep them up-to-date, 
 
evaluating information security awareness studies and learning programs, and 
 
reporting to the Board at least once a year. 
IT Strategy Committee 
The IT Strategy Committee is responsible for advising large IT investments with the establishment of the necessary 
management and organisational structure in order to achieve the IT targets established in line with business objectives. The 
committee responsibilities for: 
 
determining the next year’s engineering and data strategies and focus areas, 
 
identifying responsible Executive Vice Presidents and unit managers for these strategies, and 
 
at the second meeting held during each year, discussing the latest status of IT projects and action plans. 
Information Systems Steering Committee 
The Information Systems Steering Committee is responsible for prioritising information system IS investments and 
projects, making necessary directions to ensure compliance of information system architecture and projects with law and 
monitoring service levels for information system services.The committee’s responsibilities include: 
 
discussing the priority order of information system investments and projects made in relation to the strategic priorities 
of the Bank, 
 
discussing and evaluating ongoing project situations in order to sequence projects to avoid resource conflict, 
 
discussing the evaluation of information system projects within the scope of architecture and law, 
 
discussing project business goals and realised goals, and 
 
evaluating the service levels of the Bank’s information system services. 
Corporate Assurance Committee 
The purpose of the Corporate Assurance Committee is to inform the Bank’s top management about internal control 
problems that might prevent business and/or the Bank’s goals and to provide business lines with guidance from the Bank’s 
top management about these problems. The scope of the committee includes internal control findings and issues that are

--- Page 177 ---
158 
considered to have priority for the Bank regarding their effect and urgency, compliance, financial reporting, risk management, 
operational risk, reputation risk, technology and fraud. 
Portfolio Strategy (PSM) Committee 
This committee is the top level body that determines Group level strategic priorities. It provides a platform for the 
discussion and prioritisation of top Group priorities and revises them as necessary. All strategic non-routine projects are 
required to align with the Group strategies determined by this committee. This committee is also responsible from the follow-
up of current portfolio performance in terms of strategy alignment. 
Garanti BBVA Assets & Liabilities Committee 
The main goal of the Garanti BBVA Assets & Liabilities Committee (i.e., ALCO) is to assist the CEO with decision-
making processes concerning assets and liabilities management (including liquidity and funding, interest rates and exchange 
rates) and capital. 
Risk Management Committee 
The purpose of the Risk Management Committee is to develop the Bank’s strategies, policies, procedures and 
infrastructure required to identify, assess, measure, plan and manage material risks faced by the Bank in the ordinary course 
of business. 
Data Security and Protection Steering Committee 
The Data Security and Protection Steering Committee is responsible for ensuring that data owned by the Bank, its 
subsidiaries and its customers are compliant with relevant legal regulations and corporate policies. 
Cost Management and Efficiency Committee 
The objective of the Cost Management Committee is to support the Board in controlling costs within the context of 
real revenue performance (operating efficiency) and securing savings by optimising budget implementations over the course 
of the year. 
Corporate Crisis and Business Continuity Management Committee 
The Corporate Crisis and Business Continuity Management Committee is responsible for managing crisis situations 
faced by the Bank, including coordinating and integrating all parties that need to respond to the crisis. This committee puts in 
place procedures and training for handling potential future crises. 
Responsible Business and Sustainability Committee 
This committee ensures that responsible business is integrated into the banking functions and the strategic priorities 
of the Bank and seeks to ensure that the Bank systematically puts stakeholders at the center of its decision-making processes. 
Operational Risk Admission and Product Governance Committee 
This committee aims to identify, analyse and evaluate the operational risks associated with initiatives related to new 
business, products or services, outsourcing, process transformation and new systems prior to their launch. This committee 
provides their opinion about the feasibility of initiatives before they are undertaken, as well as on their follow-up. The 
committee evaluates the inherent operational risks and identifies controls and mitigations needed to ensure that the residual 
risks are within the established operational risk appetite. 
Integrity Committee 
The main objective of the Integrity Committee is to contribute to preserve the corporate ethical integrity of the Bank. 
The primary function of the committee is to provide for the implementation of the Bank’s code of ethics.

--- Page 178 ---
159 
Information Systems Continuity Committee 
The Information Systems Continuity Committee is charged with declaring a crisis situation with respect to the bnak’s 
information systems, taking into account all the factors related to events that cause disruption in the information systems. The 
committee decides on the implementation of the information systems continuity plan and coordinates other rescue, continuity 
and response teams. 
Compensation 
The Group aims to provide compensation that allows it to attract and retain individuals with the skills necessary to 
manage successfully and grow its business. The Group’s compensation policy seeks to provide total compensation that is 
competitive with other financial organisations similar to it in terms of size and complexity of operations. The Group’s policy 
is to link a significant portion of its senior executives’ compensation to the performance of the business through incentive 
plans. Therefore, in structuring remuneration packages, the Group aims to link potential rewards to the performance of the 
business, as well as to the performance of the individual. 
Since the Board has delegated its authority to determine the remuneration of the Directors and Executives, including 
the Bank’s President and CEO, to the Remuneration Committee, this committee determines the remuneration paid to the 
Directors and the Executives. 
The net payment provided or to be provided to the key management of the Bank and its consolidated financial 
subsidiaries (including members of their respective board of directors) amounted to TL 116,069 thousand during 2020, 
TL 136,828 thousand during 2021, TL 284,600 thousand during 2022 and TL 90,752 thousand during the first three months 
of 2023, including compensation paid to key management personnel who left their position during the period. 
The Group does not have any directors’ service contracts providing for benefits upon termination of employment, 
nor does it offer any share-based incentive programs to directors or employees. 
Pension Plans. There is no private pension plan paid for by the Bank for its executives other than the fund for all its 
Turkish employees, which fund has similar liabilities to Türkiye’s Social Security Institution. The plan, which is called 
Türkiye Garanti Bankası Anonim Şirketi Memur ve Müstahdemleri Emekli ve Yardım Sandığı Vakfı (the “Defined Benefit 
Fund”), is a separate legal entity and a foundation recognised by an official decree and provides pension and post-retirement 
medical benefits to all qualified Bank employees. This benefit plan is funded through contributions both by the Bank’s 
employees and the Bank as required by Türkiye’s Social Security Law. Employees of other members of the Group do not 
participate in this benefit plan. 
This benefit plan is composed of: (a) the contractual benefits provided under the articles of association of the Defined 
Benefit Fund to the participating employees, which are subject to transfer to the SSF as described in the next paragraph, and 
(b) other “excess” benefits and payments provided in the existing trust indenture but not transferable to the SSF and medical 
benefits provided by the Bank for its constructive obligation (as defined in TAS 19, an obligation that derives from an entity’s 
actions whether by an established pattern of past practice, a published policy or a sufficient specific current statement) (the 
“excess benefits”). 
According to Turkish law, the Council of Ministers has the authority to determine the date that the contractual 
benefits of the participating employees will be transferred to the SSF. At the time of this transfer, an actuarial calculation will 
be conducted to establish if a bank’s fund’s assets are sufficient to meet its liabilities. The SSF is required to collect the 
unfunded portion (if any) from the employee benefit funds and the banks employing the relevant fund participants, which will 
be severally liable, in annual instalments to be paid over a period of up to 15 years. The payment would be in Turkish Lira 
and would be announced by the Turkish Treasury for each year. 
Although no official work has commenced to implement the transfer of any of the Bank’s retirement fund assets and 
liabilities to the SSF, the Bank engaged Aon Hewitt S.A. (an alliance member of Hewitt Associates) to conduct an actuarial 
study, which reported no deficit based upon the assumptions stated in the applicable law. These assumptions are sensitive to 
elements such as the number of employees in the current workforce, the workforce turnover rate, the aging rate of the 
workforce and the other parameters stipulated in the relevant legislation. Therefore, it is possible that the actuarial study may 
turn out to be incorrect if any of the assumptions upon which it is based differ from the calculations made at the time of the 
actual transfer. If there is a shortfall at the time of the transfer of the Defined Benefit Fund (as determined by the SSF), then 
the Bank would be liable to make the supplemental payments described above for 15 years.

--- Page 179 ---
160 
The excess benefits, which are not subject to the transfer to the SSF, are accounted for in the Group’s BRSA Financial 
Statements in accordance with TAS 19 (“Employee Benefits”). The obligation in respect of this retained portion of the benefit 
plan is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the 
current and prior periods, which benefit is discounted to determine its present value by using the projected unit credit method, 
and any unrecognised past service costs and the fair value of any plan assets are reduced. 
The pension and medical benefits transferable to the SSF and the excess benefits are calculated annually by the same 
independent actuary stated above, which is registered with the Turkish Treasury. As per the independent actuary report dated 
31 December 2022, the Bank had no excess obligation that needed to be provided for as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 180 ---
161 
OWNERSHIP 
The Bank was established in 1946 as a partnership of 103 businessmen. In 1975, a 56% interest in the Bank was 
acquired by Koç Holding and a 33% interest by Sabancı Holding. In 1983, the two groups sold their shareholdings in the 
Bank to Mr. Ayhan Şahenk and various companies of the Doğuş Group. 
Under the terms of an agreement between Doğuş Holding and GEAM, on 22 December 2005, GEAM acquired from 
Doğuş Holding 53,550,000,000 shares in the Bank (representing 25.50% of the shares in the Bank then in issue). On 
24 December 2007, GEAM transferred shares representing a 4.65% interest in the Bank back to the Doğuş Group, which 
reduced GEAM’s holding in the Bank to 20.85% with a 30.52% interest being controlled (directly and indirectly) by Doğuş 
Holding. 
All but two of the Bank’s founders’ shares were purchased by the Bank and cancelled on 1 March 2010. The 
remaining founders’ shares do not have any dividend or other rights but the owners of such founders’ shares have a right to 
redeem such shares for the sum of TL 3,876,307.00 each. 
On 22 March 2011, BBVA acquired 26,418,840,000 shares in the Bank (representing 6.2902% of the shares in the 
Bank then in issue) from the Doğuş Shareholders and 78,120,000,000 shares in the Bank (representing 18.6% of the shares 
in the Bank then in issue) from (inter alia) GEAM. 
On 7 April 2011, BBVA acquired 503,160,000 shares in the Bank, thereby increasing its shareholding in the Bank 
to 25.01% of the Bank’s share capital. 
On 27 July 2015, BBVA acquired 62,538,000,000 shares in the Bank (representing 14.89% of the shares in the Bank 
then in issue) from Doğuş Holding and members of the Şahenk family. 
The Bank’s shares are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. The Bank has established Level I and Rule 144A American 
Depositary Share facilities that provide for the conversion of shares in the Bank into American Depositary Shares and vice 
versa. The Bank of New York Mellon acts as the depositary bank and, at present, the American Depositary Shares are 
tradeable on OTCQX International Premier (the U.S. over-the-counter market). 
On 21 February 2017, Doğuş Holding and Doğuş Araştırma Geliştirme ve Müşavirlik Hizmetleri A.Ş. (the “Sellers”) 
entered into a share purchase agreement with BBVA to transfer their shares representing 9.95% of the Bank’s issued share 
capital with a nominal value of TL 417,900 thousand to BBVA (the “Share Purchase Transaction”). According to the 
agreement, BBVA agreed to pay TL 3,322,305 thousand. Completion of the Share Purchase Transaction occurred on 
22 March 2017, resulting in BBVA owning 49.85% of the total issued share capital of the Bank. 
In November 2021, BBVA announced that it would launch the Tender Offer to acquire the shares of the Bank that 
were not already owned by BBVA. The Tender Offer, which was approved by CMB on 31 March 2022, ended on 18 May 
2022 and resulted in BBVA obtaining an additional 36.12% of the Bank’s shares and thereby taking its total to 85.97% of the 
Bank’s shares. 
Shareholdings 
As of 31 March 2023, the Bank’s issued shares were held as follows: 
Shareholder 
Shares held 
% of issued share 
capital 
BBVA ..........................................
361,089,589,019
85.97%
Other shareholders.......................
58,910,410,981
14.03%
Total ....................................  
420,000,000,000 
100.00% 
As far as the Bank is aware, no Person other than BBVA holds a greater than 5% interest in the issued share capital of the 
Bank.

--- Page 181 ---
162 
BBVA 
The BBVA Group is a global retail financial group founded in 1857 that provides its customers around the world a 
full range of financial and non-financial products and services. As of 31 December 2022, the BBVA Group had a presence in 
over 30 countries and had 115,675 employees. As of 31 December 2022, the BBVA Group’s consolidated total assets were 
€713 billion (€663 billion as of 31 December 2021 and €734 billion as of 31 December 2020) and its net attributable profit 
for 2022 was €6.4 billion (€4.6 billion for 2021 and €1.3 billion for 2020). 
BBVA is a highly diversified international financial group, with strengths in the traditional banking businesses of 
retail banking, asset management and wholesale banking. On an operational basis, the BBVA Group subdivides its business 
into the following geographic business areas: Spain, Eurasia, Mexico, South America and the United States. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the BBVA Group is in the process of converting to a single global brand used 
in all of the markets in which it operates, including in connection with its digital transformation strategy. As part of its new 
brand strategy in Türkiye, the Bank started in 2019 to operate under a new logo as “Garanti BBVA.” 
(Source: BBVA) 
Dividends and Dividend Policy 
The details of the Bank’s dividend distribution policy are specified in articles 45, 46, and 47 of the Bank’s articles 
of association. In this context, by taking into account the Bank’s growth in accordance with its goals within the sector and its 
financial needs, the General Assembly of the Bank’s shareholders is authorised to distribute dividends in cash or capitalise 
the dividends and distribute bonus shares (which are to be issued by the Bank), or implement both methods together, and 
execute the dividend distribution within the time period specified in the relevant law. The Bank’s dividend distribution policy 
provides that the Bank may distribute up to 30% of the distributable profit in cash or bonus shares; however, any dividend 
distribution is subject to the BRSA’s approval, which itself is subject to there being no unfavourable situation in the local 
and/or global economic conditions, the Bank’s and the Group’s capital ratios exceeding the minimum levels established by 
the Banking Law and related regulations and the BRSA’s evaluation of other factors (including Bank-specific factors) is 
favourable. Following the set aside of legal reserves and funds that are required by law to be retained by the Bank, the 
remaining net profit amount that has not been distributed to the Bank’s shareholders should be transferred to the Bank’s 
extraordinary reserve account. Dividend distribution is required by law to start within three months after the date of the 
General Assembly’s decision. In accordance with Article 46 of the Bank’s articles of association, proposals for dividend 
distribution are to be submitted for approval of the Bank’s General Assembly following a decision by the Board in this regard, 
by taking into account the Bank’s operational performance, financial needs, growth target and the legal regulations applicable 
to the Bank. The dividend distribution resolution becomes effective when adopted in the meeting of the General Assembly, 
the resolutions for which are to be published via the Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr) on the same day on which 
the resolution becomes effective. 
Each common share of the Bank entitles the holder thereof to the same amount of dividends. 
On 31 March 2021, the Bank’s General Assembly approved the distribution of gross cash dividends of TL 623.8 
million on 5 April 2021 from 2020’s distributable net profit of TL 6,238.0 million. On 31 March 2022, the Bank’s General 
Assembly approved the distribution of gross cash dividends of TL 1,307.3 million on 25 May 2022 from 2021’s distributable 
net profit of TL 13,073.3 million. On 17 March 2023, the Bank’s General Assembly approved the distribution of gross cash 
dividends of TL 8,776.4 million from 2022’s distributable net profit of TL 58,509.2 million.

--- Page 182 ---
163 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Under BRSA regulations, related parties of the Bank include: (a) entities or individuals that are directors, 
shareholders, general managers and deputy general managers (and, even if they are employed under different titles, managers 
who have equivalent or higher positions in terms of their responsibilities and powers), (b) the respective spouses and children 
of any of the aforementioned individuals, (c) affiliates and (d) entities under the management or control of the Bank. 
During the period from 1 January 2020 to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group had various types of exposures 
to related parties, including loans, deposits and non-cash considerations. All of the related-party credit applications must go 
through the Group’s normal credit review process. All extensions of credit to the related parties are made on an arm’s-length 
basis and the credit and payment terms in respect of such credits are no more favourable than those offered to third parties. 
Turkish banking regulations limit exposure to related parties to 20% of the total capital, and the Group’s exposure 
to the BBVA Group is well within the limit permitted by the regulations. See “Turkish Regulatory Environment - Lending 
Limits.” The following tables indicate the level of the Group’s relationships with members of the BBVA Group as of the 
dates indicated. See also note 5.7 of the Group’s BRSA Financial Statements for additional information on related party risks. 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
2020 
2021 
2022 
BBVA Group
(TL thousands, except percentages)
Cash loans .....................................................................
879,749
620,298
1,362,913
1,757,287
As a % of assets .........................................................
0.2%
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
As a % of shareholders’ equity ..................................
1.4%
0.8%
0.9%
1.0%
Contingent obligations ..................................................
957,567
2,036,186
2,859,301
3,276,640
As a % of contingent obligations...............................
1.2%
1.5%
1.2%
1.2%
As a % of shareholders’ equity ..................................
1.5% 
2.6% 
1.9% 
1.9% 
Total BBVA Group Exposure ............................. 
1,837,316 
2,656,484 
4,222,214 
5,033,927 
The Group’s exposure to the BBVA Group is principally denominated in foreign currencies. All the related-party 
loans are performing and the Group has never had to take provisions for, or to write-off any loan to, any of the companies of 
the BBVA Group. 
The contingent exposure to the BBVA Group primarily consists of guarantees issued. 
The Group also had derivative transactions with the BBVA Group as of the indicated dates as follows: 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
32,102,296
43,447,084
57,772,444
50,760,505
The Group had deposits from members of the BBVA Group as of the indicated dates as follows: 
As of 31 December 
As of 
31 March 2023 
2020 
2021 
2022 
(TL thousands)
859,935 
7,268,435 
6,806,956 
8,243,155 
Please refer to the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for additional information 
on related party transactions.

--- Page 183 ---
164 
THE TURKISH BANKING SECTOR 
The following information relating to the Turkish banking sector has been provided for background purposes only. 
The information has been extracted from third-party sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable but the Bank 
has not independently verified such information. See “Responsibility Statement.” 
The Turkish Banking Sector 
After a phase of consolidation, liquidations and significant regulatory enhancements in the 2000s, the Turkish 
banking sector has experienced a period of stability. The total number of banks (including deposit-taking banks, investment 
banks and development banks) in the sector has held relatively steady since 2008. During this phase, bank combinations have 
been few and changes to the roster have resulted principally from strategic investors purchasing existing local banks. Foreign 
investors have, amongst others, included BBVA, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, HSBC, ING, Bank of China, Intesa Sanpaolo, 
MUFG Bank, Ltd., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Qatar National Bank and, in the most recent significant 
acquisition, Emirates NBD acquired Sberbank’s stake in Denizbank A.Ş. (“Denizbank”), a mid-sized bank in Türkiye, in 
2019. 
As of 31 March 2023, 52 banks (including domestic and foreign banks but excluding the Central Bank) were 
operating in Türkiye (six participation banks, which conduct their business under different legislation in accordance with 
Islamic banking principles, are not included in this analysis). Thirty-five of these were deposit-taking banks (including the 
Bank) and the remainder were development and investment banks. Among the deposit-taking banks, three banks were state-
controlled banks, eight were private domestic banks, 21 were private foreign banks and three were under the administration 
of the SDIF. 
The Banking Law permits deposit-taking banks to engage in all fields of financial activities, including deposit 
collection, corporate and consumer lending, foreign exchange transactions, capital market activities and securities trading. 
Typically, major commercial banks have nationwide branch networks and provide a full range of banking services, while 
smaller commercial banks focus on wholesale banking. The main objectives of development and investment banks are to 
provide medium-and long-term funding for investment in different sectors. 
Deposit-taking Turkish banks’ total balance sheets have grown at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 
25.8% from 31 December 2012 to 31 December 2022, driven by loan book expansion and customer deposits growth, which 
increased by a CAGR of 24.7% and 27.1%, respectively, during such period, in each case according to data from the BRSA. 
Despite strong growth of net loans and customer deposits, the Turkish banking sector remains relatively under-penetrated 
compared to the eurozone. Loans/GDP and customer deposits/GDP ratios of the Turkish banking sector were 50.0% and 
59.1%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022 according to BRSA and Turkstat data, whereas 19 countries in the eurozone’s 
banking sector had average loan and customer deposit penetration ratios of 98.3% and 116.2%, respectively, as of the same 
date based upon data from the ECB.

--- Page 184 ---
165 
The following table shows key indicators for deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of (or for the period ended on) the 
indicated dates. 
As of (or for the year ended) 31 December 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(TL millions, except percentages)
Balance sheet 
Loans .................................................................
2,088,599
2,308,603
3,091,047
4,152,545
6,517,978
Total assets ........................................................
3,403,305
3,904,022
5,281,462
7,882,807
12,340,649
Customer deposits..............................................
1,899,352
2,351,444
3,133,909
4,746,930
7,970,792
Shareholders’ equity ..........................................
367,745
425,808
519,022
613,560
1,226,089
Income statement 
Net interest income............................................
133,019
146,242
192,159
236,431
682,763
Net fees and commission income ......................
34,811
46,614
42,214
59,154
118,542
Total income......................................................
180,715
204,682
253,062
336,382
985,287
Net Profit ...........................................................
47,711
40,986
48,688
77,608
380,041
Key ratios 
Loans to customer deposits ratio........................
110.0%
98.2%
98.6%
87.5%
81.8%
Net interest margin(1) .........................................
4.8%
4.7%
4.9%
4.7%
8.4%
Return on average shareholders’ equity(2)..........
13.9%
10.4%
10.4%
14.1%
41.7%
Capital adequacy ratio .......................................
16.9%
18.0%
18.3%
18.1%
19.2%
____________ 
Source: BRSA monthly bulletin (www.bddk.org.tr) 
(1) Calculated as net interest income/(expense) as a percentage of the average interest-earning assets (securities, performing loans and other interest-
earning assets) for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
(2) Calculated as profit as a percentage of the average shareholders’ equity for the applicable period as reported in the BRSA monthly bulletin. 
Competition 
The Turkish banking industry is highly competitive and relatively concentrated with the top 10 deposit-taking banks 
accounting for 93.0% of total assets of deposit-taking banks as of 31 December 2022 according to data from the BRSA. 
Among the top 10 Turkish banks, there are three state-controlled banks - Ziraat, Vakıfbank and Halkbank, which were ranked 
first, second and fourth, respectively, in terms of total assets as of such date according to the bank-only financials published 
in the Public Disclosure Platform (www.kap.gov.tr). These three state-controlled banks accounted for 45.0% of deposit-taking 
Turkish banks’ performing loans and 45.3% of customer deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The top four 
privately-owned banks as of such date were Türkiye İş Bankası A.Ş., the Bank, Yapı ve Kredi Bankası A.Ş. and 
Akbank T.A.Ş., which in total accounted for 38.9% of deposit-taking Turkish banks’ performing loans and 38.1% of customer 
deposits as of such date according to the BRSA. The remaining banks in the top 10 deposit-taking banks in Türkiye as of such 
date included three mid-sized banks, namely QNB Finansbank A.Ş., Denizbank and Türk Ekonomi Bankası A.Ş., which were 
controlled by Qatar National Bank, Emirates NBD and TEB Holding (a joint venture between BNP Paribas and Türkiye’s 
Çolakoğlu Group), respectively, as of such date.

--- Page 185 ---
166 
TURKISH REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
Regulatory Institutions 
Turkish banks and branches of foreign banks in Türkiye are primarily governed by two regulatory authorities in 
Türkiye, the BRSA and the Central Bank. 
The Role of the BRSA 
In June 1999, the Banks Act No. 4389 (which has been replaced by the Banking Law) established the BRSA. The 
BRSA supervises the application of banking legislation, monitors the banking system and is responsible for ensuring that 
banks observe banking legislation. 
Articles 82 and 93 of the Banking Law state that the BRSA, having the status of a public legal entity with 
administrative and financial autonomy, is established in order to ensure application of the Banking Law and other relevant 
acts, to ensure that savings are protected and to carry out other activities as necessary by issuing regulations within the limits 
of the authority granted to it by the Banking Law. The BRSA is obliged and authorised to take and implement any decisions 
and measures in order to prevent any transaction or action that might jeopardise the rights of depositors and the regular and 
secure operation of banks and/or might lead to substantial damages to the national economy, as well as to ensure efficient 
functioning of the credit system. 
The BRSA has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including development and investment banks, 
foreign banks and participation banks. The BRSA sets various mandatory ratios such as reserve levels, capital adequacy and 
liquidity ratios. In addition, all banks must provide the BRSA, on a regular and timely basis, information adequate to permit 
off-site analysis by the BRSA of such bank’s financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board 
of directors’ reports and auditor’s reports. 
The BRSA conducts both on-site and off-site audits and supervises implementation of the provisions of the Banking 
Law and other legislation, examination of all banking operations and analysis of the relationship and balance between assets, 
receivables, equity capital, liabilities, profit and loss accounts and all other factors affecting a bank’s financial structure. 
The Role of the Central Bank 
The Central Bank was founded in 1930 and performs the traditional functions of a central bank, including the 
issuance of bank notes, determining the exchange rate regime in Türkiye jointly with the government and to design and 
implement this regime, maintenance of price stability and continuity, regulation of the money supply, management of official 
gold and foreign exchange reserves, monitoring of the financial system and advising the government on financial matters. 
The Central Bank exercises its powers independently of the government. The Central Bank is empowered to determine the 
inflation target together with the government, and to adopt a monetary policy in compliance with such target. The Central 
Bank is the only authorised and responsible institution for the implementation of such monetary policy. 
The Central Bank has responsibility for all banks operating in Türkiye, including foreign banks. The Central Bank 
sets mandatory reserve levels. In addition, each bank must provide the Central Bank, on a current basis, information adequate 
to permit off-site evaluation of its financial performance, including balance sheets, profit and loss accounts, board of directors’ 
reports and auditor’s reports. 
Pursuant to amendments introduced to the Banking Law in 2020, the Central Bank has been empowered to determine 
maximum interest rates for lending and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as caps on fees, expenses and commissions 
charged by banks to their clients for any sort of activity. 
Banks Association of Türkiye 
The Banks Association of Türkiye is an organisation that provides limited supervision of and coordination among 
banks (excluding the participation banks) operating in Türkiye. All banks (excluding the participation banks) in Türkiye are 
obligated to become members of this association. As the representative body of the banking sector, the association aims to 
examine, protect and promote its members’ professional interests; however, despite its supervisory and disciplinary functions, 
it does not possess any powers to regulate banking.

--- Page 186 ---
167 
Shareholdings 
The direct or indirect acquisition by a Person of shares that represent 10% or more of the share capital of any bank 
or the direct or indirect acquisition or disposition of such shares by a Person if the total number of shares held by such Person 
increases above or falls below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of a bank, requires the permission of the BRSA in 
order to preserve full voting and other shareholders’ rights associated with such shares. In addition, irrespective of the 
thresholds above, an assignment and transfer of privileged shares with the right to nominate a member to the board of directors 
or audit committee (or the issuance of new shares with such privileges) is also subject to the authorisation of the BRSA. 
Additionally, the direct or indirect acquisition or transfer of any shares of a legal entity that owns 10% or more of the share 
capital of a bank is subject to the BRSA’s approval if such transfer results in the total number of such legal entity’s shares 
directly or indirectly held by a shareholder increasing above or falling below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% of the share capital of 
such legal entity. If such approval is not obtained, then the relevant shares would merely entitle their owner to the right to 
dividends whereas the voting and other shareholder rights would be exercised by the SDIF. 
The board of directors of a bank is responsible for taking necessary measures to ascertain that shareholders attending 
a general assembly have obtained the applicable authorisations from the BRSA. If the BRSA determines that a shareholder 
has exercised voting or other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends) without due authorisation as 
described in the preceding paragraph, then it is authorised to direct the board of directors of a bank to start the procedure to 
cancel such applicable general assembly resolutions (including by way of taking any necessary precautions concerning such 
banks within its authority under the Banking Law if such procedure has not been started yet). If the shares are obtained on the 
stock exchange, then the BRSA may also impose administrative fines on shareholders who exercise their rights or acquire or 
transfer shares as described in the preceding paragraph without authorisation by the BRSA. In the case that the procedure to 
cancel such general assembly resolutions is not yet started, or such transfer of shares is not deemed appropriate by the BRSA 
even though the procedure to cancel such general assembly resolutions is started, then, upon the notification of the BRSA, 
the SDIF has the authority to exercise such voting and other shareholders’ rights (other than the right to collect dividends and 
priority rights) attributable to such shareholder. 
Lending Limits 
The Banking Law sets out certain lending limits for banks and other financial institutions designed to protect those 
institutions from excessive exposure to any one counterparty (or group of related counterparties). In particular: 
(a) Credits extended to a natural person, a legal entity or a risk group (as defined under Article 49 of the 
Banking Law) in the amounts of 10% or more of a bank’s shareholders’ equity are classified as large credits and the 
total of such credits cannot be more than eight times the bank’s shareholders’ equity.  
(b) The Banking Law restricts the total financial exposure (including extension of credits, issuance of 
guarantees, etc.) that a bank may have to any one customer or a risk group directly or indirectly to 25% of its equity 
capital. Furthermore, a bank, its shareholders holding 10% or more of the bank’s voting rights or the right to nominate 
board members, its board members, its general manager, its deputy general managers and, notwithstanding their title, 
its managers employed in equivalent or higher positions (in each case, and their respective spouses and children) and 
partnerships directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, controlled by any of such persons or a partnership in which 
such persons participate with unlimited liability or in which such persons act as a member of the board of directors 
or general managers constitute a risk group, for which the lending limits are reduced to 20% of a bank’s equity 
capital, subject to the BRSA’s discretion to increase such lending limits up to 25% or to lower it to the legal limit.  
(c) Loans extended to a bank’s shareholders (irrespective of whether they are controlling shareholders or 
they own qualified shares) registered with the share ledger of the bank holding more than 1% of the share capital of 
the bank and their risk groups may not exceed 50% of the bank’s capital equity. 
Non-cash loans, futures and option contracts and other similar contracts, avals, guarantees and suretyships, transactions 
carried out with credit institutions and other financial institutions, transactions carried out with the central governments, 
central banks and banks of the countries accredited with the BRSA, as well as bills, bonds and similar capital market 
instruments issued or guaranteed to be paid by them, and transactions carried out pursuant to such guarantees are taken into 
account for the purpose of calculation of loan limits within the framework of principles and ratios set by the BRSA.

--- Page 187 ---
168 
Pursuant to Article 55 of the Banking Law, the following transactions are exempt from the above-mentioned lending 
limits: 
(a) transactions backed by cash, cash-like instruments and accounts and precious metals, 
(b) transactions carried out with the Turkish Treasury, the Central Bank, the Privatisation Administration, 
the Housing Development Administration of Türkiye, Türkiye’s sovereign wealth fund (Türkiye Varlık Fonu) and 
its management company (Türkiye Varlık Fonu Yönetimi A.Ş.) as well as transactions carried out against bills, bonds 
and other securities issued by or payment of which is guaranteed by these institutions, 
(c) transactions carried out in money markets established by the Central Bank or pursuant to special laws, 
(d) in the event a new loan is extended to the same Person or to the same risk group (but excluding checks 
and credit cards), any increase due to the volatility of exchange rates, taking into consideration the current exchange 
rate of the loans made available earlier in foreign currency (or exchange rate), at the date when the new loan was 
extended; as well as interest accrued on overdue loans, dividends and other elements, 
(e) equity participations acquired due to any capital increases at no cost and any increase in the value of 
equity participations not requiring any fund outflow, 
(f) transactions carried out among banks on the basis set out by the BRSA, 
(g) equity participations acquired through underwriting commitments in public offerings; provided that such 
participations are disposed of in a manner and at a time determined by the BRSA, 
(h) transactions that are taken into account as deductibles in calculation of equity, and 
(i) other transactions to be determined by the BRSA. 
Expected Credit Losses 
Pursuant to Article 53 of the Banking Law, banks must formulate, implement and regularly review policies regarding 
compensation for losses that have arisen or are likely to arise in connection with loans and other receivables and to reserve 
an adequate level of provisions against depreciation or impairment in the value of other assets, for qualification and 
classification of assets, receipt of guarantees and securities and measurement of their value and reliability. In addition, such 
policies must address issues such as monitoring loans under review, write-off of such loans in accordance with Turkish 
Financial Reporting Standards as published by the POA, follow-up procedures and the repayment (including restructuring) 
of loans. All special provisions set aside for loans in accordance with this article are considered to be expenditures deductible 
from the corporate tax base in the year in which they are set aside. Loans written off as per this article due to the loss of 
recovery possibility after setting aside special provisions are to be recorded as bad debt. 
Procedures relating to expected credit losses for NPLs are set out in Article 53 of the Banking Law and in regulations 
issued by the BRSA (principally through the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, which entered into force as 
of 1 January 2018 and replaced the former regulation). Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, 
banks are required to classify their loans and other receivables into one of the following groups: 
(a) Group I: Loans of a Standard Nature: This group involves each loan (which, for purposes of the 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, includes other receivables, and shall be understood as such 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus): 
(i) that has been disbursed to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities, 
(ii) the principal and interest payments of which have been structured according to the solvency 
and cash flow of the debtor, 
(iii) repayments of which have been made within due dates or have not been overdue for more than 
30 days, for which no repayment problems are expected in the future, and that have the ability to be collected 
in full without recourse to any collateral,

--- Page 188 ---
169 
(iv) for which no weakening of the creditworthiness of the applicable debtor has been found, and 
(v) to which 12 month expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (iii) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in a 60-day extension in the 
period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended 
through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of 
this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) 
as Group I loans that were overdue for more than 31 days but not more than 90 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(b) Group II: Loans Under Close Monitoring: This group involves each loan: 
(i) that has been extended to financially creditworthy natural persons and legal entities and where 
negative changes in the debtor’s solvency or cash flow have been observed or predicted due to adverse 
events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates, or other adverse events 
solely related to the respective debtor, 
(ii) that needs to be closely monitored due to reasons such as significant financial risk carried by 
the debtor at the time of the utilisation of the loan, 
(iii) in connection with which problems are likely to occur as to principal and interest payments 
under the conditions of the loan agreement, and where such problems (in case not resolved) might result in 
non-payment risk before recourse to any collateral, 
(iv) although the creditworthiness of the debtor has not weakened in comparison with its 
creditworthiness on the day the loan is granted, there is likelihood of such weakening due to the debtor’s 
irregular and unmanageable cash flow, 
(v) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which are overdue for more than 30 but 
less than 90 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) for reasons that cannot be 
interpreted as a weakening in creditworthiness, 
(vi) in connection with which the credit risk of the debtor has notably increased pursuant to 
TFRS 9, 
(vii) repayments of which are fully dependent upon collateral and the net realisable value of such 
collateral falls under the receivable amount, 
(viii) that has been subject to restructuring when monitored under Group I or Group II without 
being subject to classification as an NPL, or 
(ix) that has been subject to restructuring while being monitored as an NPL and classified as a 
performing loan upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions stated in the regulation. 
On 27 March 2020 (with retroactive effect from 17 March 2020), the BRSA (as part of the measures taken 
against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic) announced a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) 
providing that the 30 days referred to in clause (v) is replaced with 90 days, resulting in a 60-day extension in the 
period for loans remaining categorised as Group I loans before being categorised as Group II loans. On 8 December 
2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended 
through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of 
this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to loans classified (as per this provisional measure) 
as Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(c) Group III: Loans with Limited Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has weakened,

--- Page 189 ---
170 
(ii) that demonstrates limited possibility for the collection of the full amount due to the 
insufficiency of net realisable value of the collateral or the debtor’s resources to meet the collection of the 
full amount on the due date without any recourse to the collateral, and that would likely result in losses in 
case such problems are not resolved, 
(iii) collection of the principal and/or interest of which has/have been delayed for more than 90 
days but not more than 180 days from the payment due date, 
(iv) in connection with which the bank is of the opinion that collection by the bank of the principal 
or interest of the loan or both will be delayed for more than 90 days from the payment due date owing to 
reasons such as the debtor’s difficulties in financing working capital or in creating additional liquidity as a 
result of adverse events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or other 
adverse events solely related to the debtor, or 
(v) that has been classified as a performing loan after restructuring but principal and/or interest 
payments of which have been overdue for more than 30 days within one year of restructuring or have been 
subject to another restructuring within a year of a previous restructuring. 
On 17 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic) implemented a temporary rule (effective until 31 December 2020) providing that the 90 days referred to 
in clauses (iii) and (iv) are replaced with 180 days, resulting in loans remaining categorised as Group II loans longer. 
The temporary rule did not provide any guidance as to classification of loans with payment delays of more than 
180 days; however, it might be the case that such loans would bypass Group III and become Group IV loans. This 
temporary rule also suspended the application of clause (v) through 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the 
BRSA extended this temporary rule until 30 June 2021, which (other than the suspension of the application of 
clause (v)) was on 17 June 2021 further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the BRSA 
announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to 
loans classified (as per this provisional measure) as Group II loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not 
more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. 
(d) Group IV: Loans with Suspicious Recovery: This group involves each loan: 
(i) principal and/or interest payments of which will probably not be repaid in full under the terms 
of the loan agreement without recourse to any collateral, 
(ii) in connection with which the debtor’s creditworthiness has significantly deteriorated, but 
which loan is not considered as an actual loss due to expected factors such as merger, the possibility of 
finding new financing or a capital increase to enhance the debtor’s creditworthiness or the possibility of the 
credit being collected, 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
180 days but less than one year following any payment due date (including the maturity date), or 
(iv) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which is expected to be overdue for 
more than 180 days following any payment due date (including the maturity date) as a result of adverse 
events in macroeconomic conditions or in the sector in which the debtor operates or adverse events solely 
related to the debtor. 
(e) Group V: Loans Considered as Losses: This group involves each loan: 
(i) for which, as a result of the complete loss of the debtor’s creditworthiness, no collection is 
expected or only a negligible part of the total receivable amount is expected to be collected, 
(ii) although having the characteristics stated in Groups III and IV, the collection of the total 
receivable amount of which, albeit due and payable, is unlikely within a period exceeding one year, or 
(iii) the collection of principal and/or interest payments of which has been overdue for more than 
one year following any payment due date.

--- Page 190 ---
171 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the following loans are classified as NPLs: (a) 
loans that are classified under Groups III, IV and V, (b) loans the debtors of which are deemed to have defaulted pursuant to 
the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings Based Approaches (published in 
the Official Gazette dated 23 October 2015 and numbered 29511) or (c) loans to which, as a result of debtor’s default, the 
lifetime expected credit loss reserve applies under TFRS 9. Financial guarantees are also classified as NPLs on the basis of 
their nominal amounts in case where: (i) a risk of a compensation claim by the creditor has occurred or (ii) the debt assumed 
under the relevant financial guarantee falls within the scope of any of the circumstances stated in clause (a), (b) or (c). If 
several loans have been extended to a debtor by the same bank and any of these loans is classified as an NPL, then all other 
loans extended to such debtor by such bank shall also be classified as NPLs; however, for consumer loans, even if any of 
these loans is classified as an NPL, other consumer loans granted to the same debtor may be classified in the respective 
applicable group other than Group I. According to the decisions of the BRSA dated 15 November 2018 and numbered 8095 
and dated 1 August 2019 and numbered 5477, KGF-guaranteed loans (which are supported by the Turkish Treasury) and 
loans restructured within the scope of the Framework Agreement will not be classified as NPLs unless there is an overdue 
amount for more than 90 days following the due date; however, pursuant to March 2020 amendments to the rules, the 90 day 
limit was increased to 180 days until 31 December 2020. On 8 December 2020, the BRSA extended this temporary rule until 
30 June 2021, which (on 17 June 2021) was then further extended through 30 September 2021. On 16 September 2021, the 
BRSA announced that, notwithstanding the expiration of this temporary rule on 30 September 2021, it would still apply to 
loans that were overdue for more than 91 days but not more than 180 days as of 1 October 2021. On 8 July 2021, the BRSA 
published amendments to the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks, pursuant to which amendments a resolution 
mechanism regarding restructured loans and NPLs is required to be implemented by banks whose gross NPLs are equal to or 
exceed 0.5% of the total NPLs in the Turkish banking sector. 
On 27 November 2019, the BRSA published an amendment to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, 
which was retroactively made effective from 19 July 2019. According to this amendment, if the portion of a loan for which a 
lifelong expected loan loss provision or special provision has been set aside due to the debtor’s default and that is classified 
under Group V is not reasonably expected to be recovered, then such portion/loan may (as an accounting matter) be written 
down within the scope of TFRS 9 as of the first fiscal reporting period following its classification under Group V. On 6 July 
2021, the BRSA further amended the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments 
banks are allowed to write-down such portion/loan within a period that is deemed appropriate by the bank; however, banks 
are required to justify and record the relevant time period and have the relevant documents available for audit. 
The Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation includes detailed rules and criteria in relation to concepts of 
the “reclassification” and “restructuring” of loans. The reclassification of NPLs as performing loans is subject to the following 
conditions: (a) all overdue repayments that have caused the relevant loan to be classified as an NPL have been collected in 
full without any recourse to any security, (b) as of the date of the reclassification, there has not been any overdue repayment 
and the last two repayments preceding such date (except the repayments mentioned in clause (a)) have been realised in full 
by their due date, and (c) conditions for such loans to be classified under Group I or II have been fulfilled. Furthermore, loans 
that have been fully or partially written-down by the banks in their assets, security for which loans has been enforced to satisfy 
the debt or repayment of which has been made in kind, cannot be classified as a performing loan. On 6 July 2021, the BRSA 
introduced amendments to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, pursuant to which amendments banks are 
required to keep the criteria for reclassification of NPLs in written form and make the relevant documents available for audit. 
According to non-public BRSA decisions dated 8 November 2019 and 8 December 2020, loans that are partially repaid 
through the foreclosure on collateral or have been paid in kind were exempt from this regulation through 30 June 2021. 
The restructuring of a loan consists of: (a) amendments to the conditions of the loan agreement or (b) partial or full 
refinancing of the loan. In this respect, an NPL may be reclassified as a restructured loan under Group II subject to the 
following conditions: (i) upon evaluation of the financial standing of the debtor, it has been determined that the conditions 
for the applicable loan to be classified as an NPL have disappeared, (ii) the loan has been monitored as an NPL at least for 
one year following restructuring, (iii) as of the date of reclassification as a Group II loan, there has not been any delay in 
principal and/or interest payments nor are there any expectation of any such delay in the future, and (iv) overdue payments 
and/or written-down principal payments in relation to the restructured loan have been collected. According to a non-public 
BRSA decision on 8 November 2019, the one year period described in clause (ii) was reduced to six months; however, per 
the decision of the BRSA dated 17 June 2021, such rule was terminated as of 30 June 2021. Furthermore, such restructured 
NPL being reclassified as a performing Group II loan may be excluded from the scope of the restructuring if all the following 
conditions are met: (A) such loan has been monitored as a restructured loan under Group II at least for one year, (B) at least 
10% of the outstanding debt amount has been repaid during such one year monitoring period, (C) there has not been any delay 
of more than 30 days in principal and/or interest payments of any loan extended to the applicable debtor during such 
monitoring period and (D) the financial difficulty that led to the restructuring of the loan no longer exists. Pursuant to the 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks applying TFRS 9 may reclassify their performing loans, which had

--- Page 191 ---
172 
been previously classified as restructured loans under Group II, under Group I again following a minimum three month 
monitoring period, subject to the satisfaction of the requirements listed under clauses (C) and (D) above (regardless of the 
conditions under clauses (A) and (B) stated above). In addition, the modification of a contract and/or partially or totally 
refinancing a Group I loan of a debtor who is not in financial difficulty is not considered to be a restructuring and such loans 
can continue to be classified under Group I. 
Pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, the general rule is that banks shall apply 
provisions for their loans pursuant to TFRS 9; however, the BRSA may, on an exceptional basis, authorise a bank to apply 
the applicable provisions set forth in the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation instead of those required by 
TFRS 9, subject to the presence of detailed and acceptable grounds. With respect to the requirements under TFRS 9, “twelve-
months expected credit loss reserve” and “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to significant increase in credit 
risk profile of the debtor” are considered as general provisions while “lifetime expected credit loss reserve set aside due to 
debtor’s default” is considered as special provisions. 
Under Articles 10 and 11 of the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation, banks that have been authorised 
not to apply provisions under TFRS 9 are required to set aside general provisions for at least 1.5% and 3.0% of their total cash 
loans portfolio under Groups I and II, respectively. For non-cash loans, undertakings and derivatives, general provisions to 
be set aside are calculated by applying the foregoing percentages to the risk-weighted amounts determined pursuant to the 
Capital Adequacy Regulation. Subject to the presence of a written pledge or assignment agreement, loans secured with cash, 
deposit, participation funds and gold deposit accounts, bonds that are issued by the Turkish government (including the Central 
Bank) and guarantees and sureties provided by such are not subject to the general set aside calculation. Loans extended to the 
Turkish government (including the Central Bank) are not required to be considered in such calculation. As to special 
provisions, banks are required to set aside provisions for NPLs under Groups III, IV and V of at least 20%, 50%, and 100%, 
respectively, of the incurred credit loss. 
For general provisions, banks are required to set aside provisions (separately) as per country risks and transfer risks, 
and, for special provisions, banks are required to consider country risks and transfer risks. In addition, the BRSA may increase 
such provision requirements for certain banks or loans taking into account the concentration, from time to time, of matters 
such as the size, type, due date, currency, interest structure, sector to which loans are extended, geographic circumstances, 
collateral and the credit risk level and management. 
Regarding the monitoring of security by the banks that have been authorised not to apply provisions under TFRS 9, 
the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation increased the number of categories on collaterals (from four to five), 
amended the content of such categories, and amended the proportions to be deducted, in order to determine the net realisable 
values of the collaterals, from the borrower’s NPLs as follows: 
Category 
Discount Rate 
Category I collateral ...................
100%
Category II collateral ..................
80%
Category III collateral.................
60%
Category IV collateral.................
40%
Category V collateral .................
20%
According to amendments to the Equity Regulation and the Capital Adequacy Regulation that became effective as 
of 1 January 2022, general provisions would, from that date, no longer be allowed to be included in a bank’s supplementary 
capital (i.e., tier 2 capital); however, on 24 December 2021, the BRSA revoked these amendments. As such, these general 
provisions are included in supplementary capital and not deducted from a bank’s risk-weighted assets. 
Capital Adequacy 
Article 45 of the Banking Law defines “capital adequacy” as having adequate capital against losses that could arise 
from the risks encountered. Pursuant to the same article, banks must calculate, achieve, maintain and report their capital 
adequacy ratio, which, within the framework of the BRSA’s regulations, cannot be less than 8% (excluding capital buffers). 
In addition, as a prudential requirement, the BRSA requires a target capital adequacy ratio that is 4% higher than the regulatory 
capital ratio of 8% (in each case, excluding capital buffers). 
The BRSA is authorised to increase the minimum capital adequacy ratio and the minimum consolidated capital 
adequacy ratio, to set different ratios for each bank and to revise risk weights of assets that are based upon participation 
accounts, but must consider each bank’s internal systems as well as its asset and financial structures.

--- Page 192 ---
173 
The Equity Regulation defines capital of a bank as the sum of: (a) principal capital (i.e., tier 1 capital), which is 
composed of core capital (i.e., common equity tier 1 capital) and additional principal capital (i.e., additional tier 1 capital) and 
(b) supplementary capital (i.e., tier 2 capital) minus capital deductions. Pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which 
entered into force on 31 March 2016: (i) both the unconsolidated and consolidated minimum common equity tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratios are 4.5% and (ii) both unconsolidated and consolidated minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratios are 6.0%. 
The BRSA published several new regulations and communiqués or amendments to its existing regulations and 
communiqués (as published in the Official Gazette No. 29511 dated 23 October 2015 and No. 29599 dated 20 January 2016) 
in accordance with the Regulatory Consistency Assessment Programme (“RCAP”) of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”), which is conducted by the Bank for International Settlements (the “BIS”) with a view 
to ensure Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations. These included amendments to the Equity Regulation and the entry 
into force of the Capital Adequacy Regulation, both on 31 March 2016. The Capital Adequacy Regulation sustained the 
capital adequacy ratios introduced by the former regulation but changed the risk weights of certain items, including: (a) the 
risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves held with the Central Bank from 0% to 50%; however, on 
24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its guidance to allow foreign exchange-denominated required reserves held with the 
Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight, and (b) the exclusion of the general reserve for possible losses from capital 
calculations. If, during a fiscal period, general provisions recorded during previous fiscal periods are reversed, then the net 
income for such later period is increased by the amount of such reversals, which thus increases shareholders’ equity. 
The Capital Adequacy Regulation also lowered the risk weights of certain assets and credit conversion factors, 
including reducing: (a) the risk weights of residential mortgage loans from 50% to 35%, (b) the risk weights of consumer 
loans (excluding residential mortgage loans) qualifying as retail loans (perakende alacaklar) in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulation and instalment payments of credit cards from a range of 100% to 250% (depending upon their 
outstanding tenor) to 75% (irrespective of their tenor) (on 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk weighting for consumer 
credit card instalment payments and consumer cash loans (excluding mortgage loans and auto loans) issued after 1 July 2021 
to a range of 100% to 150% depending upon their tenor); provided that such receivables are not reclassified as NPLs, and (c) 
the credit conversion factors of commitments for credit cards and overdrafts from 20% to 0%. As of 7 February 2017, the 
BRSA published a decision that enables banks to use 0% risk weightings for Turkish Lira-denominated exposures guaranteed 
by the KGF and supported by the Turkish Treasury. On 12 June 2018, the BRSA announced its decision (dated 7 June 2018 
and numbered 7841) to amend the per customer total risk limit for loans described in clause (b), which is the upper limit for 
such loans subjected to the 75% risk weight, from TL 4,200,000 to TL 5,500,000, which was then increased to TL 7,000,000 
on 18 January 2019, TL 10,000,000 on 21 December 2021 and TL 20,000,000 on 31 January 2023. In response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, on 23 March 2020 and 16 April 2020, the BRSA announced regulatory forbearance measures that 
allow banks to: (i) use in their calculations of risk-weighted assets for credit risk exposures from March 2020 through 
31 December 2020 (as per the decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the foreign exchange rates 
that are used in their 2019 year-end financial statements, (ii) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated 
receivables owed by the centralised administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have 
a separate legal entity and act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject 
to credit risk in accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation and (iii) 
calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 31 December 2020 (as per 
the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the negative net valuation differences related 
to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income; 
however, on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the application of clause (iii) from 30 June 2021, and, as per its 
decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other than for the “securities whose fair value difference is reflected 
in other comprehensive income” were negative as of 21 December 2021 (for “securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair 
value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income,” the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will 
continue to be implemented) and, as for the application of clause (i), determined that until such date as determined by the 
BRSA, banks may use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days before 
the calculation date when calculating the risk-weighted amounts of credit risk exposures and the relevant special provision 
amounts as per TFRS for both cash and non-cash assets other than assets in foreign currency measured on a historical cost 
basis instead of using the relevant foreign exchange buying rate as of the calculation date (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA 
announced that, as of 1 January 2022 until otherwise determined by the BRSA, banks shall (if using this approach) use the 
average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 
28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central 
Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations, and on 31 January 
2023 the BRSA further amended this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central 
Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations).

--- Page 193 ---
174 
On 1 July 2021, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable for personal credit cards and consumer loans 
provided after such date from 75% to 100% or 150% depending upon the remaining maturity of the relevant receivables. 
On 28 April 2022, the BRSA increased the risk-weights applicable to commercial cash loans provided after 1 May 
2022 from a range of 20-150% to 200%; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, financial 
institutions, individuals and/or certain governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, 
agricultural loans and corporate credit cards. On 14 February 2023, as a result of two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş 
on 6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, the BRSA announced that such risk-weights shall (until 1 January 2024) 
not be applied to the personal credit cards and consumer loans and commercial cash loans provided after 6 February 2023 to 
customers located in the cities affected by such earthquakes. On 23 February 2023, the BRSA extended such provisional 
measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas. 
On 23 June and 7 July 2022, the BRSA also increased the risk weights applicable to: (i) Turkish Lira- and foreign 
currency-denominated commercial cash loans to be utilised by Turkish legal or natural residents who have performed 
derivative transactions with non-residents after 23 June 2022 and (ii) Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
utilised after 30 June 2022 if the lending bank determines that the documents provided by the borrower are inadequate 
according to the BRSA’s limitations on borrowings by companies with foreign currency-denominated assets above a certain 
threshold, in each case to 500% regardless of their credit risk mitigation technique, mortgage or credit rating notes. 
Amendments to the Equity Regulation introduced certain limitations to the items that are included in the capital 
calculations of banks that have issued additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments prior to 1 January 2014. According to these 
amendments, tier 2 instruments that were issued (among others) after 1 January 2013 are included in tier 2 calculations only 
if they satisfy all of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
On 11 July 2017, clause 9(8)(b) of the Equity Regulation was repealed. In this context, the excess amount mentioned 
in Article 57 of the Banking Law (i.e., “the total book value of the real property owned by a bank cannot exceed 50% of its 
capital base”), and the commodity goods and properties that banks acquire due to their receivables (e.g., foreclosed-upon 
collateral) but have not disposed within three years, are no longer deducted from a bank’s capital base. 
In 2013, the BRSA published the Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2014 and provides additional core capital requirements both on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis. Pursuant to this regulation, the additional core capital requirements are to be calculated by the 
multiplication of the amount of risk-weighted assets by the sum of a capital conservation buffer ratio and bank-specific 
countercyclical buffer ratio. According to this regulation, the capital conservation buffer for banks was set at 1.875% for 2018 
and 2.500% for 2019 and thereafter. Pursuant to decisions of the BRSA, the countercyclical capital buffer required for Turkish 
banks’ exposures in Türkiye was initially set at 0% of a bank’s risk-weighted assets in Türkiye; however, such ratio might 
fluctuate between 0% and 2.5% as announced from time to time by the BRSA. Any increase to the countercyclical capital 
buffer ratio is to be effective one year after the relevant public announcement, whereas any reduction is to be effective as of 
the date of the relevant public announcement. 
In 2013, the BRSA also published the Regulation on the Measurement and Evaluation of Leverage Levels of Banks 
(which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of certain provisions that entered into effect on 1 January 
2015), seeking to constrain leverage in the banking system and ensure maintenance of adequate equity on a consolidated and 
unconsolidated basis against leverage risks (including measurement error in the risk-based capital measurement approach). 
In February 2016, the BRSA issued the D-SIBs Regulation in line with the Basel Committee standards, introducing 
a methodology for assessing the degree to which banks are considered to be systemically important to the Turkish domestic 
market and setting out the additional capital requirements for those banks classified as D-SIBs. The contemplated 
methodology uses an indicator-based approach to identify and classify D-SIBs in Türkiye under four different categories: 
size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutability and complexity. Initially, a score for each bank is to be calculated based upon 
their 2014 year-end consolidated financial statements by assessing each bank’s position against a threshold score to be 
determined by the BRSA. The D-SIBs Regulation requires banks identified as D-SIBs to maintain a capital buffer depending 
upon their respective classification. These buffers are applied as 3% for Group 4 banks, 2% for Group 3 banks, 1.5% for 
Group 2 banks and 1% for Group 1 banks. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is classified as a Group 2 D-SIB 
under the D-SIBs Regulation. 
Furthermore, the Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios seeks to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level 
of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash to meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day 
period. The Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios provides that the ratio of the high quality asset stock to the net cash

--- Page 194 ---
175 
outflows, both of which are calculated in line with the regulation, cannot be lower than 100% in respect of total consolidated 
and unconsolidated liquidity and 80% in respect of consolidated and unconsolidated foreign exchange liquidity. The BRSA 
decision dated 26 December 2014 (No. 6143) on liquidity ratios provides that a 0% liquidity adequacy ratio limit applies to 
deposit banks. On 15 August 2017, the BRSA revised from 50% to 100% the ratio of required reserves held with the Central 
Bank that can be included in liquidity calculations. Unconsolidated total and foreign currency liquidity coverage ratios cannot 
be non-compliant more than six times within a calendar year, which includes non-compliances that have already been 
remedied. 
Pursuant to the Equity Regulation, if a Turkish bank invests in debt instruments of other banks or financial 
institutions that are already invested in that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or tier 2 capital, then the amount of such debt 
instrument (and their issuance premia) are required to be deducted when calculating that Turkish bank’s additional tier 1 or 
tier 2 capital (as applicable). 
On 7 June 2018, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of 
Banks’ Equity, which sets forth procedures and principles for the write-up and write-down of the debt instruments or loans 
that are included in the calculation of banks’ equity (i.e., additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital) as well as procedures and 
principles related to conversion of such debt instruments into shares. 
See also a discussion of the implementation of Basel III in “-Basel Committee - Basel III” below. 
Tier 2 Rules 
According to the Equity Regulation, which came into force on 1 January 2014, tier 2 capital shall be calculated by 
subtracting capital deductions from general provisions that are set aside for receivables and/or the surplus of provisions and 
capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts for receivables (as the case may be, depending upon the method used 
by the bank to calculate the credit risk amounts of the applicable receivables) and the debt instruments that have been approved 
by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank along with a written statement confirming 
compliance of the debt instruments with the conditions set forth below and their issuance premia (the “Tier 2 Conditions”): 
(a) the debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of the bank, the debt instrument shall have priority over debt instruments that 
are included in additional tier 1 capital and shall be subordinated with respect to rights of deposit holders and all 
other creditors, 
(c) the debt instrument shall not be related to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be tied to any 
guarantee or security, in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates the condition stated in 
clause (b), 
(d) the debt instrument must have an initial maturity of at least five years and shall not include any provision 
that may incentivise prepayment, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if the debt instrument includes a prepayment option, such option shall be exercisable no earlier than five 
years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) the bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the bank, 
and 
(ii)(A) the debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on the bank’s ability to sustain its 
operations or (B) following the exercise of the option, the equity of the bank shall exceed the higher of: (1) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation along 
with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers published on 
5 November 2013, (2) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of the bank and (3) the higher 
capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any);

--- Page 195 ---
176 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a prepayment option may be exercised; 
provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the debt instrument shall not provide investors with the right to demand early amortisation except for 
during a bankruptcy or dissolution process relating to the issuer, 
(g) the debt instrument’s dividend or interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of the 
issuer, 
(h) the debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by the issuer or by corporations controlled by the issuer 
or significantly under the influence of the issuer or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly 
or indirectly financed by the issuer itself, 
(i) if there is a possibility that the bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of the management of the bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the 
losses incurred by the bank, then removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt instrument’s 
conversion to share certificates for the absorption of the loss would be possible if the BRSA so decides, 
(j) in the event that the debt instrument has not been issued by the bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to the bank 
or its consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above, and 
(k) the repayment of the principal of the debt instrument before its maturity is subject to the approval of the 
BRSA and the approval of the BRSA is subject to the same conditions as the exercise of the prepayment option as 
described in clause (e). 
Loans (as opposed to securities) that have been approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors 
of the applicable bank accompanied by a written statement confirming that all of the Tier 2 Conditions (except for the CMB 
approval condition stated in clause (a) of the Tier 2 Conditions) are met also can be included in tier 2 capital calculations. 
In addition to the conditions that need to be met before including debt instruments and loans in the calculation of 
tier 2 capital, the Equity Regulation also provides a limit for inclusion of general provisions to be set aside for receivables 
and/or the surplus of provisions and capital deductions with respect to expected loss amounts of receivables; however, the 
portion of surplus of this amount that exceeds general provisions is not taken into consideration in calculating the tier 2 capital. 
Furthermore, in addition to the Tier 2 Conditions stated above, the BRSA may require new conditions for each debt 
instrument and the procedure and principles regarding the removal of the debt instrument from the bank’s records or the debt 
instrument’s conversion to share certificates are determined by the BRSA. 
Under Article 8(2)(ğ) of the Equity Regulation, to be eligible for inclusion as tier 2 capital, it must be possible 
pursuant to the terms of such capital that such capital be written down and/or converted into equity of the relevant bank upon 
the decision of the BRSA in the event that it is probable that: (a) the operating licence of such bank may be revoked or (b) 
shareholders’ rights (except to dividends) and the management and supervision of such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, 
in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in accounts of tier 2 capital as of the date 
of transfer to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. Loans and debt instruments that have been included in 
tier 2 capital calculations and that have less than five years to maturity shall be included in tier 2 capital calculations after 
being reduced by 20% each year. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Rules 
Under Article 7(2)(i) of the Equity Regulation, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 capital of a bank, the 
bank must be entitled pursuant to the terms of that debt to write-down or convert into equity (but not necessarily both) such 
debt upon the common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(s) of such bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, falling 
below 5.125%. In such a case, such bank is required to promptly notify the BRSA and an amount of such debt must be written-
down and/or converted into equity, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore the applicable such common equity 
tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%. As a result of such a write-down: (a) in the event of the liquidation of the 
bank, the claims of the holders of such debt must be reducible via write-down, (b) in the event of the exercise of the redemption

--- Page 196 ---
177 
option, the amount redeemed will be the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as 
opposed to their original principal amount, and (c) dividend and interest payments on such debt must be partially or completely 
cancellable. 
In addition, Article 7(2)(j) of the Equity Regulation provides that, in order for a debt to qualify as additional tier 1 
capital, it must be possible, pursuant to the terms of that debt, for such debt to be written down or converted into equity (but 
not necessarily both) upon the decision of the BRSA if it is probable that: (a) the bank’s operating licence might be revoked 
or (b) such bank may be transferred to the SDIF, in each case pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Prior to any determination of non-viability of a bank under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA may require a 
number of corrective, rehabilitative and/or restrictive actions to be taken by the bank in accordance with Articles 68, 69 and 
70 of the Banking Law, including as described in “-Cancellation of Banking License.” In the event that: (a) such actions are 
not (in whole or in part) taken by such bank within a period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, 
(b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that 
taking these actions will not lead to the strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of 
such bank would jeopardise the rights of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of 
the financial system, (e) such bank cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such 
bank exceeds the total amount of its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have 
utilised such bank’s resources for their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the 
secure functioning of the bank or caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA may determine 
that such bank is non-viable under Article 71 of the Banking Law. 
Calculation of Additional Tier 1 Capital. According to the Equity Regulation, the amount of additional tier 1 capital 
shall be calculated by subtracting capital deductions from the sum of: (a) shares with preferential rights that are not included 
in common equity tier 1 capital (except for such shares that require the distribution of dividends in the future), (b) share 
premia resulting from the issuance of such shares with preferential rights and (c) debt that has been approved by the BRSA 
(and related issuance premia) as eligible for inclusion in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital. The Equity Regulation 
sets out that, in order for a debt instrument to be included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital, the following conditions 
need to be met: 
(a) such debt instrument shall have been issued by the bank and approved by the CMB and shall have been 
fully collected in cash, 
(b) in the event of dissolution of such bank, such debt instrument shall be subordinated with respect to debt 
that is included in tier 2 capital and rights of deposit holders and all other creditors (other than other additional tier 1 
capital), 
(c) such debt instrument shall not be linked to any derivative operation or contract, nor shall it be linked to 
any guarantee or security (in Turkish: teminat), in one way or another, directly or indirectly, in a manner that violates 
the condition stated in clause (b), 
(d) such debt instrument shall not have a maturity and shall not include any provision that may incentivise 
redemption, such as dividends and increase of interest rate, 
(e) if such debt instrument includes a redemption option, then such option shall be exercisable no earlier 
than five years after issuance and only with the approval of the BRSA; approval of the BRSA is subject to the 
following conditions: 
(i) such bank should not create any market expectation that the option will be exercised by the 
bank, and either 
(ii) such debt instrument shall be replaced by another debt instrument either of the same quality 
or higher quality, and such replacement shall not have a restrictive effect on such bank’s ability to sustain 
its operations, or 
(iii) following the exercise of the option, the equity of such bank shall exceed the higher of: (A) 
the capital adequacy requirement that is to be calculated pursuant to the Capital Adequacy Regulation 
along with the BRSA’s Regulation on Capital Conservation and Countercyclical Capital Buffers published

--- Page 197 ---
178 
on 5 November 2013, (B) the capital requirement derived as a result of an ICAAP of such bank and (C) 
the higher capital requirement set by the BRSA (if any); 
however, if tax legislation or other regulations are materially amended, a redemption option may be exercised; 
provided that the above conditions in this clause (e) are met and the BRSA approves, 
(f) the redemption of the principal of such debt instrument shall be subject to approval of the BRSA, in 
which case the BRSA would seek the conditions stated in clause (e) to be met, 
(g) the bank shall be entitled to cancel the interest and dividend payments on such debt instrument and, if it 
exercises such right, then it shall not have an obligation to pay the difference between the amount set out in the terms 
of such debt instrument and the amount actually paid in subsequent periods (even in case of non-payment), 
cancellation of payments shall not be considered as default, such bank shall be entitled to use at its own discretion 
the amounts corresponding to the cancelled payments and the cancellation shall not have any restricting effect on 
such bank except with respect to payments to be made to its shareholders, 
(h) dividend or interest payments on such debt instrument may be made only out of the items that may be 
used for dividend distribution, 
(i) such debt instrument’s dividend and interest payments shall not be linked to the creditworthiness of such 
bank, 
(j) such debt instrument shall not be: (i) purchased by such bank or by corporations controlled by such bank 
or significantly under the influence of such bank or (ii) assigned to such entities, and its purchase shall not be directly 
or indirectly financed by such bank itself, 
(k) such debt instrument shall not possess any features hindering any new equity issuance, 
(l) such bank must be entitled, pursuant to the terms of the debt instrument, to write-down or convert into 
equity (but not necessarily both) such debt instrument if the common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of the bank 
(on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis) falls below 5.125%, in each case to the extent necessary so as to restore 
the applicable such common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(s) to at least 5.125%; as a result of such a write-
down: (i) in the event of the liquidation of the bank, the claims of the holders of such debt instrument must be 
reducible via write-down, (ii) in the event of any redemption of such debt instrument, the amount redeemed will be 
the then-outstanding principal amount (i.e., after any write-downs and write-ups) as opposed to their original 
principal amount, and (iii) dividend and interest payments on such debt instrument must be partially or completely 
cancellable, 
(m) if there is a possibility that such bank’s operating licence would be cancelled or the probability of the 
transfer of such bank to the SDIF arises pursuant to Article 71 of the Banking Law due to the losses incurred by the 
bank, then such debt instrument shall be subject to being written down or converted into equity (but not necessarily 
both) for the absorption of the loss if the BRSA so decides, and 
(n) in the event that such debt instrument has not been issued by such bank itself or one of its consolidated 
entities, the amounts obtained from the issuance shall be immediately transferred without any restriction to such 
bank or the applicable consolidated entity (as the case may be) in accordance with the rules listed above. 
In addition to debt instruments issued by the bank and approved by the CMB (as stated in clause (a)), loans that have been 
approved by the BRSA upon the application of the board of directors of the applicable bank accompanied by a written 
statement confirming that all of these conditions (except for the condition stated in clause (a) regarding debt instruments 
issued by the bank and approved by the CMB) are met also can be included in the calculation of the amount of additional 
tier 1 capital. 
In addition to these conditions, the BRSA may also require other conditions to be met in respect of a debt, including 
in connection with the procedures relating to the write-down or conversion into equity of such debt. 
Debt instruments and loans that are approved by the BRSA are included in the calculation of the amount of additional 
tier 1 capital as of the date of transfer of the proceeds thereof to the relevant accounts in the applicable bank’s records. When 
applying with respect to a bank the measures set out under Article 71 of the Banking Law, the BRSA is not to take into

--- Page 198 ---
179 
account as liabilities of such bank the debt instruments and loans included in the calculation of additional tier 1 capital of such 
bank. 
The Equity Regulation provides that the BRSA is to determine the rules and procedures with respect to the write-
down or conversion into equity of debt included in additional tier 1 capital. Accordingly, on 7 June 2018, the BRSA published 
the Communiqué on Debt Instruments to be included in the Calculation of Banks’ Equity (the “Regulatory Capital 
Communiqué”). The Regulatory Capital Communiqué is intended to align the Turkish additional tier 1 framework with 
European practices and imposed certain new requirements on banks. 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué. The Regulatory Capital Communiqué stipulates that the debt included in 
additional tier 1 capital must be subject to write-off, write-down and conversion into equity before the debt included in tier 2 
capital of the banks. Pursuant to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, if there are multiple additional tier 1 instruments 
included in the additional tier 1 capital of a bank, then the write-off, write-down or conversion into equity of such additional 
tier 1 instruments is to be carried out on a pro rata basis based upon each such additional tier 1 instrument’s portion in the 
total value of the additional tier 1 instruments of such bank that are included in the additional tier 1 capital of such bank. 
Interest and dividend distributions on, and redemptions of, additional tier 1 instruments that have been partially converted 
into equity or written-down are to take into account the outstanding amount after such conversion into equity or write-down. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also provides for a potentially non-permanent write-down of additional tier 1 
instruments upon the common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of a bank, on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, 
falling below 5.125%. In terms of this write-down procedure, a bank is required to immediately notify the BRSA and the 
holders of such additional tier 1 instruments of the occurrence of such event. An issuer will determine the amount to be 
written down and/or converted into equity, without prejudice to any authority that the Banking Law grants to the BRSA. 
In the case of additional tier 1 instruments that provide for such a write-down of debt on a non-permanent basis, the 
terms of such additional tier 1 instrument will include provisions for the potential write-up of such written-down amount; 
however, according to the Regulatory Capital Communiqué, a write-up is not possible for additional tier 1 instruments that 
have been written down for other reasons. In addition, the Regulatory Capital Communiqué requires that the following 
conditions (among others) be satisfied for any such write-up: 
(a) a write-up can be effected only to the extent that a positive distributable net profit was calculated based 
upon the most recent fiscal year of the applicable bank, 
(b) the sum of the write-up amount and the dividend or coupon payments made with respect to the written-
down principal amount must not be more than the distributable net profit of the applicable bank multiplied by the 
result of: (i) the sum of the aggregate initial principal amount of the additional tier 1 instruments and the aggregate 
initial principal amount of all written-down additional tier 1 instruments of such bank divided by (ii) the total tier 1 
capital of such bank, each as of the date of the relevant write-up, 
(c) the write-up must be effected on a pro rata basis with the other written-down additional tier 1 instruments 
of such bank, and 
(d) the sum of any write-up amount, coupon and dividend payments over the written-down debt will be treated 
as dividend payments, which will be subject to the restrictions relating to dividend distributions and the maximum 
distributable amount restrictions. 
The Regulatory Capital Communiqué also introduced various requirements that must be satisfied in order for a bank 
to exercise any option to convert additional tier 1 instruments into equity. While the Bank has no additional tier 1 capital, any 
tier 1 capital that the Bank issues in the future might provide for such a conversion. 
Basel Committee 
Basel II. The most significant difference between the capital adequacy regulations in place before 1 July 2012 and 
the Basel II regulations is the calculation of risk-weighted assets related to credit risk. The current regulations seek to align 
more closely the minimum capital requirement of a bank with its borrowers’ credit risk profile. The impact of the new 
regulations on capital adequacy levels of Turkish banks largely stems from exposures to the Turkish government, principally 
through the holding of Turkish government bonds. While the previous rules provided a 0% risk weight for exposures to the 
Turkish sovereign and the Central Bank, the rules of Basel II require that claims on sovereign entities and their central banks 
be risk-weighted according to their credit assessment, which (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) results in a 50% risk

--- Page 199 ---
180 
weighting for Türkiye; however, the Turkish rules implementing the Basel principles in Türkiye revised this general rule by 
providing that Turkish Lira-denominated claims on sovereign entities in Türkiye and the Central Bank shall have a 0% risk 
weight. See “Basel III” below for the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated claims on the Central Bank in the form 
of required reserves. 
The BRSA published the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Credit Risk by Internal-Ratings 
Based Approaches and the Communiqué on the Calculation of Principal Subject to Operational Risk by Advanced 
Measurement Approaches for the banks to apply internal ratings for the calculation of principal subject to credit risk and 
advanced measurement approaches for the calculation of principal subject to operational risk, which entered into effect on 
1 January 2015. The BRSA also issued various guidelines noting that the use of such internal rating and advanced 
measurement approaches in the calculation of capital adequacy is subject to the BRSA’s permission. 
Basel III. Turkish banks’ capital adequacy requirements have been and will continue to be affected by Basel III, as 
implemented by the Equity Regulation, which includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, liquidity, leverage ratio and 
counterparty credit risk measurements. In 2013, the BRSA announced its intention to adopt the Basel III requirements and 
published initially the Equity Regulation and a capital adequacy regulation, each entering into effect on 1 January 2014. The 
Equity Regulation introduced core tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital as components of tier 1 capital. Subsequently, 
the BRSA replaced this first capital adequacy regulation with the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into force on 
31 March 2016. These changes: (a) introduced a minimum core capital adequacy ratio (4.5%) and a minimum tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (6.0%) to be calculated on a consolidated and unconsolidated basis (which are in addition to the previously 
existing requirement for a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0%) and (b) changed the risk weights of certain items 
that are categorised under “other assets.” The Equity Regulation also introduced new tier 2 rules and determined new criteria 
for debt instruments to be included in the tier 2 capital. According to the Capital Adequacy Regulation, which entered into 
force on 31 March 2016, the risk weights of foreign currency-denominated required reserves on the Central Bank in the form 
of required reserves were increased from 0% to 50%; however, on 24 February 2017, the BRSA amended its guidance to 
allow foreign exchange-required reserves held with the Central Bank to be subject to a 0% risk weight. 
In order to further align Turkish banking legislation with Basel principles, the BRSA has published from time to 
time new regulations and communiqués amending or replacing the existing regulations and communiqués, some of which 
amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. For information related to the leverage ratios, capital adequacy ratios and 
liquidity coverage ratios of banks, see “Capital Adequacy” above. 
The BIS reviewed Türkiye’s compliance with Basel regulations within the scope of the Basel Committee’s RCAP 
and published its RCAP assessment report in March 2016, in which Türkiye was assessed as compliant with Basel standards. 
If the Bank and/or the Group is unable to maintain its capital adequacy or leverage ratios above the minimum levels 
required by the BRSA or other regulators (whether due to the inability to obtain additional capital on acceptable economic 
terms, if at all, sell assets (including subsidiaries) at commercially reasonable prices, or at all, or for any other reason), then 
this might have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Liquidity and Reserve Requirements 
Article 46 of the Banking Law requires banks to calculate, attain, maintain and report the minimum liquidity level 
in accordance with principles and procedures set out by the BRSA. Within this framework, a comprehensive liquidity 
arrangement has been put into force by the BRSA, following the consent of the Central Bank. 
Pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (the “Communiqué Regarding Reserve 
Requirements”), the Central Bank imposes different reserve requirements for different currencies and different tenors and 
adjusts these rates from time to time in order to encourage or discourage certain types of lending and/or deposit-taking. 
The Central Bank has permitted Turkish banks to maintain: (a) a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in 
U.S. dollars (however, such option has been terminated by the Central Bank effective as of 1 October 2021) and another 
portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in standard and scrap gold (however, on 31 December 2022, the Central 
Bank announced that the facility for holding standard and scrap gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be terminated 
as of 23 June 2023) and (b) a portion or all of the reserve requirements applicable to precious metal deposit accounts in 
standard gold, which portions are revised from time to time by the Central Bank. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Group and its Business – Market Risks – Foreign Exchange and Currency Risk.” In addition, banks are required to maintain 
their required reserves against their U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities in U.S. dollars only.

--- Page 200 ---
181 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements, a bank must establish additional 
mandatory reserves if its financial leverage ratio falls within certain intervals. The financial leverage ratio is calculated 
according to the division of a bank’s capital into the sum of the following items: 
(a) its total liabilities, 
(b) its total non-cash loans and obligations, 
(c) its revocable commitments multiplied by 0.1, 
(d) the total sum of each of its derivatives commitments multiplied by its respective loan conversion rate, 
and 
(e) its irrevocable commitments. 
This additional mandatory reserve amount is calculated quarterly according to the arithmetic mean of the monthly leverage 
ratio. In addition, a bank must maintain additional mandatory reserves for six mandatory reserve periods beginning with the 
fourth calendar month following an accounting period for liabilities in Turkish Lira and foreign currency, as set forth below: 
Leverage Ratio 
Additional Reserve 
Requirement 
Below 3.0%
2.0%
From 3.0% (inclusive) to 4.0%
1.5%
From 4.0% (inclusive) to 5.0% 
1.0% 
In December 2018 and April 2019, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements 
to exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the following liabilities on the balance sheet: (a) funds acquired on the 
Borsa İstanbul with repo transactions and (b) deposits and participation funds of certain official institutions. Separate 
amendments in January 2019 removed a temporary article that distinguished the reserve requirement regime applicable to 
foreign currency liabilities other than deposits and participation funds that existed up to and prior to 28 August 2015 from 
those created after such date. The Central Bank further amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements on 
16 February 2019 to decrease the Turkish Lira liabilities reserve ratios for: (i) demand deposits, time deposits and participation 
funds with maturities of up to one year and other liabilities with maturities of up to (and including) three years, by 100 basis 
points, and (ii) all other liabilities subject to reserve requirements, by 50 basis points. On 9 May 2019, the Central Bank 
increased reserve requirements for all foreign-exchange liabilities (including foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds) 
deposits by 100 basis points and, on 27 May 2019, increased all reserve requirements for foreign-exchange 
deposits/participation funds by another 200 basis points, through which approximately US$3.0 billion and US$4.2 billion of 
liquidity, respectively, was withdrawn from the market. On both 7 August and 20 September 2019, the Central Bank increased 
reserve requirements for foreign-exchange deposits/participation funds by 100 basis points for all maturity brackets. To 
support financial stability and the real loan growth-linked reserve requirement practice, the Central Bank decided on 
28 December 2019 to increase  (effective as of 10 January 2020 for the liability period starting on 27 December 2019) the 
reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets, but 
applying a 200 basis point reduction on the new ratios for banks that attain certain Turkish Lira real loan growth conditions 
(i.e., effectively keeping the reserve requirement ratios for foreign exchange deposits/participation funds of such banks 
unchanged). 
In March 2020, as part of the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Central Bank issued a press 
release announcing the implementation of the following temporary measures: (a) providing banks with flexibility in Turkish 
Lira and foreign currency liquidity management, (b) offering targeted additional liquidity facilities to banks to secure credit 
flow to the corporate sector and (c) aiming to boost the cash flow of exporters by facilitating the discounting of export 
receivables. On 18 July 2020, the Central Bank increased foreign currency reserve requirement ratios by 300 basis points in 
all liability types and maturity brackets for all banks. 
On 27 November 2020, the Central Bank: (a) revised to 12% per annum the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves and (b) reduced the commission rate applied to the reserves maintained against U.S. dollar-
denominated deposits and participation fund liabilities from 1.25% to 0%. As a result, from December 2020, the reserve 
requirement ratios for: (i) deposits and participation funds (excluding those obtained from banks abroad) on demand and with 
a maturity up to (and including) three months and Turkish Lira-denominated other liabilities (including deposits and 
participation funds received from banks abroad) with a maturity up to (and including) one year were reduced to 6% per annum

--- Page 201 ---
182 
from 7% per annum, (ii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds (excluding deposits and participation 
funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) on demand and with a maturity less than one year 
were reduced to 19% per annum from 22% per annum, (iii) foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds 
(excluding deposits and participation funds obtained from banks abroad and precious metal deposit accounts) with a maturity 
of one year or more were reduced to 13% per annum from 18% per annum and (iv) other foreign currency-denominated 
liabilities (regardless of maturity) were reduced by 3% per annum (to a range of 5% per annum to 21% per annum). 
On 24 February 2021, the Central Bank: (a) increased Turkish Lira reserve requirement ratios by 2.00% for all 
liability types and maturity brackets, (b) revised portions of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements that Turkish banks are 
permitted to maintain in U.S. dollars and standard gold and (c) revised to 13.50% the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves. These changes became effective from the calculation date of 19 February 2021, with the 
maintenance period starting on 5 March 2021. On 1 July 2021, the Central Bank: (a) reduced the maximum percentage of 
Turkish Lira reserves it can allow to be held in U.S. dollars from 20% to 10% and terminated the option of Turkish banks to 
maintain a portion of the Turkish Lira reserve requirements in U.S. dollars as of 1 October 2021, (b) increased the reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds by 200 basis points for all maturity 
brackets and (c) started to apply remuneration rates from 13.5% to 19.0% per annum for Turkish Lira-denominated reserves 
of banks depending upon certain conditions, each of which changes became effective from the calculation date of 6 August 
2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 19 July 2021). On 15 September 2021, the Central Bank increased reserve 
requirement ratios for foreign currency-denominated deposits and participation funds and precious metals deposit accounts 
by 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective as of 17 September 2021. On 9 November 2021, the Central Bank: (i) 
further reduced the maximum percentage of Turkish Lira reserves it would allow to be held in standard gold from 15% to 
10% and announced that the facility for holding standard gold for Turkish Lira reserve requirements will be gradually 
decreased and eventually terminated and (ii) increased the reserve requirement ratios for foreign currency 
deposits/participation funds by a further 200 basis points for all maturity brackets effective from the calculation date of 
12 November 2021 (with the maintenance period starting on 28 October 2021). On 21 December 2021, the Central Bank 
amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements to exclude in the calculation of reserve requirements the 
amounts converted from foreign exchange deposits/participation funds into Turkish Lira term deposits/participation funds. 
On 23 April 2022, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 
29 April 2022) to require Turkish banks to establish mandatory reserves for their Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans; provided that the following are excluded: (a) loans provided to SMEs, tradesmen, financial institutions and/or certain 
governmental authorities and their subsidiaries and (b) export and investment loans, agricultural loans and corporate credit 
cards (i.e., the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement). Also in April 2022, the Central Bank revised to 0% per annum 
the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-denominated required reserves. 
From 23 December 2022, if a bank’s Turkish Lira share of either its total consumer or company deposits is: (a) from 
50% to below 60%, then such bank must pay a fee to the Central Bank equal to 3% of the reserves required to be held by it 
with respect to all of its foreign exchange deposits, or (b) below 50%, then such fee rate is increased to 8%. 
On 15 January 2023, the Central Bank amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements so that (starting 
with the maintenance period starting on 3 February 2023), the reserve requirement rate for Turkish Lira deposit accounts and 
participation accounts held by certain customers with maturities longer than three months is 0%. Additionally, should there 
be an increase (compared to 6 January 2023, based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every two week period) 
in a bank’s foreign currency-denominated liabilities with maturities longer than six months provided directly from abroad, 
the reserve requirement rate for such increased amount is 0% until 22 December 2023. On 8 July 2023, the Central Bank 
amended the Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements (effective as of 7 July 2023) so that if the share of a Turkish 
bank’s Turkish Lira deposits/participation funds calculated for real and legal persons is less than 57% of its total 
deposits/participation funds, then the mandatory reserve ratios for its foreign currency liabilities for deposits/participation 
funds and precious metal accounts will be increased by five basis points. 
The Central Bank issued on 10 June 2022 the Regulation on the Maintenance of Turkish Lira Securities for Foreign 
Currency Liabilities (the name of which was later changed to Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities). Pursuant to this 
regulation (as amended on 31 December 2022), effective from 24 June 2022, each Turkish bank is required to hold with the 
Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (including lease certificates 
issued by Undersecretariat of Treasury Asset Leasing Company) for the foreign currency deposits, participation funds and 
precious metals accounts held with such bank (excluding those of certain depositors, including the Central Bank itself, the 
Turkish Treasury, certain other governmental entities, other Turkish banks and non-citizens, and such deposits/funds/accounts 
funded by foreign direct investments as determined by the Central Bank) as well as the funds from foreign exchange-
denominated repo transactions. Pursuant to an amendment to the Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities made on 7 April

--- Page 202 ---
183 
2023, each Turkish bank is required to hold an amount of such securities equal to 10% of the amount of the foreign currency 
deposits, participation funds and precious metals accounts held by the relevant customers with such bank as well as the funds 
from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions; however, if the relevant bank’s ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total 
deposits is: (a) less than 60%, then such rate is to be increased to 17%, (b) greater than or equal to 60% but less than 70%, 
then such rate is to be decreased to 5%, and (c) greater than or equal to 70%, then such rate is to be decreased to 3%. Pursuant 
to a further amendment on 25 June 2023 (with retroactive effect from 26 May 2023), the 10% requirement was decreased to 
5%; however, if the relevant bank’s ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total deposits is: (i) less than 57%, then such rate is to be 
increased to 12%, and (ii) greater than or equal to 70%, then such rate is to be decreased to 3%. 
On 20 August 2022 and 31 December 2022, the Central Bank amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities to: (a) require Turkish banks to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued 
by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 30% of the amount of the securities issued by entities (other than financial 
institutions) held by such banks, (b) replace the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement with a requirement to hold with 
the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 
30% of the amount of such Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding the loans previously excluded from 
the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement as noted above only if such loans are disbursed against expenditures) and 
(c) provide that if: 
(i) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) during 
each calculation period from 26 August 2022 to 25 November 2022 compared to the previous calculation period was 
higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated 
securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%, 
(ii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan (excluding such excluded loans) growth as of 
30 December 2022 compared to 29 July 2022 is higher than 10%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central 
Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the 
amount over such 10% minus the amount already held as required by clause (i), and 
(iii) a bank’s Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loan growth (excluding such excluded loans) 
during each calculation period from 27 January 2023 to 29 December 2023 compared to the previous calculation 
period was higher than 3%, then such bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to the amount over such 3%. 
Additionally, the 20 August 2022 amendment provides that, for commercial loans extended from 20 August 2022 until 
31 December 2022, a Turkish bank is required to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-denominated securities 
issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to: 
(A) 20% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded 
loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate from and including 1.4 times to but excluding 
1.8 times higher than the Central Bank-released annual compound reference rate (which reference rate is 10.31% for 
the period between 1 December 2022 and 31 December 2022), and 
(B) 90% of the amount of Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded 
loans) extended during such period at an annual compound interest rate of 1.8 times or more higher than such Central 
Bank-released annual compound reference rate. 
With respect to commercial loans extended from 31 December 2022, banks are required (based upon a calculation 
to be made on the last Friday of every month) until 29 December 2023 to hold with the Central Bank long-term Turkish Lira-
denominated securities issued by the Turkish government in an amount equal to 20% or 150% of the amount of Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans (excluding such excluded loans) extended during such month depending upon their 
annual compound interest rate (on 7 April 2023, the Central Bank further amended the Regulation on the Maintenance of 
Securities and increased such rate from 90% to 150% other than for banks having a ratio of Turkish Lira deposits to total 
deposits of greater than or equal to 70%). In May 2023, the Central Bank introduced new rules for credit growth for consumer 
loans, vehicle loans, SME loans and loans subject to the Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement, which rules provide 
that, if any of such loan types grows more than 3% per month, the applicable bank will be required to hold with the Central 
Bank long-term Turkish lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish Treasury in an amount equal to the excess of loans 
over the 3% growth rate.

--- Page 203 ---
184 
Also in August 2022, the Central Bank introduced new regulations to increase the share of Turkish Lira-denominated 
assets in the collateral system and to ensure the maintenance of additional required reserves for foreign currency deposits. 
Effective as of 2 September 2022, the collateral discount rate for CPI-indexed securities and assets subject to collateral in 
foreign currency and gold was gradually increased from 50% to 60% to 70% and the remuneration rate for Turkish Lira-
denominated required reserves was reduced to 0% from 8.5%. 
On 31 December 2022, as a provisional application to be applied from 27 January 2023 through 29 December 2023 
(based upon a calculation to be made on the last Friday of every month), the Central Bank required banks to hold the following 
additional reserves with the Central Bank: should there be an increase in the positive difference in the sum of a bank’s foreign 
currency deposits, participation funds and funds from foreign exchange-denominated repo transactions minus the amount of 
loans provided and the related required reserves, reserves in the amount of such increase must be held using long-term Turkish 
Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government. 
On 7 April 2023, as a provisional measure to be applied through 29 September 2023, the Central Bank required each 
Turkish bank to hold additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government if (based upon a 
calculation to be made as of the last Friday of every month or, if such day is not a business day, the preceding business day) 
the conversion rate (compared to 31 March 2023) from foreign currency deposits/participation funds to Turkish Lira 
deposits/participation funds (as calculated for real and legal persons separately) is less than certain percentages, in which 
event such bank will be required to maintain additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish 
government. 
On 17 May 2023, as a provisional measure, the Central Bank required each Turkish bank to hold (for a six month 
period) additional Turkish Lira-denominated securities issued by the Turkish government (based upon a calculation to be 
made as of the last Friday of May, June and July 2023) if the additional conversion rate (i.e., the conversions made in addition 
to the mandatory conversion rates referenced in the preceding paragraph) from foreign currency deposits/participation funds 
to Turkish Lira deposits/participation funds (as calculated for real persons only) is less than 10% per monthly calculation 
period until 28 July 2023 and also if less than 30% from 28 July 2023; however, this provision does not apply to banks whose 
deposit/participation fund size in foreign currency is below an amount determined by the Central Bank from time to time. 
On 26 May 2023, the BRSA published the Regulation on the Net Stable Funding Ratio Calculations of Banks to 
align the Turkish regulatory capital regime with Basel III requirements that seeks to strengthen the liquidity of banks. Pursuant 
to this new regulation, starting as of 1 January 2024, the three-month arithmetic mean of a bank’s consolidated and non-
consolidated net stable funding ratios (calculated on a monthly basis) shall not be less than 100%. The BRSA shall also 
announce a minimum rate for the banks’ consolidated and non-consolidated net stable funding ratios (as calculated monthly) 
and if either the consolidated or non-consolidated net stable funding ratio of a bank falls below such minimum requirement, 
then such bank must resolve this discrepancy by the next calculation period. 
On 25 June 2023, as a provisional measure effective from 28 June 2023 until 29 September 2023, the Central Bank 
adopted a measure requiring each Turkish bank to hold securities equal to twice the amount of the deficient portion if the 
conversion rate from foreign currency deposits/participation funds to Turkish Lira deposits/participation accounts is less than 
10%; however, this provision does not apply to banks for which the foreign currency deposit/participation fund size is below 
an amount determined by the Central Bank from time to time. 
Foreign Exchange Requirements 
According to the Regulation on Foreign Exchange Net Position/Capital Base issued by the BRSA and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006 (and amendments thereto effective as of 9 January 2023), for both 
the bank-only and consolidated financial statements, the weekly arithmetic mean of the ratio of a bank’s foreign exchange net 
position to its capital base should not exceed (+/-) 10%, which calculation is required to be made on a weekly basis for 
unconsolidated and monthly basis for consolidated financial statements. The net foreign exchange position is the difference 
between the Turkish Lira equivalent of a bank’s foreign exchange assets and its foreign exchange liabilities. For the purpose 
of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange assets include all active foreign exchange accounts held by 
a bank (including its foreign branches), its foreign exchange-indexed assets and its subscribed forward foreign exchange 
purchases; and for purposes of computing the net foreign exchange position, foreign exchange liabilities include all passive 
foreign exchange accounts held by a bank (including its foreign branches), its subscribed foreign exchange-indexed liabilities 
and its subscribed forward foreign exchange sales. In addition, a bank must include any general and special provisions it has 
set aside pursuant to the Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation for the calculation of the standard ratio of its 
foreign exchange net position to its capital base. If such ratio exceeds (+/-) 10%, then the bank is required to take steps to

--- Page 204 ---
185 
move back into compliance within two weeks following the bank’s calculation period. Banks are permitted to exceed this 
ratio up to six times per calendar year. 
Audit of Banks 
According to Article 24 of the Banking Law, a bank’s board of directors is required to establish audit committees 
for the execution of the audit and monitoring functions of the board of directors. The duties and responsibilities of the audit 
committee include: (a) the supervision of the efficiency and adequacy of the bank’s internal control, risk management and 
internal audit systems, (b) the functioning of these systems and accounting and reporting systems within the framework of 
the Banking Law and other relevant legislation, (c) the integrity of the information produced by such systems, (d) conducting 
the necessary preliminary evaluations for the selection of independent audit firms by the board of directors, (e) regularly 
monitoring the activities of independent audit firms selected by the board of directors and (f) in the case of holding companies 
covered by the Banking Law, ensuring that the internal audit functions of the institutions that are subject to consolidation 
operate in a coordinated manner. 
Banks are required to select an independent audit firm in accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation. 
Independent auditors are held liable for damages and losses to third parties and are subject to stricter reporting obligations. 
Professional liability insurance is required for: (a) independent auditors and (b) evaluators, rating agencies and certain other 
support services (if requested by the service-acquiring bank or required by the BRSA). Furthermore, banks are required to 
consolidate their financial statements on a quarterly basis in accordance with certain consolidation principles established by 
the BRSA. The year-end consolidated financial statements are required to be audited whereas interim consolidated financial 
statements are subject to only a review by independent audit firms. 
Pursuant to the Regulation regarding the Internal Systems and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process of 
Banks, as issued by the BRSA and published in the Official Gazette No. 29057 dated 11 July 2014 (the “ICAAP Regulation”), 
banks are obligated to establish, manage and develop (for themselves and all of their consolidated financial subsidiaries) 
internal audit, internal control and risk management systems commensurate with the scope and structure of their activities, in 
compliance with the provisions of such regulation. The ICAAP Regulation also requires banks to conduct an “internal capital 
adequacy assessment process” (“ICAAP”), which is an internal process whereby banks calculate the amount of capital required 
to cover the risks to which they are or may be exposed on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis and with a forward-
looking perspective, taking into account their near- and medium-term business and strategic plans. In this context, each bank 
is required to prepare an internal capital adequacy assessment process report (the “ICAAP Report”) representing the bank’s 
own assessment of its capital and liquidity requirements. The ICAAP Regulation established standards as to principles of 
internal control, internal audit and risk management systems and an ICAAP in order to bring such regulations into compliance 
with Basel II requirements. 
In 2015 and 2016, the BRSA issued certain amendments to the ICAAP Regulation to align the Turkish regulatory 
capital regime with Basel III requirements. These amendments relating to internal systems and internal capital adequacy ratios 
entered into force on 20 January 2016 and the other amendments entered into force on 31 March 2016. These amendments 
impose new regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness of internal risk management and internal capital adequacy 
assessments by introducing, among other things, new stress test requirements. Accordingly, the board of directors and senior 
management of a bank are required to ensure that a bank has established appropriate risk management systems and that it 
applies an ICAAP such that the bank has adequate capital to meet the risks incurred by it. The ICAAP Report is required to 
be audited by either the internal audit department or an independent audit firm in accordance with the internal audit procedures 
of a bank. 
All banks (public and private) also undergo annual audits and interim reviews by certified bank auditors who have 
the authority to audit banks on behalf of the BRSA, which audits encompass all aspects of a bank’s operations, its financial 
statements, other matters affecting the bank’s financial position and the bank’s compliance with law. The Central Bank has 
the right to monitor compliance by banks with the Central Bank’s regulations through on-site and off-site examinations. 
In 2015, the BRSA amended the Regulation on Principles and Procedures of Audits to expand the scope of the audit 
of banks in compliance with the ICAAP Regulation. According to this regulation, the BRSA monitors banks’ compliance 
with the regulations relating to the maintenance of capital and liquidity adequacy for risks incurred or to be incurred by banks 
and the adequacy and efficiency of banks’ internal audit systems.

--- Page 205 ---
186 
The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (SDIF) 
The SDIF is a public legal entity set up to insure savings deposits held with banks and (along with all other Turkish 
banks) the Bank is subject to its regulations. The SDIF is responsible for and authorised to take measures for restructuring, 
transfers to third parties and strengthening the financial structures of banks, the shares of which and/or the management and 
control of which have been transferred to the SDIF in accordance with Article 71 of the Banking Law, as well as other duties 
imposed on it. 
(a) Insurance of Deposits. Pursuant to Article 63 of the Banking Law: (a) funds in checking accounts that 
are owned by commercial entities (which accounts are used solely for the payment of checks) and (b) funds in savings 
deposit accounts owned by natural persons are insured by the SDIF. Effective as of 28 August 2022, all deposit and 
participation funds except those owned by official institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions are insured 
by the SDIF. The scope and amount of deposit and participation funds subject to the insurance are determined by the 
SDIF upon the approval of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury. The tariff of the insurance 
premium, the time and method of collection of this premium, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve 
(effective as of 28 August 2022) and other relevant matters are determined by the SDIF upon the approval of the 
BRSA. Since 1 January 2023, an amount of up to TL 400,000 of a depositor’s deposit account benefits from the 
SDIF insurance guarantee. 
(b) Power to require Advances from Banks. Provided that BRSA consent is received, the banks may be 
required by the SDIF to make advances of up to the total insurance premiums paid by them in the previous year to 
be set-off against their future premium obligations. The decision regarding such advances shall also indicate the 
interest rate applicable thereto. 
(c) Contribution of the Central Bank. If the SDIF’s resources prove insufficient due to extraordinary 
circumstances, then the Central Bank will, on request, provide the SDIF with an advance. The terms, amounts, 
repayment conditions, interest rates and other conditions of the advance will be determined by the Central Bank upon 
consultation with the SDIF. 
(d) Premiums as an Expense Item. Premiums paid by a bank into the SDIF are to be treated as an expense 
in the calculation of that bank’s corporate tax. 
(e) Liquidation. In the event of the bankruptcy or (effective as of 28 August 2022) liquidity of a bank, the 
SDIF is a privileged creditor and may liquidate the bank under the provisions of the Execution and Bankruptcy Law 
No. 2004, exercising the duties and powers of the bankruptcy office and creditors’ meeting and the bankruptcy 
administration. 
(f) Claims. In the event of the bankruptcy of a bank, holders of savings deposits will have a privileged claim 
in respect of the part of their deposit that is not covered by the SDIF’s insurance. 
The main powers and duties of the SDIF pursuant to the SDIF regulation published in the Official Gazette No. 31901 
dated 23 July 2022, are as follows: 
(a) becoming members of international financial, economic and professional organisations in which 
domestic and foreign equivalent agencies participate, and signing memoranda of understanding with the authorised 
bodies of foreign countries regarding the matters that fall within the SDIF’s span of duty, 
(b) insuring all deposits and participation accounts in the credit institutions except the accounts of official 
institutions, credit institutions and financial institutions, 
(c) determining the scope and amount of the deposit and participation accounts that are subject to insurance 
with the opinion of the Central Bank, the BRSA and the Turkish Treasury, and the risk-based insurance premia 
timetable, collection time and form, minimum target level of deposit insurance reserve and other related issues in 
cooperation with the BRSA, 
(d) determining the procedures and principles regarding the establishment, operation and supervision of the 
system to be established by the credit institutions as a basis for the calculation, follow-up, verification and payment 
of the insured deposit and participation funds, in cooperation with the BRSA,

--- Page 206 ---
187 
(e) paying (directly or through another bank) the insured deposits and participation accounts in the credit 
institutions whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA from deposit insurance reserves, 
(f) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the transfer, sale and merger of the banks whose shareholder 
rights (except to dividends) and management and supervision have been transferred to the SDIF by the BRSA, with 
the condition that the losses of the shareholders are reduced from the capital,  
(g) taking management and control of the banks whose banking licence has been revoked by the BRSA and 
fulfilling the necessary operations regarding the bankruptcy and liquidation of such banks, 
(h) fulfilling the necessary operations regarding liquidation of the savings finance institutions whose 
operation licence has been revoked by the BRSA, and 
(i) carrying out activities required for the management, sale and liquidation of partnership shares and assets 
of the companies whose powers have been transferred to the SDIF or to which the SDIF has been appointed as a 
trustee. 
Cancellation of Banking Licence 
If the results of an audit show that a bank’s financial structure has seriously weakened, then the BRSA may require 
the bank’s board of directors to take measures to strengthen its financial position. Pursuant to the Banking Law, in the event 
that the BRSA in its sole discretion determines that: 
(a) the assets of a bank are insufficient or are likely to become insufficient to cover its obligations as they 
become due or the bank is not complying with liquidity requirements, 
(b) the bank’s profitability is not sufficient to conduct its business in a secure manner due to disturbances 
in the relation and balance between expenses and profit, 
(c) the regulatory equity capital of such bank is not sufficient or is likely to become insufficient, 
(d) the quality of the assets of such bank have been impaired in a manner potentially weakening its financial 
structure, 
(e) the decisions, transactions or applications of such bank are in breach of the Banking Law, relevant 
regulations or the decisions of the BRSA, 
(f) such bank does not establish internal audit, supervision and risk management systems or to effectively 
and sufficiently conduct such systems or any factor impedes the audit of such systems, 
(g) imprudent acts of such bank’s management materially increase the risks stipulated under the Banking 
Law and relevant legislation or potentially weaken the bank’s financial structure, or 
(h) for D-SIBs, the precautions under the precaution plan described below are not implemented promptly, 
such precautions are unable to cure the applicable weakness or it is determined that such weakness cannot be cured 
even if such precautions were implemented, 
then the BRSA may require the board of directors of such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in 
clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h), to: 
(A) increase such bank’s equity capital, 
(B) not permit such bank to distribute dividends for a temporary period to be determined by the BRSA and 
to transfer its distributable dividend to the reserve fund, 
(C) increase such bank’s loan provisions, 
(D) stop such bank’s extension of loans to its shareholders,

--- Page 207 ---
188 
(E) dispose of such bank’s assets in order to strengthen its liquidity, 
(F) limit or stop such bank’s new investments, 
(G) limit such bank’s salary and other payments, and/or 
(H) cease such bank’s long-term investments, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g), to: 
(A) cause such bank to comply with the relevant banking legislation, 
(B) cease such bank’s risky transactions by re-evaluating such bank’s credit policy, and/or 
(C) causing such bank to take all actions to decrease any maturity, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
for a period determined by the BRSA and in accordance with a plan approved by the BRSA. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) that it 
may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, its financial 
structure cannot be strengthened despite the fact that such actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such 
actions will not lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank: (i) in the event of the occurrence of an 
event described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (h) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) strengthen its financial structure, increase its liquidity and/or increase its capital adequacy, 
(B) dispose of its fixed assets and long-term assets within a reasonable time determined by the BRSA, 
(C) decrease its operational and management costs, 
(D) postpone its payments under any name whatsoever, excluding the regular payments to be made to its 
employees, and/or 
(E) limit or prohibit extension of any cash or non-cash loans to certain third persons, legal entities, risk 
groups or sectors, and 
(ii) in the event of the occurrence of an event described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the preceding paragraph, to: 
(A) convene an extraordinary general assembly in order to change some or all of the members of the board 
of directors or assign new member(s) to the board of directors, in the event any board member is responsible for a 
failure to comply with relevant legislation, a failure to establish efficient and sufficient operation of internal audit, 
internal control and risk management systems or non-operation of these systems efficiently or there is a factor that 
impedes supervision or such member(s) of the board of directors cause(s) to increase risks significantly as stipulated 
above, and/or 
(B) implement short-, medium- or long-term plans and projections that are approved by the BRSA to 
decrease the risks incurred by the bank and the members of the board of directors and the shareholders with qualified 
shares must undertake the implementation of such plan in writing. 
The BRSA may also take any other action in relation to the occurrence of an event described in clauses (a) through (h) of the 
preceding paragraph that it may deem necessary. 
In the event that the aforementioned actions are not taken (in whole or in part) by the applicable bank, the problem 
cannot be solved despite the fact that the actions have been taken or the BRSA determines that taking such actions will not 
lead to a favourable result, then the BRSA may require such bank to: 
(a) limit or cease its business or the business of the whole organisation, including its relations with its local 
or foreign branches and correspondents, for a temporary period,

--- Page 208 ---
189 
(b) apply various restrictions, including restrictions on the interest rate and maturity with respect to resource 
collection and utilisation, 
(c) remove from office (in whole or in part) some or all of its members of the board of directors, general 
manager and deputy general managers and the relevant department and branch managers and obtain approval from 
the BRSA as to the persons to be appointed to replace them, 
(d) make available long-term loans; provided that these will not exceed the amount of deposit or 
participation accounts subject to insurance, and be secured by the shares or other assets of the controlling 
shareholders, 
(e) limit or cease its non-performing operations and to dispose of its non-performing assets, 
(f) merge with one or more other interested bank(s), 
(g) provide new shareholders in order to increase its equity capital, 
(h) deduct any resulting losses from its own funds, and/or 
(i) take any other action that the BRSA may deem necessary. 
In the event that: (a) the aforementioned actions are not (in whole or in part) taken by the applicable bank within a 
period of time set forth by the BRSA or in any case within 12 months, (b) the financial structure of such bank cannot be 
strengthened despite its having taken such actions, (c) it is determined that taking these actions will not lead to the 
strengthening of the bank’s financial structure, (d) the continuation of the activities of such bank would jeopardise the rights 
of the depositors and the participation account owners and the security and stability of the financial system, (e) such bank 
cannot cover its liabilities as they become due, (f) the total amount of the liabilities of such bank exceeds the total amount of 
its assets or (g) the controlling shareholders or directors of such bank are found to have utilised such bank’s resources for 
their own interests, directly or indirectly or fraudulently, in a manner that jeopardised the secure functioning of the bank or 
caused such bank to sustain a loss as a result of such misuse, then the BRSA, with the affirmative vote of at least five of its 
board members, may revoke the licence of such bank to engage in banking operations and/or to accept deposits and transfer 
the management, supervision and control of the shareholding rights (excluding dividends) of such bank to the SDIF for the 
purpose of whole or partial transfer or sale of such bank to third persons or the merger thereof; provided that any loss is 
deducted from the share capital of current shareholders. 
In order for the advance identification of the appropriate response measures to be taken in case of the occurrence of 
any events (or probability of the occurrence of any events) that might weaken their financial structures, banks that are 
classified by the BRSA as systemically important banks (i.e., as D-SIBs) must create prevention plans and submit those to 
the BRSA. In the case of any determination of the occurrence of any such events (or probability of the occurrence of any such 
events) with respect to such a bank (on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis), such bank must implement the precautions 
indicated in their prevention plan and notify the BRSA of such circumstances and the BRSA may impose the implementation 
of such precautions. 
Any and all execution and bankruptcy proceedings (including preliminary injunction) against a bank whose license 
is revoked would be discontinued as from the date on which the BRSA’s decision to revoke such bank’s licence is published 
in the Official Gazette. From the date of revocation of such bank’s licence, the creditors of such bank may not assign their 
rights or take any action that could lead to assignment of their rights. The SDIF must take measures for the protection of the 
rights of depositors and other creditors of such bank. The SDIF is required to pay the insured deposits of such bank either by 
itself or through another bank it may designate. The SDIF is required to institute bankruptcy proceedings in the name of 
depositors against a bank whose banking licence is revoked. 
Annual Reporting 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, Turkish banks are required to follow the BRSA’s principles and procedures (which 
are established in consultation with the Turkish Accounting Standards Board and international standards) when preparing 
their annual reports. Turkish listed companies must also comply with the Communiqué on Principles of Financial Reporting 
in Capital Markets issued by the CMB. In addition, they must ensure uniformity in their accounting systems, correctly record 
all their transactions and prepare timely and accurate financial reports in a format that is clear, reliable and comparable as 
well as suitable for auditing, analysis and interpretation.

--- Page 209 ---
190 
Furthermore, Turkish companies (including banks) are required to comply with the Regulation regarding 
Determination of the Minimum Content of the Companies’ Annual Reports published by the Ministry of Customs and Trade, 
as well as the Corporate Governance Communiqué, when preparing their annual reports. These reports are required to include 
the following information: management and organisation structures, human resources, activities, financial situation, 
assessment of management and expectations and a summary of the directors’ report and independent auditor’s report. 
A bank cannot settle its balance sheets without ensuring reconciliation with the legal and auxiliary books and records 
of its branches and domestic and foreign correspondents. 
The BRSA is authorised to take necessary measures where it is determined that a bank’s financial statements have 
been misrepresented. 
Pursuant to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Concerning the Preparation of Annual Reports by Banks 
published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, the chairman of the board, audit committee, general 
manager, deputy general manager responsible for financial reporting and the relevant unit manager (or equivalent authorities) 
must sign the reports indicating their full names and titles and declare that the financial statements comply with relevant 
legislation and accounting records. 
Independent auditors must perform an audit of, and provide an opinion on, the annual financial statements prepared 
by the banks. 
Banks are required to submit their financial statements to related authorities and publish them in accordance with 
the BRSA’s principles and procedures. 
According to BRSA regulations, the annual report is subject to the approval of the board of directors and must be 
submitted to shareholders at least 15 days before the annual general assembly of the bank. Banks also must submit an 
electronic copy of their annual reports to the BRSA within seven days following the publication of the reports. Banks must 
publish a copy of such reports on their websites by the end of May following the end of the relevant fiscal year. 
Amendments to the Regulation on the Principles and Procedures Regarding the Preparation of Annual Reports by 
Banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016, require annual and interim financial statements of banks to include 
explanations regarding their risk management in line with the Regulation on Risk Management to be Disclosed to the Public. 
Disclosure of Financial Statements 
The BRSA published amendments (which entered into force on 31 March 2016) to the Communiqué on Financial 
Statements to be Disclosed to the Public setting forth principles of disclosure of annotated financial statements of banks in 
accordance with the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks and the Equity Regulation. 
The amendments reflect the updated requirements relating to information to be disclosed to the public in line with the 
amendments to the calculation of risk-weighted assets and their implications for capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage 
ratios and leverage ratios. Rules relating to equity items presented in the financial statements were also amended in line with 
the amendments to the Equity Regulation. Additionally, banks are required to make necessary disclosures on their websites 
immediately upon repayment of a debt instrument, depreciation or conversion of a share certificate or occurrence of any other 
material change. 
In addition, the BRSA published the Communiqué on Public Disclosure regarding Risk Management of Banks, 
which expands the scope of public disclosure to be made in relation to risk management (which entered into force on 31 March 
2016) in line with the disclosure requirements of the Basel Committee. According to this regulation, each bank is required to 
announce information regarding their consolidated and/or unconsolidated risk management related to risks arising from or in 
connection with securitisation, counterparty, credit, market and its operations in line with the standards and procedures 
specified in this regulation. Each bank is also required to form policies approved by its board of directors regarding internal 
audit and control processes relating to risk management. 
On 15 September 2018, the Ministry of Commerce issued a communiqué that sets forth the procedures and principles 
relating to the application of Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code, which article regulates the measures that Turkish 
companies (i.e., joint stock companies, limited liability companies and limited partnerships, in which the capital is divided 
into shares, including financial institutions) are required to adopt in case of loss of capital or insolvency. This new 
communiqué aims to clarify and complement the remedial actions that can be taken in relation to the treatment of foreign 
exchange losses in the calculation of the loss of capital or insolvency. As companies in Türkiye prepare their financial

--- Page 210 ---
191 
statements in Turkish Lira, the value of any foreign currency-denominated asset and liability is converted into Turkish Lira 
based upon the currency rate applicable as of the date of such financial statements; however, until 1 January 2024, the 
communiqué allows companies to disregard any losses arising from the exchange rate volatility of any outstanding foreign 
currency-denominated liability while making any capital loss or insolvency calculations. As such, companies will not be 
required to apply any measures set forth in Article 376 of the Turkish Commercial Code to maintain their capital if the relevant 
loss of capital or insolvency arises from currency fluctuations. 
Financial Services Fee 
Pursuant to Heading XI of Tariff No. 8 attached to the Law on Fees (Law No. 492) amended by the Law No. 5951, 
banks are required to pay to the relevant tax office to which their head office reports an annual financial services fee for each 
of their branches. The amount of the fee is determined in accordance with the population of the district in which the relevant 
branch is located. 
Corporate Governance Principles 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides certain mandatory and non-mandatory corporate governance 
principles as well as rules regarding related-party transactions and a company’s investor relations department. Some 
provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué are applicable to all companies incorporated in Türkiye and listed on 
the Borsa İstanbul, whereas some others are applicable solely to companies whose shares are traded in certain markets of the 
Borsa İstanbul. The Corporate Governance Communiqué provides specific exemptions and/or rules applicable to banks that 
are traded on the Borsa İstanbul. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is subject to the corporate governance principles stated in the banking 
regulations and the regulations for capital markets that are applicable to banks. The Bank is required to state in its annual 
activity report whether it is in compliance with the principles applicable to it under the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
In case of any non-compliance, explanations regarding such non-compliance are also required to be included in such report. 
Should the Bank fail to comply with any mandatory obligations, then it may be subject to sanctions from the CMB. In its 
latest annual report before the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank stated that it was in compliance with the mandatory 
principles of the Corporate Governance Communiqué. 
The Corporate Governance Communiqué contains principles relating to: (a) companies’ shareholders and other 
stakeholders, (b) public disclosure and transparency and (c) boards of directors. A number of principles are compulsory, while 
the remaining principles apply on a “comply or explain” basis. The Corporate Governance Communiqué classifies listed 
companies into three categories according to their market capitalisation and the market value of their free-float shares, subject 
to recalculation on an annual basis. The Bank is classified as a “1st Group” company. 
The mandatory principles under the Corporate Governance Communiqué include provisions relating to: (a) the 
composition of the board of directors, (b) appointment of independent board members, (c) board committees, (d) specific 
corporate approval requirements for related party transactions, transactions that may result in a conflict of interest and certain 
other transactions deemed material by the Corporate Governance Communiqué and (e) information rights in connection with 
general assembly meetings. According to the Corporate Governance Communiqué, banks may, taking into account the size 
of their operations and type of their structures, determine their corporate governance principles based upon those stated in the 
Corporate Governance Communiqué provided that they comply with the principles and procedures set out in the Banking 
Law and the provisions of other regulations entered into effect in accordance therewith. 
Listed companies are required to have independent board members, who should meet the mandatory qualifications 
required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. Independent board members 
should constitute at least one-third of the board of directors and should not be fewer than two; however, publicly traded banks 
are required to appoint at least three independent board members to their board of directors, which directors may be selected 
from the members of the bank’s audit committee, in which case the mandatory qualifications required for independent 
members are not applicable; provided that when all independent board members are selected from the audit committee, at 
least one member should meet the mandatory qualification required for independent board members as set out in the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué. The Corporate Governance Communiqué further initiated a pre-assessment system to determine 
the “independency” of individuals nominated as independent board members in “1st Group” companies (for banks, to the 
extent such independent board members are not members of that bank’s audit committee). Those nominated for such positions 
must be evaluated by the “Corporate Governance Committee” or the “Nomination Committee,” if any, of the board of 
directors for fulfilling the applicable criteria stated in the Corporate Governance Communiqué. The board of directors is 
required to prepare a list of nominees based upon this evaluation for final review by the CMB, which is authorised to issue a

--- Page 211 ---
192 
“negative view” on any nominee and prevent their appointment as independent members of the board of directors. The 
Corporate Governance Communiqué also requires listed companies to establish certain other board committees; however, 
banks are exempt from this requirement for the audit committee, early detection of risk committee and remuneration 
committee. 
In addition to the mandatory principles regarding the composition of the board and the independent board members, 
the Corporate Governance Communiqué introduced specific corporate approval requirements for all material related party 
transactions. All those types of transactions shall be approved by the majority of the independent board members. If not, then 
they shall be brought to the general assembly meeting where related parties to those transactions are not allowed to vote. 
Meeting quorum shall not be sought for these resolutions and the resolution quorum is the simple majority of the attendees 
who may vote. For banks and financial institutions, transactions with related parties arising from their ordinary activities are 
not subject to the requirements of related party transactions. 
The Capital Markets Law authorises the CMB to require listed companies to comply with the corporate governance 
principles in whole or in part and to take certain measures with a view to monitor compliance with the new principles, which 
include requesting injunctions from the court or filing lawsuits to determine or to revoke any unlawful transactions or actions 
that contradict with these principles. 
In addition to the provisions of the Corporate Governance Communiqué related to the remuneration policy of banks, 
the BRSA published a guideline on good pricing practices in banks, which entered into force on 31 March 2016. This guideline 
sets out the general principles for employee remuneration as well as standards for remuneration to be made to the board of 
directors and senior management of banks. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is in compliance with the mandatory principles under the Corporate 
Governance Communiqué, as well as with applicable requirements for having independent directors. 
On 2 October 2020, the CMB amended the Corporate Governance Communiqué to provide that publicly held 
companies that are subject to the corporate governance principles are also to be subject to the principles specified in the 
Sustainability Principles Compliance Framework (in Turkish: Sürdürülebilirlik İlkeleri Uyum Çerçevesi), which seeks to 
increase Turkish companies’ attention to environmental, social and corporate governance principles and thereby enhance their 
attractiveness to international investors. Although the application of such principles is voluntary for publicly held companies, 
companies are required to state in their annual activity report whether they adhere to the principles (i.e., “comply or explain”). 
Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-Bribery Policies 
Please see “The Group and its Business – Anti-Money Laundering, Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Anti-
Bribery Policies.” 
Consumer Loan, Provisioning and Credit Card Regulations 
On 8 October 2013, the BRSA published regulations that aim to limit the expansion of individual loans and payments 
(especially credit card instalments). The rules: (a) include overdrafts on deposit accounts and loans on credit cards in the 
category of consumer loans for purposes of provisioning requirements, (b) set a limit for credit cards issued to consumers 
who apply for a credit card for the first time if their income cannot be determined by the bank, (c) require credit card issuers 
to monitor cardholders’ income levels before each limit increase of the credit card and (d) increase the minimum monthly 
payment required to be made by cardholders. The Central Bank also adjusts from time to time the monthly cap on individual 
and commercial credit card interest rates and the commission rates that can be applied by banks for their “acquisition” of 
vouchers from merchants, any of which changes might make the related business less profitable (or even unprofitable). In 
addition, pursuant to the Banking Law, the Central Bank is empowered to determine the maximum interest rates for lending 
and deposit-taking activities of banks, as well as any fees, expenses and commissions charged by them. 
Loan Transactions 
On 31 December 2013, the BRSA adopted rules on loan-to-value and instalments of certain types of loans and, on 
27 September 2016, the BRSA made certain amendments to such rules. Pursuant to these rules, the minimum loan-to-value 
requirement for housing loans extended to consumers, financial lease transactions for housing and loans (except auto loans) 
secured by houses is 80% (which was 75% before such amendments), with exceptions for houses that have an energy 
identification document within the scope of the Energy Efficiency Law No. 5627, for which a higher loan-to-value percentage 
is applicable. On 19 March 2020, the BRSA (as part of the measures taken against the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic)

--- Page 212 ---
193 
published a resolution that increased such loan-to-value requirement to 90% for houses worth TL 500,000 or less; provided 
that such loans are made to consumers and are not used for the purchase of autos. On 23 June 2022 and 24 February 2023, 
the BRSA imposed different loan-to-value requirements for housing loans utilised for new and existing homes, again with 
respect to a house’s sales value and energy efficiencies. In addition, the Regulation on Loan Transactions of Banks sets 
maximum loan-to-value ratios for auto loans extended to consumers, loans secured by autos and autos leased under financial 
lease transactions, the loan-to-value limit for which varies depending upon the sales price of the applicable vehicle. 
On 16 September 2021, the BRSA reduced the overall maturity limit for general purpose loans from 36 months to 
24 months for loans over TL 50,000. The BRSA also provided that general purpose loans granted before such date can be 
restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, if requested by the borrower even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
According to the regulations announced by the BRSA, the total amount of general purpose loans that have more than 24 
months maturity and that have been granted after such date must be limited to TL 50,000 per customer and each bank is 
required to monitor this limit for its own customers. On 9 June 2022, the BRSA further reduced the maturity limit for general 
purpose loans from 24 months to 12 months for loans over TL 100,000; however, the BRSA also provided that general purpose 
loans granted before 16 September 2021 can be restructured, for a maximum of 36 months, and general purpose loans granted 
between 16 September 2021 and 9 June 2022 can be restructured, for a maximum of 24 months, if requested by the borrower 
even if their debt balances are over TL 50,000. 
Due to two large earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş on 6 February 2023 that affected 10 different cities, on 7 and 
10 February 2023, the BRSA announced (inter alia) the following provisional measures to be applied until 1 January 2024 
regarding loan transactions of natural and legal persons located in the affected cities (and on 23 February 2023, the BRSA 
extended such provisional measures to other regions that satisfy certain criteria to be considered disaster areas): 
 
banks may determine grace periods and/or maturities of retail loans that are newly provided or restructured, 
 
the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be applied, 
 
subject to the request of a borrower, such borrower’s principal and interest payments shall be delayed for 
at least six months; however, whether or not requested by a borrower, so long as no interest/profit share is 
to be paid by such borrower as a result of such postponement, then such payments shall be delayed for at 
least six months, and 
 
in the case of the delay of principal and interest payments for vehicle and retail loans upon the request of 
the borrower, the maturity thresholds determined under the Regulation on Loan Transactions shall not be 
applied. 
Caps on Fees, Commissions and POS Commission Rates 
The BRSA and Central Bank have issued various laws in late 2019 and early 2020 that impose limitations on certain 
fees and commissions that Turkish banks may charge to customers. On 16 October 2019, the Central Bank introduced an 
amendment to cap the commission rates applied by banks in their “point of sale” (POS) business. The Central Bank then 
issued the Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates and Participation Accounts Profit and Loss Participation Rates 
(the “Communiqué on Deposit and Loan Interest Rates”) and the Communiqué on Procedures and Principles of Fees to be 
Collected by Banks from Commercial Customers (the “Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees”), both of which became 
effective as of 1 March 2020 (for the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, most of the provisions relating to fees 
became effective as of 1 April 2020) and impose certain such limitations. Pursuant to these communiqués, the caps on POS 
commission rates for purchases of goods and service were subjected to revision by reference to a monthly reference rate 
determined by the Central Bank plus a fixed rate set out under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees, which rates 
are adjusted by taking into account the number of days between the day of a purchase transaction and the day on which the 
amount from such purchase is transferred by the applicable bank to the applicable merchant. In August 2021, the Central 
Bank (though increasing the fees that can be charged for ATM usage and commissions that can be collected from the use of 
POS systems) introduced further limits. 
The Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees further sets out standardised fees and caps that are to be charged 
to commercial customers depending upon the category of the applicable product and service. Turkish banks are required to 
apply to the Central Bank to charge any fees or commissions to commercial customers other than those listed under the 
Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees. These limits include (inter alia) limits on fees for electronic funds transfers, 
credit allocation fees, credit underwriting fees and prepayment fees. Banks also are required to accept a commercial

--- Page 213 ---
194 
customer’s request for prepayment of all of such customer’s credit debt (for which prepayment the bank may charge a 
prepayment fee subject to certain limitations under the Communiqué on Commercial Customer Fees). 
Foreign Currency Restrictions 
F/X Loan Restriction. Decree 32 and the Capital Movements Circular of the Central Bank (the “Capital Movements 
Circular”) were amended, effective as of 2 May 2018, in order to introduce restrictions on Turkish resident legal entities 
utilising foreign currency loans. While this regime maintained the previous prohibition on Turkish individuals utilising foreign 
exchange loans and foreign exchange-indexed loans, it introduced a strict prohibition on Turkish resident non-bank legal 
entities (each a “Corporate Borrower”) utilising foreign currency-indexed loans, imposed restrictions on Corporate Borrowers 
utilising foreign currency loans (the “F/X Loan Restriction”) and provided exemptions relating to a borrower’s foreign 
currency income (the “F/X Income Exemption”) and foreign currency activities (the “Activity Exemption”) and based upon 
the unpaid outstanding balance of a borrower’s total foreign currency loans (the “Loan Balance”). 
As far as the F/X Income Exemption is concerned, if the Loan Balance of a Corporate Borrower is below US$15 
million, then the sum of the foreign currency loans to be utilised and the existing Loan Balance must not be more than the 
combined value of such Corporate Borrower’s foreign currency income as stated in its financial statements for the last three 
fiscal years. Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are required to control whether a Corporate Borrower complies with 
this rule. In case of any non-compliance with the F/X Loan Restriction rules, Turkish-resident financial institution lenders are 
required either to cancel or convert into Turkish Lira the portion of the foreign currency loans to such Corporate Borrower 
that exceeds this value within 10 business days after the date of determination. The cancelled or converted portion of the 
relevant loans are then deducted from the credit balance of such Corporate Borrower. In case of a breach of this obligation, 
an administrative monetary fine might be imposed. 
In respect of the Activity Exemption, a legal entity must qualify as a public institution, bank, factoring, financial 
leasing or financing company resident in Türkiye in order to utilise foreign currency loans. In the case of Corporate Borrowers, 
the Activity Exemption must relate to an activity performed in the last three fiscal years in the context of, among others: (a) 
a domestic tender with an international element awarded to such Corporate Borrower, (b) defence industry projects approved 
by the Undersecretariat of Defence Industry, (c) public-private partnership projects or (d) an export, transit trade, sales and 
related deliveries subject to the relevant Corporate Borrower certifying the scope of its relevant activity and its potential 
sources of foreign currency incomes (muhtemel döviz geliri). Additionally, loans within the scope of an investment incentive 
certificate also benefit from the Activity Exemption; provided that a Corporate Borrower is required to declare whether any 
foreign currency loan has been previously utilised based upon the same investment incentive certificate and, if so, such 
statement must be accompanied with information on the utilisation date, total amount and intermediary bank. On 8 December 
2020, the Turkish Treasury extended the scope of the Activity Exemption by including foreign currency loans made to 
Turkish-resident legal entities that are shareholders of a Turkish-resident legal entity operating a project established as a 
public-private partnership if the proceeds of such loan are to be added to the capital of such operating company or are to be 
used in the project. On 8 July 2021, the Turkish Treasury limited the scope of the Activity Exemption for foreign currency 
loans for renewable energy generation projects and revised the rules such that both licensed generating plants initiating their 
operations after 1 July 2021 and certain unlicensed generating plants cannot benefit from the Activity Exemption. 
F/X Transaction Restriction. On 13 September 2018, Decree 32 was amended to impose restrictions on the use of, 
or indexing to, foreign currency in the following contracts executed between Persons residing in Türkiye: sale and purchase 
of movable and immovable property, leasing of all kinds of movable and immovable property (including vehicle and financial 
leasing), employment, service and construction contracts. According to such amendments, Turkish residents were required to 
amend any relevant contract so that the contract price and all other payment obligations thereunder were re-determined in 
Turkish Lira within a 30-day transition period (i.e., by 13 October 2018). On 6 October 2018 and 16 November 2018, the 
Turkish Treasury issued an amending communiqué that broadened the scope of, but provided certain exemptions to, these 
restrictions. Among other exemptions, capital market instruments (including any Notes issued directly to Turkish investors, 
subject to restrictions applicable to a resident of Türkiye on directly investing in Notes (or beneficial interests therein) issued 
outside of Türkiye – see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”) are exempt from these restrictions. Accordingly, the issuance, 
purchase and sale of capital market instruments in accordance with the Capital Markets Law may be denominated in, or 
indexed to, foreign currency. 
In August 2018, the BRSA capped Turkish banks’ exposure under swap, spot and forward transactions with non-
residents of Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are 
subject to consolidation) under which transactions the Turkish bank initially pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign currency 
and, at the maturity date, such bank pays foreign currency and receives Turkish Lira to 25% of a bank’s regulatory capital, 
then reduced this level to 10% in February 2020. On 12 April 2020, as part of the government’s efforts to contain the possible

--- Page 214 ---
195 
adverse effects on the Turkish economy of the global uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the BRSA issued 
a press release announcing that this level was reduced to 1%, which level was then returned to 10% on 25 September 2020. 
In the case of a bank exceeding this level, new transactions may not be executed or renewed until this level (which is calculated 
on a daily basis) is attained. In addition, written approval of the BRSA is required in case there needs to be a cancellation or 
extension of any of these derivatives transactions. 
On 18 December 2019, the BRSA announced that the total notional amount of a Turkish bank’s currency swaps, 
forwards, options and other similar products with non-residents in Türkiye (except transactions with such banks’ non-resident 
financial subsidiaries and other affiliates that are subject to consolidation) with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer 
where, at the maturity date, such bank pays Turkish Lira and receives foreign exchange shall not exceed 10% of such bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital. With its press release on 12 April 2020, the BRSA amended this threshold by 
announcing that transactions with a remaining maturity of seven days or fewer shall not exceed 1% of the applicable bank’s 
most recently calculated regulatory capital on any given calendar date, which threshold was then returned to 2% on 
25 September 2020 and then increased to 5% on 11 November 2020 (as of such date, a threshold of 10% is applied for 
transactions with a remaining maturity of 30 days or fewer and 30% for transactions with a remaining maturity of one year or 
less). 
Amendments to the Turkish Insolvency and Restructuring Regime 
The Enforcement and Bankruptcy Law No. 2004 prevents a contractual arrangement by which a contractual event 
of default clause is stipulated to be triggered in case any application is made by a Turkish company for debt restructuring 
upon settlement (uzlaşma yoluyla yeniden yapılandırma) within the scope of this law. In addition, changes were introduced 
to this law on 15 March 2018 that (inter alia) states that the contractual termination, default and acceleration clauses of an 
agreement cannot be triggered in case the debtor makes a concordat application and such application shall not constitute a 
breach of such agreement. 
On 15 August 2018, the BRSA published the Regulation on Restructuring of Debts in the Financial Sector (the 
“Restructuring Regulation”), which was amended on 21 November 2018 and 12 September 2019, with a view to regulate a 
financial restructuring opportunity for Turkish companies that have entered into loan transactions with: (a) Turkish banks, (b) 
financial lease, factoring and financing companies, (c) banks and financial institutions established outside Türkiye, (d) 
multilateral banks and institutions that directly invest in Türkiye, (e) special purpose companies established by the foregoing 
institutions for collection of receivables and/or (f) investment funds established as per the Capital Market Law (“Creditor 
Institutions”). The Restructuring Regulation sets forth the procedures and principles on financial restructuring framework 
agreement(s) (the “Framework Agreement”) to be executed amongst the Creditor Institutions. 
Accordingly, implementation of the restructuring for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other 
financial institutions for an outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million or more has been initiated with a framework 
published on the website of the Banks Association of Türkiye on 14 October 2019. On 8 November 2019, implementation of 
a restructuring regime for companies that are financially indebted against banks and other financial institutions for an 
outstanding principal amount of less than TL 25 million was published. On 16 July 2021, the Banks Association of Türkiye 
amended the framework agreement and increased the outstanding principal amount of TL 25 million to TL 100 million. As 
such, certain borrowers of the Bank might apply for restructuring of their debt. 
Credit Guarantee Fund 
The KGF was established pursuant to Decree No. 93/4496 dated 14 July 1993 in order to provide guarantees for 
SMEs and other enterprises, in particular, to those that are not able to obtain bank loans due to their insufficient collateral. In 
order to improve financing possibilities and contribute to the effective operation of the credit system, pursuant to provisional 
Article 20 of the Law regarding the Regulation of Public Financing and Debt Management (Law No. 4749) dated 28 March 
2002, resources up to TL 2 billion could be transferred by the Minister in charge of the Turkish Treasury to the credit guarantee 
institutions. Such amount was increased to TL 25 billion in accordance with the Law No. 6770 dated 18 January 2017. In 
addition, pursuant to Decree No. 2016/9538 on Treasury Support to be provided to the Credit Guarantee Institutions 
(published in the Official Gazette No. 29896 and dated 22 November 2016) (as amended), the KGF guarantees are supported 
by the Turkish Treasury. Pursuant to an amendment to such Decree that was published in the Official Gazette dated 30 March 
2020, the Turkish Development and Investment Bank was added among the eligible lenders and natural persons were 
explicitly added as eligible borrowers. On 30 March 2020, an additional TL 25 billion limit was allocated by the government 
under the KGF guarantee in order to address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing the amount 
available under the KGF programme to TL 185 billion, and the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was 
increased from TL 250 billion to TL 500 billion (along with increases in the guarantee limits with respect to individual

--- Page 215 ---
196 
borrower groups). On 13 August 2022, the total amount of guarantees that may be given by the KGF was increased from 
TL 500 billion to TL 1 trillion. Additional increases have been implemented that are tailored to specific sectors. 
Pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 162 published in the Official Gazette dated 11 October 2018, loans guaranteed 
by the Turkish Treasury under the KGF programme may be restructured up to 96 months for working capital loans and up to 
156 months for investment loans. Such Presidential Decree also requires lenders to provide an opportunity to borrowers to 
restructure their KGF-guaranteed loans prior to any recourse to the KGF guarantee. 
Turkish Lira Borrowing Restrictions 
On 24 June 2022, the BRSA introduced Turkish Lira borrowing restrictions for non-financial institution companies 
that are subject to independent audit. Pursuant to these restrictions, such companies may only borrow Turkish Lira-
denominated commercial cash loans from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies subject to 
various restrictions depending upon the amount of their foreign currency assets (including (inter alia) gold, foreign currency 
cash, foreign exchange deposits and foreign currency-denominated securities but excluding foreign currency-denominated 
securities issued by Türkiye itself). 
According to these restrictions, these companies with such foreign currency assets of the equivalent of at least TL 10 
million at the time of loan application are not permitted to receive Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans (including 
swap transactions) from Turkish banks and financial leasing, factoring and financing companies if such foreign currency 
assets exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year. The BRSA has, 
however, provided an exception for companies who are not permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash 
loans due to this restriction and foreign currency-denominated loans due to other restrictions imposed by applicable laws at 
the time of the loan application, which companies are permitted to borrow Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans 
in an amount up to the amount of their three month foreign currency net position deficit as declared by the company at the 
time of loan application and then confirmed by the company’s independent auditors or a certified public accountant at the end 
of every three month period. Where any such companies have entities that consolidate into them, these calculations are made 
on a consolidated basis (though disregarding non-Turkish entities). 
Such companies with such foreign currency assets of less than the above-noted amount are permitted to borrow 
Turkish Lira-denominated commercial cash loans; provided that they submit a declaration that: (a) their current foreign 
exchange assets, total assets and net sales revenue for the most recent financial year do not exceed the relevant thresholds at 
the time of the loan application and (b) they undertake that the Turkish Lira equivalent of their foreign exchange assets will 
not exceed such amount (or, if it exceeds such amount, it will not exceed 5% of the higher of their total assets and net sales 
revenue for the last financial year ending during the term of such loan). In addition, such companies must (every three months) 
submit to the lending bank(s) a declaration confirmed by their independent auditor or a certified public accountant reaffirming 
that the above remain true in order to ensure that such bank(s) is/are able to monitor such declaration and undertaking. 
Additional Temporary Measures 
In addition to the other temporary measures described above relating to the government’s response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the BRSA announced on 23 March 2020 (effective until 31 December 2020) and 16 April 2020 certain measures 
to support banks’ calculation of capital adequacy ratios and net foreign currency positions. Pursuant to these rules, banks are 
entitled to: 
(a) use 31 December 2019 exchange rates in certain capital and other calculations, which was then revised 
by the BRSA on 8 December 2020 (and further extended on 17 June 2021 and 16 September 2021) to allow banks 
to use the arithmetic mean of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates during the previous 252 business 
days as of the calculation date until such date as determined by the BRSA (on 21 December 2021, the BRSA 
announced that banks shall (if using this approach) use the average of the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying 
rates during the 252 business days ending on 31 December 2021; on 28 April 2022, the BRSA amended this rule so 
that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange buying rates 
as of 31 December 2021 in certain capital and other calculations; and on 31 January 2023, the BRSA further amended 
this rule so that, until such date as determined by the BRSA, banks may use the Central Bank’s foreign exchange 
buying rates as of 30 December 2022 in such calculations), 
(b) calculate the level of capital used in capital adequacy ratio calculations by disregarding through 
31 December 2020 (as per the BRSA’s decision dated 8 December 2020, extended through 30 June 2021) the 
negative net valuation differences related to securities held as of 23 March 2020 in the portfolio of financial assets

--- Page 216 ---
197 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (on 17 June 2021, the BRSA indefinitely suspended the application 
of clause (b) from 30 June 2021, and then, as per its decision dated 21 December 2021, ended the suspension other 
than for the securities whose fair value difference is reflected in other comprehensive income were negative as of 
21 December 2021, for securities after 21 December 2021 whose fair value difference is reflected in other 
comprehensive income, the relevant provisions of the Regulation on Banks’ Equity will continue to be implemented), 
and 
(c) use 0% risk weightings for foreign currency-denominated receivables owed by the centralised 
administration (i.e., Turkish state institutions and other public institutions that do not have a separate legal entity and 
act under the legal entity of the Turkish sovereign) while calculating the amount of exposure subject to credit risk in 
accordance with the standardised approach as determined under the Capital Adequacy Regulation. 
On 27 March 2020, in line with the Economic Stability Shield Package announced by President Erdoğan on 
18 March 2020, the Banks Association of Türkiye issued a press release regarding a new “Check Payment Credit Support” 
and “Economic Stability Shield Credit Support” for banks. These governmental credit supports, pursuant to which banks were 
able to provide loans to corporate, commercial and (in particular) SME clients, had a maturity of 12 months and an interest 
rate of 9.5% per annum and required no principal or interest payments for three months. The maximum credit amounts that 
could be lent by a Turkish bank to a customer under these support programmes was determined based upon such customer’s 
annual turnover. 
On 18 April 2020, the BRSA introduced (and on 30 April 2020 clarified) a new test referred to as the “Asset Ratio,” 
which ratio banks (excluding development and investment banks and banks under the management of the SDIF) were 
originally required to meet (on an unconsolidated basis) on a weekly basis starting from 1 May 2020. The monthly average 
of the Asset Ratio, which was a modified form of a financial assets (e.g., loans and securities) to deposits ratio and was (inter 
alia) intended to measure (and encourage) a bank’s use of deposits for active lending (particularly in Turkish Lira) as opposed 
to investing in securities or other financial assets (particularly in foreign currencies), was not to be lower than 100% for 
deposit-taking banks and 80% for participation banks (which ratios were later reduced to 90% and 70%). Any failure to satisfy 
this minimum level would have subjected the applicable bank to a fine of up to 5% of the shortfall, which fine was not to be 
less than TL 500,000 in any case. As of 24 November 2020, this requirement was eliminated by the BRSA (effective as of 
31 December 2020) as part of the normalisation process after the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 22 April 2020, the Central Bank increased from 20% to 30% its limit on the amount of a bank’s swap sales (i.e., 
purchase of a bank’s foreign exchange by the Central Bank in return for Turkish Lira) in relation to such bank’s total foreign 
exchange transaction limits with the Central Bank. In May 2020, the Central Bank gradually increased this limit from 30% to 
50%, which was increased further to 60% on 26 November 2020. These changes were expected to result in an increase in the 
foreign exchange reserves held by the Central Bank while enabling Turkish banks to access additional Turkish Lira funding. 
On 5 May 2020, the BRSA imposed a new requirement that certain Turkish Lira transactions (i.e., Turkish Lira-
denominated placements, loans, deposits and repurchase transactions) performed by a Turkish bank with foreign financial 
institutions, including such Turkish bank’s foreign branches and consolidated foreign subsidiaries regarded as credit 
institutions and financial institutions, are limited to 0.5% (increased to 2.5% as of 30 November 2020) of such Turkish bank’s 
latest calculated shareholders’ equity (as calculated daily on a bank-only basis) as reported to the BRSA on a monthly basis. 
If a Turkish bank exceeds such limit, then such bank is not be allowed to enter into any new such transactions (or renew any 
existing such transactions upon their maturity) until such bank is in compliance with this limit. On 20 May 2020, the BRSA 
declared that any such transactions that clear through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are not to be included in the 
numerator of such calculation (on 28 July 2020, the BRSA clarified that this exemption will be limited only to the clearing 
activities of securities denominated in Turkish Lira and exempted from the restrictions on access to Turkish Lira swap 
transactions that satisfy certain criteria). On 6 August 2020, the BRSA announced certain exemptions to this restriction in 
favour of foreign financial institutions (other than international development banks) for the following transactions: (a) entering 
into foreign currency swap trades, under which the foreign financial institution buys Turkish Lira in exchange for foreign 
currency at the initial exchange date (i.e., where the foreign bank will sell Turkish Lira at the maturity date), (b) entering into 
swap trades entered into in the Borsa İstanbul foreign exchange swap market, where the foreign bank buys Turkish Lira in 
exchange for foreign currency at the initial exchange date, (c) entering into repo and reverse repo transactions in the Borsa 
İstanbul repo market and (d) holding Turkish Lira- denominated deposits with Turkish banks; provided, in each case, that: (i) 
the foreign financial institution may only invest in Turkish Lira denominated securities with the Turkish Lira received as a 
result of such transactions, and must deposit any excess Turkish Lira liquidity into accounts held with Turkish financial 
institutions, and (ii) the relevant foreign financial institution must give an undertaking to its Turkish counterpart with respect 
to the intended use of Turkish Lira proceeds and obtain the BRSA’s prior approval in this respect. On 30 November 2020, 
the BRSA further exempted from this calculation overdraft facilities extended to foreign financial institutions. This new

--- Page 217 ---
198 
measure aims to increase the efficient use of Turkish Lira resources and is expected to be effective until the extraordinary 
conditions that exist due to the COVID-19 pandemic have ceased. 
On 20 June 2020, the Central Bank announced the temporary suspension (until 25 December 2020) of its 9 December 
2019 rule on having adjusted real loan growth rate lower than 15% for banks with an annual real loan growth rate higher than 
15% in order for such banks to able to benefit from certain reserve requirement incentives. This change primarily focused on 
the increased loan demand of both corporates and individuals, whose cash flows are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
while aiming to provide banks with flexibility in meeting such loan demand. This rule was then permanently repealed on 
27 November 2020 as noted in “-Liquidity and Reserve Requirements” above.

--- Page 218 ---
199 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form (with or without interest coupons attached) or registered form 
(without interest coupons attached), in each case either as Global Notes or Definitive Notes. Bearer Notes may (subject to 
certain limited exceptions) be issued only in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued in “offshore transactions” to Persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance 
upon Regulation S, to Dealers for resale to QIBs in reliance upon Rule 144A or otherwise in transactions that are exempt 
from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, a permanent global note (a “Permanent 
Bearer Global Note” and, with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(a) if such Bearer Global Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
(b) if such Bearer Global Notes are not issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of such Tranche to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections of the Code referred to above provide that United States investors, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons with respect thereto and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Beneficial interests in Notes that are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
NGN Form. Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner that would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any 
Tranche in NGN form do not comply with certain of the conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria so as to be recognised 
by the ECB as eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Bearer Global Note is to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes. Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of such Note due prior to the applicable 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of such Temporary Bearer Global Note if such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the owners of beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or Persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has/have given a like certification 
(based upon the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
For any Temporary Bearer Global Note, after the date (the “Exchange Date”) that begins immediately upon the 
expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering of the applicable Tranche and such Tranche’s

--- Page 219 ---
200 
Issue Date, beneficial interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for: (a) beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) Definitive 
Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given; provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will 
not be able to receive Definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the applicable Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification, exchange of such Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Permanent Bearer Global Notes. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note (if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification in the manner described in the previous paragraph. 
Exchange from Permanent Bearer Global Notes to Definitive Bearer Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement of a Tranche of Permanent Bearer Global Notes will specify that such Permanent Bearer Global Notes will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and 
Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences that would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note in 
definitive form and, accordingly, the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of such Permanent Bearer Global Note. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in clause (a) or (b) of the 
definition of Exchange Event in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their 
respective behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Permanent Bearer Global Note, may 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in clause (c) of such definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange 
will occur no later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 14 December 
2005. 
Registered Notes 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance 
upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (each a “Regulation S Registered Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, by a registered note in definitive form (a “Definitive Regulation S Registered Note” and, with each Regulation S 
Registered Global Note, a “Regulation S Registered Note;” the Bearer Notes and Regulation S Registered Notes being, 
collectively, the “Regulation S Notes”). Prior to expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) 
applicable to a Tranche of Regulation S Registered Notes, a Regulation S Registered Note (or beneficial interests therein) of 
such Tranche may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and such Regulation S Registered 
Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the applicable restrictive legend described in 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
The portion of the Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) of each Tranche offered and sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold by the Issuer or any Person acting on 
its behalf: (a) to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Issuer an IAI Investment Letter in which 
they agree to purchase such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for their own account and not with a view to the distribution 
thereof, (b) to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or (c) in transactions that are otherwise exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited 
Investors as described in clause (a) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered form (each an “IAI Global

--- Page 220 ---
201 
Note”) or in definitive form (each an “IAI Definitive Note” and, with the IAI Global Notes, the “IAI Notes”) and the Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs as described in clause (b) will be represented by one or more global note(s) in registered 
form (each a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, with the Regulation S Registered Global Notes and the IAI Global Notes, each a 
“Registered Global Note”). 
Registered Global Notes will either be: (a) deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC or (b) deposited with: (i) a Common Depositary or (ii) if the Registered Global Notes are to be held under the “new 
safekeeping structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy operations (the “NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, in each case, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and will be registered in the name of a nominee of that Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will also indicate whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
that would allow Eurosystem eligibility (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Registered Global Notes issued in 
respect of any Tranche to be held under the NSS do not comply with certain conditions of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
so as to be recognised by the ECB as eligible collateral for Eurosystem eligibility). Any indication that a Registered Global 
Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
Registered Global Notes to be held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes of each Tranche sold by the Issuer to U.S. persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors (other than 
through one or more Dealer(s) under Rule 144A) will be Registered Notes in either definitive form (i.e., IAI Definitive Notes) 
or global form (i.e., IAI Global Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, IAI 
Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of US$500,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof 
(or its approximate equivalent in the applicable other Specified Currency at the time of issuance). IAI Notes will be subject 
to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described in “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions.” 
The Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of a Registered Note will, in the absence of provision 
to the contrary, be made in the manner provided in Condition 7 to the Person shown on the Register as the registered holder 
of such Registered Note as of the relevant Record Date. None of the Issuer or any Agent (including the Registrar) will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes (including any payments pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Exchange from Registered Global Notes to Definitive Registered Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement of a Tranche of Registered Global Notes will specify that such Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but (except with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event in the next sentence) not 
in part, for Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange 
Event” means that: (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable Series, (b) if the 
applicable Registered Global Note is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it 
is unwilling or unable to continue to act as a depository for such Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC 
has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available, 
(c) if the applicable Registered Global Note is registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or, as the case 
may be, Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available, or (d) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences that 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the applicable Registered Global Note in definitive form and, 
accordingly, the Issuer has elected to request the exchange of such Registered Global Note.

--- Page 221 ---
202 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of 
the definition thereof in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Clearing System(s) (or any Person acting on their respective 
behalf), acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the applicable Registered Global Note, may give notice to 
the Registrar requesting such an exchange. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event specified in clause (d) of such 
definition, the Issuer may give notice to the Registrar requesting such an exchange. Any such exchange will occur no later 
than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant such notice by the Registrar. In addition, as set out in the preceding 
paragraph with respect to clause (a) of the definition of Exchange Event therein, a holder of an interest in the applicable 
Registered Global Note credited to such holder’s account with the applicable Clearing System may request that the Registrar 
deliver, on behalf of the Issuer, to such Clearing System, Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for such holder’s interest 
in such Registered Global Note in accordance with the standard operating procedures of such Clearing System. 
Transfer of Interests. Beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold: (a) such interest in another Registered Global Note other than an 
IAI Global Note or (b) upon the delivery of an IAI Investment Letter, an IAI Note (including an interest in an IAI Global 
Note). IAI Definitive Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and if there is a Registered Global 
Note for the applicable Series, be transferred to a Person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note; provided that if such Registered Global Note is an IAI Global Note, then such transferee shall have 
delivered an IAI Investment Letter. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer 
such interest except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each 
case to the extent applicable. The Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Fiscal Agent will arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued 
that is intended to be consolidated with, and form a single Series with, an existing Tranche of Notes on a date after the Issue 
Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche will (to the extent applicable) be assigned an ISIN, Common 
Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN number that are different from the ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI 
Code and/or FISN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as such Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiration of any applicable distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such further Tranche. 
Repayment of the principal of a Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 11. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and such Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of the applicable Series and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of such Global Note, then, from 8:00 p.m. (London time) 
on the day on which such payment was to have been made, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with a Clearing System will, on the basis of statements of account provided by such Clearing System, become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer or investor that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (for any listed issuance) a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available that will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 222 ---
203 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS/PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement that, subject (for any transaction not listed on the 
Regulated Market) to any necessary amendment, will be completed for each Tranche of Notes. Text in this section appearing 
in italics does not form part of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
[NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
(DEFINED BELOW) FOR THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. THE CENTRAL BANK OF 
IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For these purposes: (a) “EEA Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them 
available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes: 
(a) a “UK Retail Investor” means: (i) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) of the United 
Kingdom and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA, and (b) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)]. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or 
otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or 
selling the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the United 
Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II], and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to eligible 
 
1 
Include for Notes having a maturity of less than one year or which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
where in each case a Pricing Supplement is to be completed in place of Final Terms. 
2 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(i) of Part B of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement is marked as “Applicable.” 
3 
Only applicable where paragraph 8(f)(ii) of Part B of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement is marked as “Applicable.”

--- Page 223 ---
204 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
[(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] is 
only eligible counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook) and professional clients (as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended)] (as amended, “UK MiFIR”)), and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
[(and beneficial interests therein)] to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes [(or beneficial interests therein)] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s][s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]5 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE “SFA”) 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes [(and beneficial 
interests therein)] to be capital markets products other than: (a) “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and (b) “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]6 
[FINAL TERMS][PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
[Date] 
TÜRKİYE GARANTİ BANKASI A.Ş. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493002XSS7K7RHN1V37 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
under the US$6,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 18 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
 
4 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are MiFID II investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to MiFID II for the purposes of the 
offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is appropriate 
for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific prospectus 
for the issue of Notes. If this paragraph is included but the paragraph regarding the PRIIPS Regulation is not included, then include the definition of 
MiFID II in this paragraph. 
5 
Delete where: (a) none of the Managers/Dealers are UK MiFIR investment firms that are manufacturers pursuant to UK MiFIR for the purposes of 
the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes, or revise where the relevant manufacturers have determined that an alternative target market is 
appropriate for the offering of the relevant Tranche of Notes (or beneficial interests therein), or (b) this matter is already addressed in the issue-specific 
prospectus for the issue of Notes. 
6 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not 
constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 224 ---
205 
No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]]7 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the [Final 
Terms][Pricing Supplement] of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]5 and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms/Pricing Supplement]8 [has/have] been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) [and these Final 
Terms/this Pricing Supplement] [has/have] been [made available in printed form at the registered address of the Issuer at 
[insert address][, at the offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], 
respectively,]] and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin]. 
[The following alternative language for the preceding paragraph applies if the first Tranche of Notes of a Series that 
is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date of the relevant previous base prospectus] [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the “Original Base Prospectus”) that [is][are] incorporated by reference into the base 
prospectus dated 18 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus [for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)]]5 (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the [Final Terms][Pricing Supplement] of the Notes 
described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]5 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, 
including the Conditions in the Original Base Prospectus incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus, the Original Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms/this Pricing 
Supplement]6 have been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]) and these Final Terms/this Pricing 
Supplement] [has/have] been [made available in printed form at the [registered address of the Issuer at [insert 
address]][offices of [insert the name of the financial intermediar(ies)] at [insert address] [and [insert address], respectively,]] 
and at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [insert address]]/[published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin]. 
[The following alternative language applies in the case of Notes having a maturity of less than one year or that are 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [[original date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] (the 
“Original Base Prospectus”) which are incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated] 18 July 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for 
the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including the Conditions in the Original 
Base Prospectus incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
and the Original Base Prospectus have been published on the Issuer’s website ([insert website address]). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable.” Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs that are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, then their minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]9 
 
7 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
8 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement should be published in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation for Notes to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
9 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent.

--- Page 225 ---
206 
1.
Issuer:
Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş.
2.
(a)
Series Number:
[●]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[●]
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]][Not Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency:
[●]
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount immediately after 
issuance of this Tranche:
 
(a)
Series:
[●]
(b)
Tranche:
[●]
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6.
(a)
Specified Denomination(s):
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof]
 
 
(NB: Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent).)
 
 
(Note – for Notes in bearer form, where multiple 
denominations above [€100,000] or equivalent are being 
used, the following sample wording should be followed:
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”)
 
 
(NB: Where a Temporary Bearer Global Note or a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note is, in each case, 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, Definitive Notes must 
only be issued with a denomination equal to, or greater 
than, €100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples 
thereof.)
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount [for Definitive 
Notes (in relation to the calculation of 
interest for Global Notes, see the 
Conditions)]: 
[●] (the “Calculation Amount”) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, then insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.)

--- Page 226 ---
207 
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[●]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify][Issue Date][Not Applicable]
 
 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)
(c)
Trade Date:
[●]
 
 
(NB: Trade Date is included as a mandatory settlement 
field required by the International Central Securities 
Depositaries.)
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date [falling in][nearest to] [specify month and year]]10
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA - Compounded Daily SONIA][SONIA - 
Compounded Index Rate][SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR with 
Lookback][Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Payment 
Delay][TLREF][[●] 
[month] 
EURIBOR/ROBOR/ 
PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH HIBOR] 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum Floating Rate][Zero Coupon]
(see further particulars in paragraph [14/15/16] below)
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) [●], 
paragraph [14/15] below applies, and, for the period from 
(and including) [●] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] below applies][Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[(see further particulars in paragraph [18/19/20] below)]
[Not Applicable]
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
Senior
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes.)
 
10 
For Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment, 
it will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 227 ---
208 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [the/each] 
Interest Payment Date (the “Interest Rate”)
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other]11
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons. In 
the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes, insert regular 
interest payment dates and also complete paragraph (g) 
below as applicable. Paragraph (g) is not relevant to Fixed 
Rate Notes where Interest Periods and Interest Amounts 
are not subject to adjustment and either: (i) a customary 
Following Business Day Convention is to apply in 
accordance with Condition 7.6 to any date for payment 
that is not a Payment Business Day or (ii) such payment 
dates are not otherwise to be subject to adjustment by 
reference to any other Business Day Convention.)
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) [for Definitive 
Notes (in relation to Global Notes, see 
the Conditions)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) [for Definitive Notes 
(in relation to Global Notes, see the 
Conditions)]:
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Applicable only to Notes initially issued in definitive form. 
Not applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
and Modified Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Periods and 
Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
(e)
[Day Count Fraction:
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/360]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]]12
 
 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Modified Fixed 
Rate Notes.)
(f)
[Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]]
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.)
 
11 
For certain Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are subject to adjustment and the following proviso should 
be added: “; provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.” 
12 
Applicable to Renminbi-denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 228 ---
209 
 
(g) 
Modified Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Modified Fixed Rate Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: (i) the 
terms of which provide for Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts to be subject to adjustment or (ii) for which 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are not subject to 
adjustment but a specified Payment Business Day 
Convention (other than the Following Business Day 
Convention) is to apply to any date for payment that is not 
a Payment Business Day. If not applicable, then delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)
 
(i) 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts subject to 
adjustment:
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business 
Day Convention][Not Applicable]
 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment.)
 
(iii) 
Specified Business Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are subject to adjustment. This paragraph relates 
to Interest Period end dates and not the date of payment, 
to which sub-paragraph (vi) below relates.)
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
 
(v) 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]
 
 
(Only applicable where Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are not subject to adjustment and a specified 
Payment Business Day Convention (other than the 
Following Business Day Convention) is to apply to any 
date for payment that is not a Payment Business Day.)
(vi)
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
 
 
(Only applicable if a Payment Business Day Convention is 
specified in sub-paragraph 14(g)(v). Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment and not Interest 
Period end dates, to which sub-paragraph (iii) above 
relates.)

--- Page 229 ---
210 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in sub-paragraph (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]
 
 
(Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates may 
not be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention in the case of Modified Floating Rate 
Notes. In these circumstances only, paragraph (m) below 
will be applicable. In the case of Notes using Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay, follow the definition of 
“Interest Payment Date” in Condition 6.2(b)(viii).)
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention][Following Business Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]13
 
 
(Complete unless paragraph (m) below is applicable. See 
note to paragraph (a) above for guidance.)
(c)
Specified Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]14
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to Interest Period end 
dates and not the date of payment, to which paragraph 23 
relates. Complete unless paragraph (m) below is 
applicable. See note to paragraph (a) above for guidance.)
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount is to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Rate and Interest Amount (if not 
the Fiscal Agent):
[● (the “Calculation Agent”)][Not Applicable] 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA][SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay][TLREF][[●] [month] EURIBOR/ 
ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR]
●
Specified Time:
[●]
 
 
(11:00 a.m. in the case of SONIA, EURIBOR, ROBOR, 
PRIBOR, SIBOR, WIBOR and HIBOR, 11:15 a.m. in the 
case of CNH HIBOR, 12:00 noon in the case of NIBOR and 
3:00 p.m. in the case of SOFR.)
 
13 
Only not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes. 
14 
In addition to certain other circumstances, not applicable in the case of Modified Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 230 ---
211 
 
● 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London][Brussels][New 
York 
City][Bucharest] 
[Prague][Hong Kong][Singapore][Oslo][Warsaw][●][Not 
Applicable]
 
 
(The Relevant Financial Centre will customarily be 
Brussels for EURIBOR, Bucharest for ROBOR, Prague for 
PRIBOR, Hong Kong for HIBOR and CNH HIBOR, 
Singapore for SIBOR, Oslo for NIBOR, Warsaw for 
WIBOR and New York City for SOFR.)
●
Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]
 
 
(The second day on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second 
TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period ends if TLREF, the second 
Bucharest business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if ROBOR, the second Prague business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if PRIBOR, 
the first day of each Interest Period if HIBOR, the second 
Singapore business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if SIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, the second Warsaw 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
WIBOR, the second Hong Kong business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR, the fifth 
London Banking Day prior to the day on which the relevant 
Interest Period ends (but that by its definition is excluded 
from the Interest Period) if SONIA and where the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA or, in 
the case of SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate, the Relevant Number specified 
below, the fifth (or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the related 
Interest Payment Date for SOFR Index Rate with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounded SOFR with 
Lookback and Compounded SOFR with Observation 
Period Shift and, for Compounded SOFR with Payment 
Delay, the Interest Accrual Period End Date and the end 
of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date.)
 
● 
Lookback Number of U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Lookback) 
 
● 
Observation Period Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in the Interest Period and the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period for the 
definition 
of 
“Observation 
Period” 
in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate 
with Observation Period Shift and Compounded SOFR

--- Page 231 ---
212 
with Observation Period Shift) 
 
● 
SOFR Index Start Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date of the applicable Interest Period 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
“SOFR 
IndexStart” 
in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate 
with Observation Period Shift if to differ from the number 
of days set out in such definition) 
 
● 
SOFR Index End Date: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(The number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for the applicable 
Interest Period for the definition of “SOFR IndexEnd” in 
Condition 6.2(b)(v).) (applicable for SOFR Index Rate 
with Observation Period Shift if to differ from the number 
of days set out in such definition) 
 
● 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
 
● 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[quarterly][semi-annually][other][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
 
● 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay) 
 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, then 
ensure it is a page that shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately.) 
 
● 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA][Compounded 
Index 
Rate][SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period 
Shift][Compounded SOFR with Lookback][Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift][Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay][Not Applicable] 
 
● 
Observation Method: 
[Lag][Shift][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and apply the Calculation Method of Compounded 
Daily SONIA – see above) 
 
● 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, include definition of SONIA Compounded 
Index specifying any Relevant Screen Page and its time of 
publication and including definition of the Relevant Screen 
Page) (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA and specify “Not Applicable” under Observation

--- Page 232 ---
213 
Method above) 
 
● 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]15 
(Only relevant to SONIA where Compounded Daily SONIA 
is specified as the Calculation Method) 
(NB: A minimum of five London Banking Days should be 
specified unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent (or 
such other Person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for 
calculating the Interest Rate).) 
 
● 
Relevant Number: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate. If the Fiscal Agent is also the 
Calculation Agent, then the Relevant Number shall not be 
less than “5” unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
● 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
Provisions Applicable: 
 
Condition 6.7(II) is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SOFR. If marked as “Not Applicable,” then the provisions 
of Condition 6.7(I) will apply to the Notes. Specify “Not 
Applicable” for all Floating Rate Notes referencing a 
benchmark other than SOFR.) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
●
ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions][2021 ISDA Definitions]
 
[NB: Certain fallback events and fallback triggers 
applicable to some, or in one instance all, relevant interest 
rates 
under 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
(i.e. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event,” “Generic Fallbacks” 
and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination”) 
are not workable in a note issuance context without 
amendments to the Conditions to disapply those provisions 
and/or to include bespoke replacement provisions (and 
consequential amendments to the pro forma Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement). The additional amendments may be 
included in a drawdown prospectus at the point of issue.] 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, then ensure this is 
a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).) 
 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
15 Only relevant for SONIA Reference Rate

--- Page 233 ---
214 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
●
Reset Date:
[●]
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.) 
(NB: The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are reliant upon 
the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR, which, depending upon market circumstances, 
might not be available at the relevant time.) 
●
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
●
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the

--- Page 234 ---
215 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
●
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the following row.) 
●
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation [and [●] shall be the Calculation 
Agent for these purposes] (specify for each short or long 
interest period and, if the Calculation Agent is to be an 
entity other than the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(e), then specify here the name of the 
Calculation Agent)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Interest Rate:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(k)
Maximum Interest Rate:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 235 ---
216 
 
(m) 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes for which ISDA 
Determination is specified as being applicable in 
subparagraph 15(g) above)
(i)
Applicable Benchmark:
[●][Not Applicable]
(ii)
Fixing Date:
[●][Not Applicable]
(iii)
Fixing Time:
[●][Not Applicable]
 
(iv) 
Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions:
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Modified Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
 
(i) 
Payment 
Business 
Day 
Convention:  
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business 
Day Convention][Not Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Financial Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[●]
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]

--- Page 236 ---
217 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] 
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the Registrar.)
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(NB: When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the Registrar.)
20.
Final Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount]
21. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default:
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22.
(a)
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note that is exchangeable for

--- Page 237 ---
218 
Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event]
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event]
[Definitive Bearer Notes]
 
 
[Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered: (i) in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005, or (ii) in the United States of 
America.]] 
 
 
(NB: The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].”) 
[Registered Notes:
 
 
[Regulation S Registered Global Note(s) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event]
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note(s) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC][a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable 
for Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event]
[Definitive Regulation S Registered Notes]
[Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes]
[IAI Definitive Notes]
 
 
[IAI Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC][a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable 
for Definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event]]
 
 
(NB: In the case of an issue with more than one Global 
Note or a combination of one or more Bearer Global

--- Page 238 ---
219 
Note(s) and IAI Definitive Note(s), specify the nominal 
amounts of each Global Note and, if applicable, the 
aggregate nominal amount of all IAI Definitive Notes if 
such information is available.)
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No] 
23. 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purpose of 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Amount, 
to 
which 
sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates. Delete this paragraph if sub-
paragraphs 14(g)(vi) or 15(m)( ii) are completed.)
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
(Relevant to Definitive Bearer Notes only)
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.][No] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TURKISH LIRA NOTES 
25.
USD Payment Election:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
 
(Only applicable for Notes the Specified Currency of which 
is Turkish Lira.)
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO RMB NOTES
26.
RMB Currency Event:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, then delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
 
(a) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate:
[[●] (the “Calculation Agent”)] 
(b)
RMB Settlement Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
The description[s of the ratings in sub-paragraph 2 of Part B of these Final Terms] [and] [other relevant third 
party information] [has/have] been extracted from [the websites of [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [name(s) of rating agency(ies)] [and] [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of 
Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş.
By:..............................................................
By: ..............................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 239 ---
220 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the official list and to trading on the [regulated 
market][Global Exchange Market] of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [●][; however, no assurance can be given that such 
application will be accepted].][Not Applicable]
 
 
(When documenting an issue of Notes that is to be 
consolidated and to form a single Series with a previous 
listed issue, it should be indicated here that the original 
Notes are already listed and admitted to trading.)
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●][Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS
 
Initial ratings: 
[The Notes [have been][are expected to be] initially rated 
“[●]” by [●] [and “[●]” by [●]].][The following rating[s] 
reflect[s] ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally: “[●]” by [●] [and “[●]” 
by [●]].][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the Notes to be issued have been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(The below additional disclosure in respect of the 
relevant credit rating agency(ies) is only required in 
Final Terms for Notes that are to be admitted to trading 
on an EEA regulated market.) 
 
 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
 
[Each of [insert legal name of credit rating agency(ies)] 
is established in the [European Union/United Kingdom] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009[ 
as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the [European Union/United Kingdom] 
and is not registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA 
Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the [European Union][ or][ the United 
Kingdom] but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the [European Union][ and

--- Page 240 ---
221 
][United Kingdom] and is registered under [Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA 
Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom but is certified under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009[ as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “[UK] CRA 
Regulation”)].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and is not certified under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) or the CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”) 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Except for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers /Dealers], as far as the Issuer 
is aware, no Person involved in the issue of the Notes has any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is 
material to the offer of the Notes. The [Managers/Dealers] and/or [its/their] [respective] affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests]. 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
 
 
The yield is calculated as of the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
Details of historic [SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/ 
CNH HIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] at [●].
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes only)16
 
The below is provided in connection with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 
8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).
 
(a) 
Name 
of 
“benchmark 
administrator” 
as 
described in the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[SONIA/SOFR/EURIBOR/TLREF/ROBOR/ 
PRIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/NIBOR/WIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR] is provided by [administrator legal name]
 
16 Include this Item 6 only for Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 241 ---
222 
 
(b) 
Such “benchmark administrator” appears on the 
register of administrators maintained pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[As of the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that such 
benchmark administrator is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside of the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).][As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the [Bank of England][Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York] as benchmark administrator of 
[SONIA][SOFR] does not fall within the scope of 
the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation and is not required to appear on the 
register of administrators maintained pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]][Not 
Applicable]
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(a)
ISIN:
[●][Not Applicable]
(b)
Common Code:
[●][Not Applicable]
 
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Notes using Compounded SOFR with 
Payment Delay, as DTC does not support such 
Notes in its “MMI” programme, a non-MMI 
CUSIP would need to be obtained in order to settle 
via DTC.)
(d)
CINS:
[●][Not Applicable]
 
(e) 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
 
(f) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or 
requested as of the completion of the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, then it/they should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable,” but if it/they 
is/are not available as of the completion of the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then it/they 
should be specified to be “Not Available.”)

--- Page 242 ---
223 
 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Depository 
Trust Company, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
(h)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
 
(i) 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices for 
the purposes of Condition 15: 
[Any notice delivered to Noteholders of Notes held 
through a clearing system will be deemed to have 
been given on the [first/second] [business] day after 
the day on which it was given to the relevant 
clearing system.][Not Applicable]
 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner that would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the International Central 
Securities Depositaries[ (the “ICSDs”)] as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for Registered Notes 
that are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of [these Final Terms/this Pricing 
Supplement], should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the International Central 
Securities Depositaries[ (the “ICSDs”)] as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for Registered Notes 
that are to be held under the NSS]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(a)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(b)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable][give name(s)]
(c)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable][give name(s)]

--- Page 243 ---
224 
(d)
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable][give name]
 
(e) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A] 
[Section 4(a)(2)][Rules identical to those provided 
in [TEFRA C][TEFRA D] applicable][TEFRA not 
applicable]
 
(f) 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products pursuant to the PRIIPS Regulation, then 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
might constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, then 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products pursuant to the UK PRIIPS Regulation, 
then “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes might constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, then 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
 
(g) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(NB: advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction.)
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[ AND ESTIMATED 
NET PROCEEDS] 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes[, the 
estimated amount of which net proceeds is [●],]17 
will [(or, as of the Issue Date, are intended to)] be 
applied by (or an equal amount will be applied by) 
the Issuer for [Eligible Green Projects][ and/or 
][Eligible Social Projects] (in accordance with the 
Issuer’s SDG Bond Framework) and such Notes 
will therefore be [Sustainable Notes - [Green 
Bonds][Social Bonds][Sustainability Bonds]]][its 
general corporate purposes][●]. 
[See “Use of Proceeds” and “Risk Factors - Risks 
Relating to the Structure of the Notes - Sustainable 
Notes” in the Base Prospectus.] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If 
the reason for the offer is different from Sustainable 
Notes or general corporate purposes, then such 
specific reason will need to be included here.)
 
17 Include only for Final Terms for Notes admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market.

--- Page 244 ---
225 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue, will be incorporated by reference into, or be attached to, each Global 
Note and Definitive Note (each as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s) at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Applicable Final Terms/Pricing Supplement” 
for a description of the content of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. (the “Issuer”) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References to “Notes” in these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”) shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be references to the Notes of this Series and mean: (a) in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global 
Note”), such Global Note or any nominal amount thereof of a Specified Denomination, whether such Global Note is in bearer 
form (a “Global Bearer Note”) or registered form (a “Registered Global Note”), and (b) in relation to any definitive Notes in 
bearer form (the “Definitive Bearer Notes” and, with Global Bearer Notes, the “Bearer Notes”) or registered form (the 
“Definitive Registered Notes” and, with Definitive Bearer Notes, the “Definitive Notes”) (Definitive Registered Notes and 
Registered Global Notes being collectively the “Registered Notes”), such definitive Notes in bearer or, as the case may be, 
registered form. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
dated 15 October 2021 as supplemented by a supplemental agency agreement dated 18 July 2023 (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made among the Issuer, The Bank 
of New York Mellon, London Branch, as fiscal and principal paying agent and exchange agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the 
“Exchange Agent,” which expressions shall, respectively, include any successor fiscal agent and exchange agent) and the 
other paying agents named therein (with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional 
or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch, as transfer agent (with the Registrar (as 
defined below), the “Transfer Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), and The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, as registrar (the “Registrar,” which expression shall include any 
successor registrar). 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer will also appoint a calculation agent 
with respect to a Series of Notes (the “Calculation Agent,” which expression shall include any successor calculation agent 
and any other calculation agent specified in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”). In addition, interest-bearing Definitive 
Bearer Notes that, when issued, have more than 27 interest payments remaining have talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms or the Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, attached to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions. References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” or “Pricing Supplement” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms or the Pricing 
Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to a “Noteholder” or “holder” in relation to a Note means: (a) in the case of a Bearer Note, the holder 
of such Note, and (b) in the case of a Registered Note, the Person(s) (as defined below) in whose name such Note is registered 
in the Register (as defined below), and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to a “Couponholder” means the holder of a Coupon and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holder of the related Talon(s). 
As used herein, “Tranche” means an issue of Notes using the same Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and that are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading); provided that such may have different principal

--- Page 245 ---
226 
amounts, holder(s), serial numbers and (if applicable) securities codes, and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with 
any other Tranche(s) of Notes: (a) that are expressed in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be consolidated 
and form a single series with one or more previous Tranche(s) and (b) the terms and conditions of which are identical in all 
respects except for their respective issue dates (each an “Issue Date”), Tranche number, date of consolidation with one or 
more other Tranche(s), principal amounts, Interest Commencement Dates (unless this is a Zero Coupon Note) and Issue 
Prices, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 15 October 2021 and 
made by the Issuer (such deed as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “ Deed of Covenant”). The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll dated 15 October 2021 and made by the Issuer (such deed poll as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed Poll”), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement of the applicable Tranche of Notes may be inspected during normal business hours at the 
specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer 
Agents (such agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”) by any Noteholder or Couponholder that 
produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes or Coupons, as applicable, 
(or beneficial interests therein) and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall prevail. 
In these Conditions: (a) “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and (b) “Renminbi” and 
“RMB” refer to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), which (for the purposes of these 
Conditions) excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administration Region 
of the PRC and Taiwan. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: (a) the term “law” shall (unless the context otherwise requires) be deemed to 
include legislation, regulations and other legal requirements and (b) unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law 
(including a provision of a law) is a reference to that law (or provision) as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are either Bearer Notes or Registered Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, will be numbered serially with an identifying number that the Issuer will procure to be recorded on the 
relevant Note and, in the case of Registered Notes, in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by 
the Registrar outside of the United Kingdom (the “Register”) and shall be in the Specified Currency and Specified 
Denomination, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Definitive Bearer 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to the Turkish Commercial Code (Law No. 6102), the Capital Markets Law (Law 
No. 6362) of the Republic of Türkiye (“Türkiye”) and the Communiqué on Debt Instruments No. VII-128.8 issued 
by the Turkish Capital Markets Board (in Turkish: Sermaye Piyasası Kurulu) (the “CMB”). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the “Interest Basis” specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 246 ---
227 
1.2 
Title to the Notes 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered Notes 
will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and 
each of the Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not any payment on such 
Note is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest or any writing on, or the theft 
or loss of, such Note) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in the following paragraphs of this Condition 1.2. 
For so long as Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes 
represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to 
the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by 
its participants or beneficial owners through DTC’s participants. The expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any such Registered Global Note, be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note deposited with and, in the case of a Registered Global 
Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each Person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
such nominee, common depositary or common safekeeper) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular principal amount of such 
Global Note (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, as to the principal amount of such Global Note standing to the account of any Person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest or proven error) shall, upon receipt of such 
certificate or other document by the Issuer or an Agent, be treated by the Issuer or such Agent (as applicable) as if 
such Person were the holder of such principal amount of such Notes (and the bearer or registered holder of such 
Global Note shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, 
interest or other amounts on such Global Note, for which purpose the bearer of such Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of such Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and each Agent as the holder of such 
principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of such Global Note; it being understood 
that, with respect to any beneficial interests held by (or on behalf of) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
a Registered Global Note held by DTC or a nominee thereof, the rules of the preceding paragraph shall apply. The 
expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall, for the purposes of any Global Note 
described in this paragraph, be construed accordingly. 
Notes that are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of the applicable clearing system. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of Beneficial Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and (in turn) by direct and (if appropriate) indirect participants in such clearing 
systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such beneficial interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for a Definitive Note of the same Series or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of 
the same Series, in each case, only in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement (and provided that the outstanding principal balance of such beneficial interest of the transferor 
not so transferred is an amount of at least the minimum Specified Denomination) and only in accordance with the 
then-applicable rules and operating procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement, the relevant Registered Global 
Note and/or the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, 
to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee.

--- Page 247 ---
228 
2.2 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, 
a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) (and provided that, if transferred in part, the outstanding principal 
balance of such Definitive Registered Note not so transferred is an amount of at least the minimum Specified 
Denomination). In order to effect any such transfer: (a) the holder(s) must: (i) surrender such Definitive Registered 
Note for registration of the transfer thereof (or of the relevant part thereof) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by such holder(s) (or by one or more attorney(s) duly 
authorised in writing therefor), and (ii) complete and deliver such other certifications as may be required by the 
relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the 
documents of title and the identity of the Person(s) making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
additional reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided in the preceding paragraph, the relevant Transfer Agent will promptly (and, in any event, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which commercial banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located)) after its receipt of such a request (or such longer period 
as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws), authenticate (or procure the authentication 
of) and: (x) deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified office to the specified transferee or (y) if so requested 
by the specified transferee (and then at the risk of such transferee), send by uninsured mail (to such address as such 
transferee may request) a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate principal amount to the Definitive 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) being transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect 
of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (if so 
requested by the transferor, and then at the risk of such transferor) sent by uninsured mail (to such transferor’s address 
in the Register) to such transferor. No transfer of a Definitive Registered Note (or a portion thereof) will be valid 
unless and until entered in the Register. 
2.3 
Costs of Registration 
Noteholders will not be charged by the Issuer or any of the Agents for any costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer of Notes in the Register as provided in this Condition 2, except for any costs or expenses of 
delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer and/or any Agent may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration and/or transfer. 
2.4 
Noteholder Establishment of Clearing of a Definitive Registered Note 
For so long as any Notes of a Series are represented by a Registered Global Note, a holder of a Definitive Registered 
Note of the same Series may (to the extent that it has established settlement through DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) exchange such Definitive Registered Note for interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Note of the same Series at any time. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and Coupons (and claims for payment by the Issuer in respect thereof) are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
provided above) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar event relating to the Issuer, only to the extent permitted by applicable 
laws relating to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 248 ---
229 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note of this Series remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present 
or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time, and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes of this Series are secured by the Security Interest equally and 
rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness, 
(b) 
such Security Interest is terminated, 
(c) 
such other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided for the 
benefit of the Noteholders as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this Series, 
or 
(d) 
such Security Interest is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of this 
Series. 
Nothing in this Condition 4.1 shall prevent the Issuer from creating or permitting to subsist any Security Interest 
upon, or with respect to, any present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) or any part thereof that is created pursuant to: (i) a bond, note or other indebtedness whereby the payment 
obligations are secured by a segregated pool of assets (whether held by the Issuer or any third party guarantor) (any 
such bond, note or other indebtedness, a “Covered Bond”) or (ii) any securitisation of receivables or other payment 
rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created in accordance with normal market practice) and 
whereby all payment obligations secured by such Security Interest or having the benefit of such Security Interest are 
to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or revenues (or, in the case of Direct Recourse 
Securities, by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer); provided that the aggregate then-existing balance sheet value 
of receivables or other assets subject to any Security Interest created in respect of: (A) Covered Bonds that are 
Relevant Indebtedness and (B) any other secured Relevant Indebtedness (other than Direct Recourse Securities) of 
the Issuer, when added to the outstanding principal amount of all Direct Recourse Securities that are Relevant 
Indebtedness, does not, at the time of the incurrence thereof, exceed 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
(as shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with the 
BRSA Principles). 
4.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“BRSA Principles” means the laws relating to the accounting and financial reporting of banks in Türkiye (including 
the “Regulation on Accounting Applications for Banks and Safeguarding of Documents” related with the Banking 
Law as published in the Official Gazette No. 26333 dated 1 November 2006, other regulations on the accounting 
records of banks published by the Banking Regulation and Supervision Board, which is the board of the Banking 
Regulation and Supervision Agency (in Turkish: Bankacılık Düzenleme ve Denetleme Kurumu) (the “BRSA”), and 
circulars and interpretations published by the BRSA) and, for matters that are not regulated by such laws, the Turkish 
Accounting Standards 34 (“TAS 34”) Interim Financial Reporting Standard and the “Turkish Financial Reporting 
Standards” issued by the Public Oversight, Accounting and Auditing Standards Authority (in Turkish: Kamu 
Gözetimi Muhasebe ve Denetim Standartları Kurumu), 
“Direct Recourse Securities” means securities (other than Covered Bonds) issued in connection with any 
securitisation of receivables or other payment rights, asset-backed financing or similar financing structure (created 
in accordance with normal market practice) and whereby all payment obligations secured by a Security Interest or 
having the benefit of a Security Interest are to be discharged principally from such business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues or by direct unsecured recourse to the Issuer, and

--- Page 249 ---
230 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means: (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities 
that (with the consent of the issuer of the indebtedness) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on 
any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised securities market or any loan disbursed to the Issuer as a 
borrower under a loan participation note or similar transaction, where such securities or loans have an initial maturity 
at issue or disbursement in excess of 365 days, and (b) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Maintenance of Authorisations 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall take all necessary action to maintain, obtain and promptly 
renew, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to ensure the continuance of, all consents, 
permissions, licences, approvals and authorisations, and make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings and 
filings, that may at any time be required to be obtained or made in Türkiye (including, without limitation, with the 
CMB and the BRSA) for: (a) the execution, delivery or performance of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Deed Poll and the Notes or for the validity or enforceability thereof or (b) except for any consents, 
permissions, licences, approvals, authorisations, registrations, recordings and filings that are immaterial in the 
conduct by the Issuer of the Permitted Business, the conduct by it of the Permitted Business. 
5.2 
Transactions with Affiliates 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Material Subsidiaries 
to, in any 12 month period: (a) make any payment to, (b) sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its 
properties, revenues or assets to, (c) purchase any properties, revenues or assets from or (d) enter into or make or 
amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance, indemnity or guarantee (whether related 
or not) with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each an “Affiliate Transaction”), which Affiliate Transaction has 
(or, when taken together with any other Affiliate Transactions during such 12 month period, in the aggregate have) 
a value in excess of US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) unless such Affiliate Transaction (and 
each such other aggregated Affiliate Transaction) is on terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Material Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary with an unrelated Person; provided that transactions between or among the Issuer and any of its 
Subsidiaries or between or among Subsidiaries of the Issuer shall not be restricted hereby. 
5.3 
Financial Reporting 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent for distribution to any 
Noteholder upon such Noteholder’s written request to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer, English language copies of the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and (if published) unconsolidated financial statements for such fiscal year, 
prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles, with the corresponding financial statements for the 
preceding fiscal year, and all such annual financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the 
auditors thereon, and 
(b) 
not later than 120 days after the end of the first six months of each fiscal year of the Issuer, English language 
copies of its unaudited (or, if published, audited) consolidated and (if published) unconsolidated financial 
statements for such six month period, prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles, with the 
corresponding financial statements for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year, and all such 
interim financial statements shall be accompanied by the report of the auditors thereon; 
provided that any such financial statement shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Issuer 
has published such financial statement (in a manner that is readily accessible to all) on its website (as of 18 July 
2023, https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/library/default/Library/1147/0/0) (the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Fiscal Agent that the Issuer has published such financial statement on such website).

--- Page 250 ---
231 
5.4 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means, in respect of any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled 
by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person, and, in the case of a natural person, any 
immediate family member of such person; for the purposes of this definition, “control,” as used with respect to any 
Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management 
or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, and the 
terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with” shall have corresponding meanings, 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary that itself has Subsidiaries) represent (or, in the 
case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate, are 
equal to) not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) 
of such Subsidiary prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that: (i) in the 
case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles relate 
or (ii) in the case of any such Subsidiary for which its then latest relevant audited financial statements, at 
the time of such acquisition, are not prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles, the reference to the then 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles 
and the relevant then latest financial statements of such Subsidiary for the purposes of the calculation above 
shall, until consolidated financial statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have 
been prepared and audited in accordance with BRSA Principles as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference 
to such consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such 
financial statements by reference to such Subsidiary’s then latest relevant audited financial statements, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer (including to reflect a conversion of such financial statements 
into BRSA Principles if the then latest relevant audited financial statements of such Subsidiary were not 
prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles), 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer that immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall immediately become a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (b) but shall cease to be 
a Material Subsidiary on the date of publication of the Issuer’s next audited consolidated financial 
statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such 
consolidated financial statements have been published as aforesaid under the provisions of clause (a) or, 
before or after such date, under any other applicable provision of this definition, or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets that, taken with the undertaking or assets of the transferee 
Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with BRSA Principles relate, are equal to) not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, 
all as calculated as set out in clause (a); provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) 
shall upon such transfer immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless, immediately following such 
transfer, its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 15% of the consolidated 
total assets of the Issuer (all as calculated as set out in clause (a)), and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (c) on the date of the publication of the Issuer’s next 
audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with BRSA Principles; provided that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the 
date on which such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of clause (a) or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of 
this definition,

--- Page 251 ---
232 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement (including with respect to Subsidiaries that do not prepare 
financial statements in accordance with BRSA Principles). 
A report by the independent auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon all 
parties, 
“Permitted Business” means any business that is the same as or related, ancillary or complementary to any of the 
businesses of the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of this Series, 
“Person” means any individual, company, partnership, association, unincorporated organisation, trust or other 
juridical entity, including, without limitation, any state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality, and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”), any other Person: (a) in which such first Person 
holds a majority of the voting rights, (b) of which such first Person is a member and has the right to appoint or 
remove a majority of the board of directors or (c) of which such first Person is a member and controls a majority of 
the voting rights, and includes any company that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of such Person; however, in relation 
to the consolidated financial statements of a Person, a Subsidiary shall mean Persons that are consolidated into such 
first Person. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) 
of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction, any applicable Determination Date and whether the 
provisions relating to Modified Fixed Rate Notes will be applicable. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the applicable Rate(s) of Interest. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
be payable in arrear on the applicable Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of Definitive Notes, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount, where a “Fixed Coupon Amount” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, to the Fixed Coupon Amount so specified; provided that the Interest 
Amount payable on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Definitive Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount (and, if applicable, a Broken 
Amount) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by multiplying the then-applicable Interest Rate by: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure (including 
the application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (with half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention with the

--- Page 252 ---
233 
written consent of the Issuer). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is an 
amount other than the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable on such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
If Modified Fixed Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and 
Interest Periods and Interest Amounts are specified as being subject to adjustment, then a Business Day Convention 
shall also be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and (where applicable) Interest Payment 
Dates shall be postponed or brought forward, as the case may be, in accordance with Condition 6.6(b) and the 
relevant Interest Period and Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period will be 
adjusted accordingly. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Specified 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or 
minimum interest rates, the Day Count Fraction and whether the provisions relating to Modified Floating Rate Notes 
will be applicable. Where “ISDA Determination” applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. 
Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest shall be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, each date (each such date, with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date” for the purpose of such Floating Rate Note) that falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest shall be payable in respect of each Interest Period. 
(b) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined, the 
Interest Rate for such Tranche for each Interest Period shall be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this clause (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent or other Person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent or that

--- Page 253 ---
234 
other Person were acting as the Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and a Compounding 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method will be one of the following as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: (1) Compounding with Lookback, (2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift or (3) Compounding with Lockout, 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Averaging 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the 
Overnight Averaging Method will be one of the following as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: (1) Averaging with Lookback, (2) Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
or (3) Averaging with Lockout, and 
(F) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, then the Index 
Method will be the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions 
to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references 
to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 
Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this clause (i), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation Agent,” “Floating Rate Option,” 
“Designated Maturity,” “Reset Date,” “Overnight Floating Rate Option,” “Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method,” “Compounding with Lookback,” “Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift,” “Compounding with Lockout,” “Averaging with Lookback,” “Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift,” “Averaging with Lockout,” “Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option,” “Index Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
For these purposes, “ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and supplemented 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement)) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor or replacement 
thereof) (“ISDA”), or 
(b) 
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, then the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor or replacement 
thereof), each as published by ISDA at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of 
this Series.

--- Page 254 ---
235 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined in respect of any Reference Rate other than for SOFR, SONIA or TLREF, the Interest 
Rate for such Tranche for each Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the offered quotation, or 
(B) 
in any other case, the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) that appear(s) on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service that displays the information) as of the 
Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, then the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, then only one of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, then only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Interest Rate in the event that the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of clause (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or if, in the case of clause (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case, as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Daily SONIA 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being “Compounded Daily SONIA,” then: 
(A) 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). 
(B) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall, unless the Calculation 
Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) 
in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be the sum of: (1) the Bank of England’s Bank 
Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, the close of business) on 
such London Banking Day and (2) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there are more 
than one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread 
(or, if there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest spreads). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding 
clause (B) 
of 
this 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii) 
and 
subject 
to 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to: (1) how 
the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined or (2) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that is reasonably

--- Page 255 ---
236 
practicable and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any London Banking Day “i” for 
purposes of the Notes and for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or 
has not been published by the relevant authorised distributors. 
(D) 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by 
reference to any of clauses (A) to (C) of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), then the Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be: (1) the Interest Rate determined as of the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or 
Minimum Interest Rate relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (2) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate that would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first Interest Accrual Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(E) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 6.5. 
(F) 
As used in this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Person responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest and the Interest Amount(s) or such other amounts as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA Reference Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
 
“d” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, or (b) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement “Shift” 
is specified as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period, 
“do” means: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, the number of London Banking Days in 
the relevant Observation Period, 
d
365
 
 
 
n 
 
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i
















1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 256 ---
237 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: (a) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (b) where 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Observation Period, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant 
Period, 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London, England, 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the earlier of: (a) the 
following London Banking Day and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or, in respect of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding): (a) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (b) such date (if any) on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from the Interest Accrual Period), 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (which, if the 
Fiscal Agent is also the Calculation Agent, shall not be less than “5” unless otherwise 
agreed with the Fiscal Agent in the applicable Final Terms), 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: (a) where “Lag” 
is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, SONIAi-pLBD, or (b) where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, SONIAiLBD, 
“SONIA Reference Rate,” in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), means a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such LBDx, 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day “i”, and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded Index Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement

--- Page 257 ---
238 
as being SONIA and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being “Compounded Index Rate,” then the Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Accrual Period determined by reference 
to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA Reference Rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant Index Determination Dates specified 
below as further specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (the “SONIA 
Compounded Index”) as calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the 
Margin, if any, all determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate is equal to: 
 
 where: 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period or such other date as when the relevant 
payment of interest falls to be due (but that by definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period), 
a day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to  clause “x” or “y” above 
is referred to as an “Index Determination Date,” 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which “x” is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which “y” is determined, and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii) above as if Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in place of Compounded Index Rate. For 
these purposes, the “Calculation Method” shall be deemed to be “Compounded Daily SONIA,” 
the “Relevant Number” specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall be 
deemed to be the “Observation Lookback Period” and “Observation Method” shall be deemed be 
“Shift,” as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being applicable and these alternative 
elections had been made. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final Interest Rate 
shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, 
if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become 
so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as 
interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6.5.

--- Page 258 ---
239 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being “SOFR Index Rate with Observation Period Shift,” then the Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate computed in accordance 
with the following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
൬𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ா௡ௗ  
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ௧௔௥௧ 
−1൰𝑥360
𝑑௖
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period, 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day that is five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period, and 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd. 
“Interest Period” means each period, the duration of which will be indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of 
the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next Interest 
Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Floating Rate Notes on the redemption date, the redemption date). 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the “Secured Overnight Financing Rate”). 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information) 
or 
any 
successor source. 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Index Determination Time”); provided that if a SOFR Index value does 
not so appear at the SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(a) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR 
shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions” 
definition below, or

--- Page 259 ---
240 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.7(II). 
where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
“SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions”: If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 6.7(II)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable 
Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for “SOFR 
Averages,” and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in the “SOFR 
Averages” compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar 
days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day “i” 
in the Observation Period, then SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect 
of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, and 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement before each 
Interest Payment Date, 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement preceding the first date in such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days so 
specified and preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Lookback 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement or Pricing Supplement as being “Compounded SOFR with Lookback,” then the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ି ௬௎ௌ஻஽ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑

--- Page 260 ---
241 
“d0” for any Interest Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
such Interest Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
“SOFRi-yUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period 
is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “y” (the 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days) days prior to that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period is the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR,” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the next U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”), 
(b) 
if the rate specified in clause (a) does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such term is defined in 
Condition 6.7(II)) have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions described (and as defined) in 
Condition 6.7(II), 
where: 
“Interest Period” and “Interest Determination Date” each have the meaning ascribed to the 
respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v), and 
“Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days” has the meaning specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and represented in the formula above as “y”. 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being “Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift,” then the Interest Rate 
for each Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 261 ---
242 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Observation Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”, 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period is 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“Interest Period,” “Interest Determination Date” and “Observation Period” each have the meaning 
ascribed to the respective term in Condition 6.2(b)(v). 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR and for which the 
Calculation Method is Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for a Tranche as the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be 
determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
as being SOFR and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as being “Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay,” then the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Period shall be Compounded SOFR, as defined immediately below, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin. 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Accrual Period means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜   
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is equal to SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.2(b)(vi)) in respect of that day “i”,

--- Page 262 ---
243 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”), and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period 
End Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the issue date) to (but excluding) the 
next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay Notes 
on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date). 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elect to redeems the Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay Notes on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, following each Interest Accrual Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
Notes on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of 
each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with respect 
to the final Interest Accrual Period shall be the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“Rate Cut-Off Date” means the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or such other U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, prior to the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For purposes of 
calculating Compounded SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR 
for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, 
shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date. 
If any scheduled Interest Accrual Period End Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
such date shall be postponed to the following Business Day except that, if such following Business 
Day would fall in the next calendar month, then the Interest Accrual Period End Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes that reference TLREF 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate for such Tranche is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being TLREF, then the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant TLREF Interest Determination Date (by reference to the relevant published TLREF 
Indices in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period) in accordance with the following 
formula: 
⎩⎪⎨
⎪⎧
൮
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑢𝑏𝑙𝑖𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑑 𝑇𝐿𝑅𝐸𝐹 𝐵𝑢𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 𝐷𝑎𝑦
𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
൲
௡ଵ
௡ଶ
−1
⎭⎪⎬
⎪⎫
∗100 
(and the resulting percentage shall be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, references to the 
“published TLREF Index on the second TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest

--- Page 263 ---
244 
Payment Date” shall be replaced by a reference to the “published TLREF Index on the day that is 
two TLREF Business Days preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period.” 
For the purposes of the formula above and this Condition 6.2(b)(ix): 
“BIST TLREF Index” means the TLREF value announced via the BISTECH Data Dissemination 
System (in Turkish: BISTECH Veri Paylaşım Sistemi) as published on the TLREF Relevant 
Screen. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a financial 
institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means: (a) each Interest Period and (b) any other Relevant Period. 
“n1” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“n2” means the number of calendar days between: (a) the TLREF Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date (or such date (if any) on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but that by its definition and the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from the Interest 
Accrual Period)) and (b) the TLREF Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date 
(provided that, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, reference to the “the TLREF 
Business Day preceding the previous Interest Payment Date” shall be replaced with a reference to 
“the TLREF Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period”). 
“published TLREF Index” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, the rate of return of 
TLREF on the next TLREF Business Day as determined by reference to the BIST TLREF Index 
that references the return on overnight repo transactions realised on the Borsa İstanbul Repo-
Reverse Repo Normal Orders Market, all as published at the relevant time on such TLREF 
Business Day on the TLREF Relevant Screen. 
“TLREF” means the Turkish Lira overnight reference rate. 
“TLREF Business Day” means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which the BIST Repo-
Reverse Repo Market (or the successor or replacement thereof) is open. 
“TLREF Committee” means the committee consisting of representatives of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance of Türkiye, the Central Bank of Türkiye (the “Central Bank”), the Banks 
Association of Türkiye, the Capital Markets Association of Türkiye (in Turkish: Türkiye Sermaye 
Piyasaları Birliği), the BRSA, the Istanbul Settlement and Custody Bank (in Turkish: İstanbul 
Takas ve Saklama Bankası A.Ş.) and Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. or any successor or replacement thereof. 
“TLREF Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the second 
TLREF Business Day prior to the day on which such Interest Accrual Period ends. 
“TLREF Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TLREF Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the published TLREF Index on such TLREF Business Day. 
“TLREF Relevant Screen” means the “TLREF Indices” webpage that is available on the website 
of Borsa İstanbul A.Ş. (borsaistanbul.com) (or any successor website). 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the applicable published TLREF Index is not 
available on the TLREF Relevant Screen or has not otherwise been published by the TLREF 
Committee, then the Interest Rate in respect of the applicable Interest Accrual Period shall, unless 
the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments) in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(e), be determined as if the published TLREF Index were 
calculated in the following manner:

--- Page 264 ---
245 
(a) 
The Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be the sum of: (i) the 
policy rate of the Central Bank prevailing at 5:00 pm (or, if earlier, the close of business 
in İstanbul) on the applicable TLREF Interest Determination Date and available on the 
Central 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/EN/TCMB+EN/Main+Menu/Core+Functions/Mon
etary+Policy/Central+Bank+Interest+Rates/1+Week+Repo 
(or 
any 
successor 
or 
replacement website) and (ii) the mean of the spread of the published TLREF Index to 
the policy rate of the Central Bank over the previous five TLREF Business Days on which 
a TLREF Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
are more than one highest spread, then only one of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there are more than one lowest spread, then only one of those lowest 
spreads). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding clause (a), if the TLREF Committee has published guidance as to: (i) 
how the TLREF Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
TLREF Reference Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable to do so and as set forth in a direction from the Issuer in writing, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the TLREF Reference Rate for any TLREF 
Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period and for so long thereafter as the published 
TLREF Index remains unavailable on the TLREF Relevant Screen or is not otherwise 
published by the TLREF Committee. 
(c) 
If, on any TLREF Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate cannot be determined by 
reference to clauses (a) and (b), then the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be: (i) the Interest Rate determined as of the last preceding TLREF Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Interest 
Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
TLREF Interest Determination Date, then the initial Interest Rate that would have been 
applicable to the applicable Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period of such Notes had 
such Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to their first Interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the applicable Interest Commencement Date (and applying 
the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate 
applicable to such first Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, then the final 
Interest Rate shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 6.5. 
(c) 
Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a 
Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is less than such Minimum 
Interest Rate, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Minimum Interest 
Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Tranche of Floating Rate Notes specifies a 
Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Interest Rate in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2(b) is greater than such 
Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period for such Tranche shall be such Maximum 
Interest Rate.

--- Page 265 ---
246 
A Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement may specify both a Minimum Interest Rate and a Maximum Interest 
Rate for a Tranche. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 
Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Interest Rate and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time 
at which the Interest Rate is to be determined, determine the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
(or any other Relevant Period). 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or any other Relevant Period) by applying the Interest 
Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes that are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note, or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is an amount other than the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based upon the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity (if applicable) were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period; provided that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an independent advisor acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert appointed by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, 
determines appropriate. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(e) only, “Calculation Agent” shall mean the 
Issuer or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, a financial institution of 
international repute appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for these purposes. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination only, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
6.3 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes and Modified Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which Interest Periods and Interest 
Amounts are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being subject to adjustment, the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause: (a) to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which (at the request of the Issuer) the relevant Notes are for the time being listed: (i) each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Interest Rate, 
and (b) notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15, in each case, as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter (or, in the case of Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify the Reference Rate as being SONIA, SOFR or TLREF,

--- Page 266 ---
247 
no later than the second London Banking Day, U.S. Government Securities Business Day or TLREF Business Day, 
respectively, thereafter). Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (if any) 
on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed at the request of the Issuer and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
in London. 
6.4 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6 and Condition 7.11, whether by the Fiscal 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven 
error) be binding upon the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
6.5 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from (and including) the date specified for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal on such Note is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Note (or part thereof) have been paid (with such additional 
accrued interest being due and payable immediately), and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Note has been received by 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
6.6 
Day Count Fraction and Business Day Convention 
(a) 
Day Count Fraction 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Relevant Period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, then the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year, or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, then the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year, and

--- Page 267 ---
248 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year, 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date), 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, then the actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the 
case may be, divided by 365 (or, if any portion of such period falls within a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365), 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided 
by 365, 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366, 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
(vi) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, then the number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case 
may be, divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
and 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30x(Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in such period unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 268 ---
249 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, then the number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case 
may be, divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30x(Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, and 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the 
number of days in the Interest Period or other Relevant Period, as the case may be, divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30x(Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
such period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of such period falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of such period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of such period unless: (A) that day is the last 
day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
such period unless: (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (B) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and: (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 269 ---
250 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 above, the “Floating Rate Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date: (A) in the 
case of clause (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of clause (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (B) in the case of clause (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event: (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month that falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred, 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention,” then such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
6.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Reference Rate Replacement 
I. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(I) apply to all Floating Rate Notes other than those for which the Reference Rate is SOFR 
and Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Advisor 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Advisor, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b)), and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) and any other required Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(d)). 
An Independent Advisor appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(I). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2(b), if the Issuer, following consultation with an 
Independent Advisor pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(a) and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred and that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.7(I)), or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.7(I)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part(s) thereof)

--- Page 270 ---
251 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b), then the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specific quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be positive, negative or zero), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines: (i) that additional amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.7(I)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(I)(d), neither the Calculation Agent nor any 
other Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Amendments that, in 
the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or such other Paying Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and 
in good faith, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, such other Paying Agent in the Agency Agreement. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, each as determined 
under this Condition 6.7(I), will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the other 
Paying Agents (and, in any case, no later than five business days in London prior to the first Interest 
Determination Date on which the relevant Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate is to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof)) and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Prior to any Benchmark Amendments taking effect and no later than one London Business Day following 
the date of notifying the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (C) where 
applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.7(I), and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 271 ---
252 
The Calculation Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding upon the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate and Fallback Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.7(I)(a) through Condition 6.7(I)(e), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, in accordance with 
Condition 6.7(I)(e). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Interest Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) (and, in 
either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread) is determined and notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 6.7(I), then the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Interest Rate on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Interest Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only and the Interest Rate applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.7(I). 
(g) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(I): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which, in each case, is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate where no such formal recommendation as described in clause (A) 
has been made or, in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate, 
(C) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets as described in clause (B), the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions that reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or 
(D) 
if the Issuer determines that none of clauses (A), (B) or (C) applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so

--- Page 272 ---
253 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and for the purposes of this clause (D) only, 
of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
and, if applicable, Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate that the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.7(I)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes, 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.7(I)(d), 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five London business 
days or ceasing to exist or be administered, 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances in which no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate), 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be prohibited from being used 
(either generally or in respect of the Notes), 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of the relevant 
underlying market or may no longer be used, or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference 
Rate; 
provided that, notwithstanding clauses (ii) through (v), each such Benchmark Event shall only be deemed 
to occur: (A) in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate 
or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (B) in the case of clause (iv), on 
the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (C) in the case of clause (v), on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market or may no longer be used and 
that is specified in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement, 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, for any Series, such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Person responsible for the calculation of the Rate(s) of Interest 
and the Interest Amount(s), 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, 
at its own expense, under Condition 6.7(I)(a); provided that such shall not be any of the Agents, 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Interest 
Rate (or any component part(s) thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) on the Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement,

--- Page 273 ---
254 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the: (A) European Commission, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, (B) central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or similar institution for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates or (C) central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which such Original 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority that is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof, and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body (which, for Notes referencing EURIBOR, shall be an 
€STR-based rate for debt securities based upon the “Recommendations by the working-group on euro risk-
free rates on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and  €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates” dated 11 May 
2021 (the “EURIBOR Recommendations”) unless the Relevant Nominating Body for EURIBOR amends, 
supplements or otherwise modifies the EURIBOR Recommendations at any time, in which case, such 
amendment, supplement or other modification to the EURIBOR Recommendations shall be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate to EURIBOR for the purposes of the relevant 
Notes). 
II. 
The following Benchmark Discontinuation and Reference Rate Replacement provisions in this 
Condition 6.7(II) apply to all Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR and 
Condition 6.7(II) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Effect of a Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred before the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, then the Benchmark Replacement shall replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and 
administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer shall have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, then 
the Issuer and the Agents shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, agree to the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with this 
Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.7(II)(a)(ii), none of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes that, in the sole opinion of the Fiscal Agent, 
such other Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, in each case, acting reasonably and in good faith, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Fiscal 
Agent, such other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 274 ---
255 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.7(II), including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection (including with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes): (A) will be conclusive and binding upon all 
parties absent manifest error and subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), (B) shall be made 
in the Issuer’s sole discretion and (C) subject as provided in this Condition 6.7(II), shall become 
effective without consent from any Noteholder, Agent or other Person. None of the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any liability for any 
determination made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with a Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Benchmark 
Replacement or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the 
business day convention, the interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology for 
calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark or for confirming any related Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with this Condition 6.7(II), the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely upon any determinations made by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer and shall have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Notice 
Any Benchmark Replacement, and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this Condition 6.7(II) shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(b) 
Defined Terms 
As used in this Condition 6.7(II): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined in Conditions 6.2(b)(v) through 
(viii); provided that if a Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement, 
“Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by (or on behalf of) the administrator of such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified 
date to provide such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such 
Benchmark, 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such 
Benchmark announcing or stating that the administrator of such Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease on a specified date to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide such Benchmark, or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Benchmark announcing or stating that such Benchmark is no longer representative,

--- Page 275 ---
256 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) an alternate interest rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate interest rate that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted interest rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment, and 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time, 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of 
Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to 
the definition of “Corresponding Tenor” solely when such tenor is longer than the Interest Period, the 
rounding of amounts or tenors and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Issuer 
decides are appropriate to make to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, then in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary), 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the later of: (i) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark, 
or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Event,” the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt: (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, then the Benchmark 
Replacement Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination, 
and (ii) for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Event, references 
to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such Benchmark,

--- Page 276 ---
257 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current Benchmark, 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor, 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment, 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the Benchmark is SOFR 
Index Rate with Observation Period Shift, the SOFR Index Determination Time, and (b) otherwise, the time 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto, and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
6.8 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions: 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Specified Business Centre (other than the real-time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (or any successor or replacement system) (the “T2 System”)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, then a day on which the T2 System is open, and 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is 
open, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement from (and including) which such Notes will accrue interest, which 
may or may not be their Issue Date, 
“Interest Period” for a Series means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date for such Series (or, 
in respect of the first Interest Period for such Series, its Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or, in respect of the first Interest Period, first) Interest Payment Date for such Series, 
“Reference Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: (a) the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), (b) TLREF, (c) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”), 
(d) the Romanian interbank offered rate (“ROBOR”), (e) the Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”), (f) the 
Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”), (g) the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), (h) the Warsaw

--- Page 277 ---
258 
interbank offered rate (“WIBOR”), (i) the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”), (j) SONIA or 
(k) SOFR, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
“Relevant Period” means the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date, 
“Specified Time” means, with respect to a Tranche of Notes, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of Payment 
Except as provided in this Condition 7, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (or any account to which such Specified Currency may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on a bank or other financial institution that processes payments in the Specified Currency. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to: (a) any fiscal or other laws applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, and (b) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to FATCA (“FATCA Withholding Tax”). 
In these Conditions, “FATCA” means: (a) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), of the United States of America, (b) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, (c) 
any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof, (d) any intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and any other governmental authority entered into in connection with the implementation 
of the foregoing in this definition or (e) any applicable law, rule or official practice implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement. 
7.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions to the contrary, payments of principal on a Definitive Bearer 
Note shall (subject as provided below in this Condition 7.2) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 only 
against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of such Definitive 
Bearer Note, and payments of interest on a Definitive Bearer Note will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, presentation and endorsement) of 
the applicable Coupon(s), in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(a)) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 278 ---
259 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, then interest (if any) 
accrued on such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of such Definitive Bearer Note. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note that on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose principal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon; provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid thereon after that date is less than the principal amount of such Note. 
7.3 
Payments on Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner specified in Condition 7.2 in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where applicable against surrender or, as the case may be, 
presentation and endorsement, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments on Registered Notes 
Payments of principal to redeem a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) in full will be made 
only against surrender of such Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments shall be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at: (a) where in global form and held under the “new safekeeping 
structure” for registered global securities that are intended to constitute eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy operations (the “NSS”), the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b) in all other cases, the close of 
business at the specified office of the Registrar on the 15th day before the relevant due date (or, if such 15th day is 
not a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located, then 
the first such day prior to such 15th day) (in each case, the “Record Date”). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, 
if: (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of such Registered Note is less than 
US$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), then payment may instead be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank. For these purposes, “Designated Account” means 
the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated 
Bank” means any bank or other financial institution that processes payments in such Specified Currency. 
Except as set forth in the next and final sentences of this paragraph, payments of interest and (except upon redemption 
in full) principal on a Registered Note (whether a Definitive Note or a Global Note) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the relevant 
Record Date at the address of such holder shown in the Register on such Record Date and at such holder’s risk. Upon 
application of such holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest or any such payment 
of principal on a Registered Note, such payment will be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in 
the preceding paragraph for the final payment of principal on the applicable Registered Note. Any such application 
for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and 
principal on such Registered Note that become payable to the holder thereof who has made the initial application 
until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due on 
a Registered Note on redemption in full will be made in the same manner as the final payment of the principal of 
such Registered Note as described in the preceding paragraph. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any 
amount due on any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by 
any Agent in respect of any payments of principal or interest on the Registered Notes, except as provided in 
Conditions 7.8 and 7.9.

--- Page 279 ---
260 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect of Notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an 
account of the Exchange Agent in the relevant Specified Currency on behalf of DTC or its nominee for: (x) payment 
in such Specified Currency or (y) conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars, in each case, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and Condition 7.9. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder of a 
Bearer Global Note shall be the only Person entitled to receive payments on the Notes represented by such Global 
Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such holder in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the Persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by a Global Note must look solely to 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for such Person’s share of each payment so made 
by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to, or to the order of, the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or the holder 
of a Bearer Global Note. Except as provided in the Deed of Covenant, no Person other than the registered holder of 
a Registered Global Note or the holder of a Bearer Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of 
any payments due on such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 7.2 and 7.3, if any amount of principal and/or interest on Bearer Notes 
is payable in U.S. dollars, then such payments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States only if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars, and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount on any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day, then the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next Payment Business Day in the relevant place 
(except in the case of Modified Fixed Rate Notes and Modified Floating Rate Notes where a Payment Business Day 
Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in which case such holder will be 
entitled to payment on the Payment Business Day in the relevant place as determined in accordance with the Payment 
Business Day Convention so specified) and, in any such case, shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes: 
“Payment Business Day” means any day that (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation, and

--- Page 280 ---
261 
(ii) 
any Specified Financial Centre (other than the T2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, 
(b) 
if the T2 System is specified as a Specified Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, a day on which the T2 System is open, 
(c) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency, or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is 
open (in each of clauses (i) and (ii), disregarding any elections to receive payment in a different currency 
pursuant to Conditions 7.8 and 7.9), and 
(d) 
in the case of any payment on a Global Note, a day on which DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, settle(s) payments in the applicable Specified Currency (or, with respect 
to DTC, U.S. dollars), and 
“Payment Business Day Convention” means, if the Payment Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention, the next following Payment Business Day, 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, the next day that is a Payment Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the holder shall be entitled to such payment at the 
place of presentation on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, or 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention, the immediately preceding Payment Business Day. 
7.7 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal on a Note shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable with respect to such principal under Condition 9.1, 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note, 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Note, 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.5) of such Note, 
and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) that may be payable by the Issuer on such Note. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest on the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts that may be payable with respect to such interest under Condition 9.1. 
7.8 
U.S. Dollar Exchange and Payments on Turkish Lira-denominated Notes held other than through DTC 
(a) 
If “USD Payment Election” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, the Specified Currency set out in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement is Turkish Lira and 
interests in the Notes are not represented by a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC (or a 
nominee thereof) or by a Global Note held under the NSS, then the holder thereof (determined as of the 
applicable Record Date in the case of Registered Notes) may, no more than 14 days and no less than five 
Business Days before the due date (the “Relevant Payment Date”) for the next payment of interest and/or 
principal on such Note (such period, the “USD Election Period”), give an irrevocable election to any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) to receive such 
payment in U.S. dollars instead of Turkish Lira (a “USD Payment Election”). Upon its receipt of such an

--- Page 281 ---
262 
election, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) shall notify the Fiscal Agent on the 
Business Day following each USD Election Period of the USD Payment Elections made by the Noteholders 
during such USD Election Period and, upon its receipt of such notification, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the 
Exchange Agent of the proportion of such interest and/or principal on the Notes due on the Relevant 
Payment Date (as defined below) that is payable to Noteholders who have given a USD Payment Election 
(the “Lira Amount”). 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Issuer and by no later than 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such 
Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent. Following 
receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent, the Exchange Agent shall provide for the Lira Amount 
to be converted into U.S. dollars in the manner provided in Condition 7.8(b) and then to be transferred to 
the Fiscal Agent for onward payment to the holders of such Notes on such Relevant Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.8 and Clause 7.10 of the Agency Agreement. 
If the Fiscal Agent receives cleared funds from the Issuer in respect of Turkish Lira-denominated Notes 
held other than through DTC after the time noted in the previous paragraph, then the Fiscal Agent shall 
transfer the Lira Amount to the Exchange Agent for conversion into U.S. dollars as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, following such conversion, the Exchange Agent shall transfer such U.S. dollar amounts to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable efforts to pay any U.S. dollar amounts that 
Noteholders have elected to receive in respect of such funds as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. 
Each USD Payment Election of a Noteholder will be made only in respect of the immediately following 
payment of interest and/or principal on the Notes the subject of such USD Payment Election and, unless a 
USD Payment Election is given in respect of each subsequent payment of interest and principal on those 
Notes, such payments will be made in Turkish Lira. 
(b) 
Upon receipt of the Lira Amount from the Fiscal Agent pursuant to Condition 7.8(a), the Exchange Agent 
shall purchase U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount for settlement on the Relevant Payment Date at a purchase 
price calculated on the basis of its own internal foreign exchange conversion procedures, which conversion 
shall be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and on a similar basis to that which the Exchange 
Agent would use to effect such conversion for its customers (such rate, taking into account any spread, fees, 
commissions or charges on foreign exchange transactions customarily charged by it in connection with such 
conversion, the “Applicable Exchange Rate”). 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8, neither the Exchange Agent nor the Issuer shall be liable to any 
Noteholder, the Issuer or any third party for any losses whatsoever resulting from application by the 
Exchange Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. The Exchange Agent may rely conclusively on the basis 
on which its internal foreign exchange conversion rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any third 
party indices forming the basis for such conversation rates) for settlement has been determined and shall 
not be liable for losses associated with the basis for determination of such rate. 
Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further investigation or enquiry, on any notification or 
irrevocable elections received by it or provided to it (including, without limitation, any calculation in respect 
of the Lira Amount) pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and shall not be liable to any party for any losses 
whatsoever resulting from acting in accordance with such notifications or irrevocable instructions or 
calculations even though, subsequent to its acting, it may be found that there was some defect in the 
notification or irrevocable instruction or the notification or irrevocable instruction was not authentic or an 
error existed in the calculations. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Exchange Agent will generally be a transaction to buy or 
sell currency between: (i) on one part, the Issuer (acting through the Fiscal Agent, as an agent of the Issuer) 
and (ii) on the other part, either the Exchange Agent or its affiliate (acting as principal for its own account). 
The Fiscal Agent as agent of the Issuer will enter into the foreign exchange transaction with the Exchange 
Agent or its affiliate acting as a principal for its own account, and not as an agent, fiduciary or broker on 
behalf of the Issuer. In the sole and absolute discretion of the Exchange Agent, the foreign exchange 
transaction may be transmitted by the Exchange Agent or any of its affiliates acting as principal for its own 
account to a sub-custodian. In forwarding certain foreign exchange transactions to the sub-custodian for 
execution, the Exchange Agent or its affiliate acting as principal for its own account does not, and will, not 
serve as agent, fiduciary or broker on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 282 ---
263 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments on Notes the Specified Currency of which is Turkish Lira is 
limited to the specified Turkish Lira amount of such payments and, in the event that it fails to make any 
payment on such Notes in full on its due date, its obligation shall remain the payment of the relevant 
outstanding Turkish Lira amount and it shall have no obligation to pay any greater or other amount as a 
result of any change in the Applicable Exchange Rate between the due date and the date on which such 
payment is made in full. 
(d) 
Following conversion of the Lira Amount into U.S. dollars in accordance with this Condition 7.8 and the 
Agency Agreement, the Exchange Agent shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of: (i) the total amount of 
U.S. dollars purchased with the relevant Lira Amount (the “USD Amount”) and (ii) the Applicable Exchange 
Rate at which such U.S. dollars were purchased by the Exchange Agent. 
(e) 
On the Relevant Payment Date, the Fiscal Agent shall give notice to the applicable Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the matters set out in Condition 7.8(d)(i) and (ii) in reliance on the 
information provided to it by the Exchange Agent in accordance with Condition 7.8(d). 
(f) 
If, for illegality or any other reason, it is not possible for the Exchange Agent to purchase U.S. dollars with 
the Lira Amount, then the Exchange Agent will promptly so notify the Fiscal Agent, which shall, as soon 
as practicable after receipt of such notification from the Exchange Agent, notify the applicable Noteholders 
of such event in accordance with Condition 15 and all payments on the applicable Notes on the Relevant 
Payment Date will be made in Turkish Lira in accordance with this Condition 7, irrespective of any USD 
Payment Election made. 
(g) 
To give a USD Payment Election in respect of this Note: 
(i) 
if this Note is a Definitive Note, then the holder hereof must deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (with respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes), 
on any Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, a duly signed and completed USD 
Payment Election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent (the “USD Payment Election Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a 
USD bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.8 accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of 
the USD Payment Election, be held to the Fiscal Agent’s order or under its control until the 
applicable U.S. dollar payment is made, and 
(ii) 
if this Note is a Global Note, then the holder of an interest in this Global Note must, on any 
Business Day falling within the USD Election Period, give notice to any Paying Agent (with 
respect to Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (with respect to Registered Notes) of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any depositary for any of them to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay the relevant 
Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any of their 
respective direct or indirect participants) or any depositary for either of them to provide payment 
instructions with respect to the relevant USD Payment Election. 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions to the contrary: (i) all costs (including any fees, 
charges, commissions or spreads) of the purchase of U.S. dollars with the Lira Amount shall be borne pro 
rata by the relevant Noteholders relative to the Notes of such Noteholders the subject of USD Payment 
Elections, which pro rata amount will be deducted from the pro rata portion of the USD Amount paid to 
such Noteholders, (ii) none of the Issuer, any Agent or any other Person shall have any obligation 
whatsoever to pay any related foreign exchange rate spreads, fees, charges, commissions or expenses or to 
indemnify any Noteholder against any difference between the pro rata portion of the USD Amount received 
by such Noteholder and the portion of the Lira Amount that would have been payable to the Noteholder if 
it had not made the relevant USD Payment Election and (iii) neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall have 
any liability or other obligation to any Noteholder with respect to the conversion into U.S. dollars of any

--- Page 283 ---
264 
amount paid by it to the Fiscal Agent in Turkish Lira or the payment of any U.S. dollar amount to the 
applicable Noteholders. 
(i) 
Notwithstanding any provisions of these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
in respect of any Notes that are the subject of a USD Payment Election in respect of any payment, the 
definition of Payment Business Day shall, for the purposes of such payment on the Relevant Payment Date, 
be deemed to include a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorised 
or required by law to be closed in New York City. 
7.9 
Payments on Notes held through DTC in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars 
For any Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars, the holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note will receive payment in 
U.S. dollars unless it elects (in accordance with normal DTC practice) to receive such payment in such Specified 
Currency in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Upon such an election, neither the Issuer nor any of the Agents will be liable for any delay or ultimate failure to pay 
the relevant Noteholder(s) caused by any delay or failure of DTC (or any of its direct or indirect participants) to 
provide payment instructions with respect to the relevant Specified Currency. 
7.10 
RMB Account 
All payments on the Notes in RMB will be made solely by credit to a RMB account maintained by the payee at a 
bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and guidelines issued from time 
to time (including all applicable laws with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong Kong or any relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre). 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in accordance with applicable laws. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be in Hong Kong. 
7.11 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and 
a RMB Currency Event occurs and is continuing on a date for payment of any amount due on any Note or Coupon, 
the Issuer’s obligation to make payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be satisfied by payment of such 
amount in U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event that is continuing, the Issuer shall give irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 not less than five nor more than 30 days before the relevant due date 
for payment or, if this is not practicable due to the time at which the relevant RMB Currency Event occurs, as soon 
as practicable following such occurrence, stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(and subject, in the case of any determination of the Calculation Agent, to the provisions of Condition 6.4): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong, 
 “Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City, 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day that is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the relevant 
payment under the Notes, 
“RMB Currency Event” means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB Inconvertibility,

--- Page 284 ---
265 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a payment, of any amount, in whole or in part, under the Notes, 
as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation 
with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong 
Kong, 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert in the 
general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong any amount, in whole or in part, due on the Notes into RMB on any 
payment date, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, 
to comply with such law), 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or 
suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law 
enacted by a Governmental Authority (unless such law is enacted after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of Notes of this Series and it is impossible for the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law), and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-
the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting reasonably and in good faith, determine the rate taking into consideration all available information that 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, among other things, pricing information obtained from the RMB 
non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC 
domestic foreign exchange market. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated 
on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in (except as provided 
in Conditions 7.8 and 7.9) the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
8.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9.2(b)), or any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this Series (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt 
and for the purposes of this Condition 8.2, be the date on which the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement is signed by the Issuer), on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to: 
(i) 
pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9, and 
(ii) 
make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied 
by (or on behalf of) a Relevant Jurisdiction at a rate in excess of the applicable prevailing rates on

--- Page 285 ---
266 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most recently issued Tranche of Notes of this 
Series, and 
(b) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the applicable Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes of this Series on any Payment Business Day at their Early Redemption Amount 
together (if applicable) with all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent: (i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the requirement referred 
to in clause (a) will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisors of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
8.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 8.2), such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call.” 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, contains provisions applicable to any Issuer 
Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement identifies any Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes that can be redeemed and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if a Minimum Redemption 
Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement together (if applicable) with 
all interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If a Minimum Redemption 
Amount and/or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, then any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than such Minimum Redemption 
Amount nor more than such Maximum Redemption Amount. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes under this Condition 8.3, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will: (a) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, and (b) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion) and/or DTC (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or, if the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for the applicable Series provides for a shorter minimum notice period for 
redemption, such shorter number of days). 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date 
to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes that are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put.” The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement,

--- Page 286 ---
267 
as the case may be, contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8.4 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement identifies any Optional Redemption Date(s), any Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable 
notice periods. 
If “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note (or, for Global Notes, the indicated part thereof) on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with all interest accrued 
and unpaid to (but excluding) such Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes (or, for Global Notes, a nominal 
amount thereof) may be redeemed under this Condition 8.4 in any Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note (or a portion hereof): 
(a) 
if this Note is in definitive form and is held outside of a clearing system, then the holder of this Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, (a “Put Notice”) and in which such holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.2; if this Note is in definitive bearer form, then the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to such Paying Agent’s order or under its control, and 
(b) 
if this Note is represented by a Global Note or is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg while 
in definitive form, then the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of this Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and 
instead to declare this Note (or, if a Global Note, a portion hereof) forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 and 11.1, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows (the “Early Redemption Amount”): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes 
of this Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof, 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount that is or may be 
less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, at its outstanding principal amount, or

--- Page 287 ---
268 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal, and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, which shall 
be any of: (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator shall be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360), (ii) Actual/360 
(in which case the numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator shall be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of this Series to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases by the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries 
The Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase, have assigned or otherwise transferred to it or 
otherwise acquire (or have a third party do so for its benefit) Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
in any manner and at any price in the open market or otherwise, including (without limitation) in its capacity as a 
broker for a customer. If any such purchases or acquisitions of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are made by 
tender, exchange or other process, then such tender, exchange or other process shall not be required to be available 
to all Noteholders of the applicable Series, or in the same manner, except to the extent required by law. Such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) (and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, the related Coupons and Talons) may be 
held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or (with the Issuer’s consent) any such Subsidiary (as the case may be) for 
those Notes (or beneficial interests therein) held by it, surrendered or notified to any Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar for cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.7; provided that any such resale or surrender of a Definitive Bearer 
Note shall include a sale or surrender (as applicable) of all related Coupons and Talons. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes that are redeemed, all Global Notes that are exchanged in full, all Registered Notes that have been 
transferred, all Coupons that are paid and all Talons that are exchanged shall be cancelled by the Agent by which 
they are redeemed, exchanged, transferred or paid. All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold and (if such 
cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or Definitive Note shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
In addition, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may, in accordance with Condition 8.6, surrender to any Paying 
Agent or the Registrar any Notes (in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) related to them) held by it that it wishes to have cancelled (or notify the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar of any beneficial interests in a Global Note to be so cancelled), which Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein) (and, if applicable, unmatured Coupons or Talons) shall, to the extent that the Issuer 
indicates in writing the same to the relevant Paying Agent (or, as applicable, the Registrar), be promptly cancelled 
by the Agent to which they are surrendered (or, as the case may be, the Agent(s) so notified). All Notes so cancelled 
cannot be reissued or resold and (if such cancellation is for the full amount thereof) the applicable Global Note or 
Definitive Note shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar for cancellation. 
Each of the other Agents shall deliver all cancelled Notes, Coupons and Talons to the Fiscal Agent or as the Fiscal 
Agent may specify.

--- Page 288 ---
269 
8.8 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or 
refused, then the amount due and repayable on such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 8.5(c) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date that is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due on such Zero Coupon Note have been paid, and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable on such Zero Coupon Notes has 
been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
9.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes (including with respect to the Coupons, if any) by (or on behalf 
of) the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, levies, assessments or governmental charges (including related interest and penalties) of whatever nature 
(“Taxes”) imposed, assessed or levied by (or on behalf of) any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would have been receivable on the Notes (including 
with respect to the Coupons, if any) in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided that no Additional 
Amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment on any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by (or on behalf of) a holder who is liable for Taxes in respect of the Note or Coupon 
by reason of such holder having some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of payment in respect thereof, 
(b) 
presented for payment in Türkiye, or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder of the 
relevant Note or Coupon would have been entitled to Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the last day of such 30 day period (assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) 
for, or on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
9.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” means, with respect to any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due but, if the 
full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or before the due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to 
the holder of the applicable Note by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15, and 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means: (a) Türkiye or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax or (b) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes 
(including with respect to the Coupons, if any).

--- Page 289 ---
270 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest with respect thereto are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) from the Relevant Date therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon that would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The holder of any Note may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly forthwith 
become, immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, with all interest accrued and unpaid to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred 
and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due on the Notes or any of them 
and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or 14 days in the case of interest, 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and (except in 
any case where the failure is incapable of remedy, when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 14 days following the service by any 
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied, 
(c) 
if: (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described), (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on 
the due date for payment, subject to any applicable grace period, (iii) any security given by the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or (iv) 
default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
Person, subject to any applicable grace period; provided that the aggregate principal amount of: (A) such 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of clause(s) (i), (ii) 
and/or (iii) above and/or (B) the maximum amount payable by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary under 
such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in the case of clause (iv) above 
exceeds US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency(ies)), 
(d) 
if: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, 
(ii) 
(A) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part, or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole, 
in each case, of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders, or (B) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops 
or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to (or admits inability to) pay, its debts (or any class 
of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of 
any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found by a competent authority to be (or becomes) bankrupt 
or insolvent, 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries commences negotiations with one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of all or a substantial part of its 
indebtedness, or

--- Page 290 ---
271 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries: (A) takes any corporate action or other steps are taken 
or legal proceedings are started: (1) for its winding-up, dissolution, administration, bankruptcy or 
reorganisation (other than for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction while solvent upon 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) or (2) for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar 
officer of it or any substantial part or all of its revenues and assets or (B) shall, or proposes to, 
make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or shall enter into any composition with 
its creditors, 
in each case in clauses (i) to (iv) above, save for the solvent voluntary winding-up, dissolution or 
reorganisation of any Material Subsidiary in connection with any combination with, or transfer of the whole 
or substantially the whole of its business and/or assets to, the Issuer or one or more other Subsidiary(ies) of 
the Issuer, or 
(e) 
if the banking licence of the Issuer is temporarily or permanently revoked or the management of the Issuer 
is taken over by the Savings Deposit Insurance Fund under the provisions of the Banking Law (Law 
No. 5411) of Türkiye. 
11.2 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, 
(b) 
any borrowed money, or 
(c) 
any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to: (a) evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation, defacement or destruction and (b) indemnity, in each 
case as the Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any 
additional Agents are appointed in connection with this Series, then the names of such Agents will be specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts; provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar, 
(b) 
there will at all times be: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), 
and (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated,

--- Page 291 ---
272 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars are 
held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in 
the United States, and 
(e) 
so long as this Series of Notes was listed on a stock exchange by the Issuer and remains so listed, there will 
at all times be an Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) having a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such exchange or any other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall as promptly as practicable appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in the United 
States in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents and of any changes to the specified office of 
an Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
Any such variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of the 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event of the applicable Agent, a Paying Agent ceasing to be a FATCA-Compliant 
Entity, a Paying Agent determining that it is unable to concur with the Issuer in respect of Benchmark Amendments 
for the reasons outlined in Condition 6.7(I)(d) or as otherwise prescribed by the Agency Agreement, when it shall 
be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation 
to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Couponholder or other Person. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted, with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “FATCA-Compliant Entity” means a Person payments to whom are not subject 
to any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon included in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
(if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due on the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10. 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Bearer Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
published in English in a leading English language newspaper of general circulation in London. It is anticipated (but 
not required) that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner that complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Bearer Notes (if any) are (at the request of the Issuer) for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading, including publication on the website of such stock exchange and/or other relevant 
authority if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date by which publication 
has occurred in all required newspapers. 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Registered Notes shall be in English and be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by messenger, courier, first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) of such Registered Notes at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of delivery (if delivered by messenger or courier) or the fourth day after 
mailing (if sent by mail). In addition, for so long as any Registered Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a 
stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange and/or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.

--- Page 292 ---
273 
So long as any Global Note is held on behalf of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or such delivery or mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, for communication by them 
to the holders of interests in such Global Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of interests in such Note on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after the 
day on which such notice was given to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (or, if not so 
specified, on the second London Business Day after the date on which such notice was given to DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable). 
In addition, for so long as any Note is (at the request of the Issuer) listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, the notice described 
in the previous paragraph shall be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority 
and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing in English and given by lodging the same (together, in the 
case of any Definitive Bearer Note, with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note) with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Any such Definitive Bearer Note shall be returned 
to the relevant Noteholder after such notice has been given in the event such Definitive Bearer Note is otherwise due 
to be returned to such Noteholder. For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of an interest in such Global Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Holders of any Coupon appertaining to a Note shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the applicable Noteholder. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including at a physical 
location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or a combination 
thereof) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of 
any modification of the Notes (including any of these Conditions), the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time and shall be convened by the Issuer 
if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of 
this Series for the time being outstanding. A meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement may be cancelled by the Person(s) who convened (or, if applicable, caused the 
Issuer to convene) such meeting by giving at least five days’ notice (which, in the case of a meeting convened by the 
Issuer, shall be given to the applicable Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and to the Fiscal Agent); 
provided that if the Issuer had convened such meeting after having been required to do so by one or more 
Noteholder(s) pursuant to Clause 3.1 of Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement, then the Issuer may not so cancel 
such meeting absent a request to do so from such Noteholder(s). 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more eligible Person(s) present 
and holding or representing in the aggregate at least a majority of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including these Conditions) or 
the Coupons (including modifying the Maturity Date of the applicable Series of Notes or any date for the payment 
of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or interest payable on the applicable Series of 
Notes, altering the currency of payment of the applicable Series of Notes or the related Coupons or amending the 
Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more eligible Person(s) present and holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third in principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders shall be binding upon all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present or represented at any meeting and whether or not they vote on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 293 ---
274 
The Agency Agreement provides that (inter alia): (a) a resolution in writing signed by (or on behalf of) the 
Noteholders of not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being 
outstanding (whether such resolution in writing is contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by (or on behalf of) one or more Noteholders) or (b) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by (or on behalf of) the Noteholders of 
not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of this Series for the time being outstanding will, 
in each case, take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution and shall be binding upon all Noteholders. 
16.2 
Modification without Noteholder Consent 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, effect any modification (except such 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned in Condition 16.1) of any of the 
Notes (including these Conditions), the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll or the Agency Agreement that is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, either: (a) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing or correcting any manifest or 
proven error or any other defective provision contained herein or therein or (b) following the advice of an 
independent financial institution of international standing, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall be notified 
by the Issuer to the applicable Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to these Conditions pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate(s) or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount on the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 6.7 (with respect to Condition 6.7(I), where the 
Issuer has delivered to the Calculation Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 6.7(I)(e)). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and issue further 
notes having terms and conditions the same as those of this Series of Notes, or the same in all respects except for the 
amount and/or date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue date and/or the date from which interest starts 
to accrue, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such outstanding Notes; provided that 
the Issuer shall ensure that such further notes will be fungible with such outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as a result of their issuance being a “qualified reopening” under U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.1275-2(k) 
unless the original Notes were, and such further Notes are, offered and sold by (or on behalf of) the Issuer solely in 
reliance upon Regulation S in offshore transactions to Persons other than U.S. persons. 
In addition, the Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create and 
issue separate Series of Notes under the Programme. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any Person that exists or is available apart from 
that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing Law 
These Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall be (and 
the Notes and Coupons state that they, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
are and shall be) governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the High Court of 
Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any

--- Page 294 ---
275 
appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes that arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or Coupons) 
and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts with respect thereto. 
In connection with any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any such suit, action or other proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (together referred to as “Proceedings”), the Issuer waives any 
objection to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom 
appellate court in respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales) on the grounds that it is an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may initiate any Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Consent to Enforcement 
The Issuer agrees, without prejudice to the enforcement of a judgment obtained in the High Court of Justice of 
England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in respect of any appeal relating 
to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) according to the provisions 
of Article 54 of the International Private and Procedure Law of Türkiye (Law No. 5718), that in the event that any 
action is brought in relation to the Issuer in a court in Türkiye in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, in 
addition to other permissible legal evidence pursuant to the Civil Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100), any 
judgment obtained in such courts in connection with such action shall constitute conclusive evidence of the existence 
and amount of the claim against the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the first paragraph of Article 193 of the Civil 
Procedure Code of Türkiye (Law No. 6100) and Articles 58 and 59 of the International Private and Procedure Law 
of Türkiye (Law No. 5718). 
19.4 
Service of Process 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Issuer at the offices of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited (with a current address of Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London 
EC2N 4AG, England) and the Issuer undertakes that, in the event of such process agent ceasing so to act, the Issuer 
shall promptly appoint another Person as its agent for that purpose. This Condition does not affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner allowed by law. 
19.5 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has, in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll, submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the High Court of Justice of England and Wales in London (and any competent United Kingdom appellate court in 
respect of any appeal relating to any judgment or order originally of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales) 
and agreed to service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above in this Condition 19.

--- Page 295 ---
276 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained 
from sources that the Bank’s management believes to be reliable, but neither the Bank nor any Dealer takes any responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer nor any 
other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or 
payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is required to notify Central Registry İstanbul within three İstanbul 
business days from the applicable Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes of the amount, Issue Date, ISIN (if any), interest 
commencement date, maturity date, interest rate, name of the custodian and currency of such Notes and the country of 
issuance. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law, 
a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of 
the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
DTC holds securities that its direct participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement 
among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, 
banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and, with Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to notes accepted into 
DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal 
and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC. Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes 
(“DTC Beneficial Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers 
and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective DTC Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although DTC 
Beneficial Owners who hold interests in DTC Notes through Participants will not possess the securities, the DTC Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will 
be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive 
a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each DTC Beneficial Owner is in turn to be recorded 
on the relevant Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s records. DTC Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from DTC of their purchases, but DTC Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of each transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Participant through which the 
DTC Beneficial Owner holds its interest in the DTC Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of DTC Beneficial Owners. DTC Beneficial 
Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of 
Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual DTC Beneficial Owners; DTC’s 
records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may 
not be the DTC Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf 
of their customers.

--- Page 296 ---
277 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s 
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date 
(identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC or its nominee. DTC’s practice is to credit 
accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the 
records of DTC, subject to the receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant Paying 
Agent. Payments by Participants to DTC Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements 
as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC or its nominee is the responsibility of the 
Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments 
to the DTC Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the DTC 
Notes for Definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their requests and 
proportionate entitlements and that will be legended as described in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any DTC 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge its interest in DTC Notes to Persons that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to effect such pledge through DTC and its Participants or, if not 
possible to so effect it, to withdraw its securities from DTC as described below. 
The applicable laws in some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such 
Persons might depend upon the ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can 
only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a 
Person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such interest to 
Persons that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such interest for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of an interest in Notes represented by 
a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interests might be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such interests is not eligible to hold such interests through a Participant. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Clearstream, Luxembourg customers through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
customers, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Transactions may be settled by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in any of a number of currencies, including U.S. dollars and Turkish Lira. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides 
to its customers, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally 
traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic securities markets 
in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier and the Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, which supervise and oversee the 
activities of Luxembourg banks. Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers are recognised financial institutions around the world, 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct 
participant in Clearstream, Luxembourg. Clearstream, Luxembourg has established an electronic bridge with Euroclear to 
facilitate settlement of trades between Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.

--- Page 297 ---
278 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Clearstream, Luxembourg to pledge such 
interest to Persons that do not participate in the Clearstream, Luxembourg system, or otherwise take action in respect of such 
interest, might be limited by the lack of a definitive note for such interest because Clearstream, Luxembourg can act only on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg’s customers, who in turn act on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of 
some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the 
ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes 
held through the Clearstream, Luxembourg system will receive payments of principal, interest and any other amounts on the 
Notes only through Clearstream, Luxembourg participants. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by 
electronic book-entry transfer between its direct participants. Euroclear provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear 
also deals with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. 
Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with participants in Euroclear. 
The ability of an owner of a beneficial interest in a Note held through Euroclear to pledge such interest to Persons 
that do not participate in the Euroclear system, or otherwise take action in respect of such interest, might be limited by the 
lack of a definitive note for such interest because Euroclear can act only on behalf of Euroclear’s customers, who in turn act 
on behalf of their own customers. The applicable laws of some jurisdictions might require that certain Persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes to such Persons 
might be limited. In addition, beneficial owners of Notes held through the Euroclear system will receive payments of principal, 
interest and any other amounts on the Notes only through Euroclear participants. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments on Global Notes 
The Issuer has applied to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to have Global Note(s) accepted in its 
book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the interests represented by such 
Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
Such accounts initially will be designated by (or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Interests in such a Global 
Note through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be limited to participants of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. Interests in such a Global Note will be shown on, and the transfer of such interests 
will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee (with respect 
to the interests of direct Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants) and the records of direct or indirect Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants (with respect to interests of indirect Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants). 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will 
credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Registered Global Note to the accounts of Persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by (or on behalf of) the relevant Dealer(s) or investor(s). Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered 
Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants and Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S 
Registered Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial 
interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected 
only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records 
of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest on a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be made to the 
order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Global Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than 
U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in 
accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial owners 
of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of 
such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account.

--- Page 298 ---
279 
Subject to the preceding paragraph, payments of principal and interest on a Global Note will be made to DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of such Global 
Note. The Issuer expects DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to credit accounts of their respective direct 
accountholders on the applicable payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by direct DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders to indirect participants in such Clearing Systems will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers of such Clearing System, 
and will be the responsibility of such direct participant and not the responsibility of such Clearing System, the Fiscal Agent, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Bank. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to a Clearing System (or its 
nominee) are the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described in “Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between Participants in DTC, on the one hand, and directly and indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with 
whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Tranche, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between Participants in DTC will generally have a 
settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between participants in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and Participants in DTC will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on 
the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered 
Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where 
appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the 
designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg participants and DTC’s Participants cannot be made on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be 
delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
Each Clearing System has published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial 
interests in global securities among participants of the Clearing Systems; however, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures might be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Agents or any Arranger or Dealer will be responsible for any performance by the Clearing Systems or their respective 
direct or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and 
none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 299 ---
280 
TAXATION 
This is a general summary of certain U.S. federal and Turkish tax laws and other tax considerations in connection 
with an investment in the Notes. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal and Turkish tax law and 
considerations or the laws of other jurisdictions (including the UK or any state or local tax law, including any jurisdiction in 
which an investor in the Notes is subject to taxes). While this summary is considered to be a correct interpretation of existing 
laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that those laws or the interpretation of those laws 
will not change. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences that might be relevant to an investor in light of 
such investor’s particular circumstances or to investors subject to special rules, such as regulated investment companies, 
certain financial institutions or insurance companies. In addition, each investor should note that the tax laws of such investor’s 
jurisdiction might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes (or the purchase, ownership or disposition by an owner of 
beneficial interests therein) as well as any tax consequences that might arise under the laws of any state, municipality 
or other taxing jurisdiction (including of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile), including (but not limited 
to) the consequences of receipt of payments on the Notes and the disposal of investments in the Notes. 
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of a Note by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar that acquires the Note 
from the Dealers at a price equal to the issue price of the Notes (as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”) and 
holds it as a capital asset. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that might be applicable 
to particular U.S. Holders subject to special U.S. federal income tax rules, including, among others, tax-exempt organisations, 
financial institutions, accrual method taxpayers that file applicable financial statements (as described in Section 451(b) of the 
Code), dealers and traders in securities or currencies, U.S. Holders that will hold a Note as part of a “straddle,” hedging 
transaction, “conversion transaction” or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders that 
enter into “constructive sale” transactions with respect to the Notes, U.S. Holders liable for any alternative minimum tax and 
certain U.S. expatriates. In addition, this summary does not address consequences to U.S. Holders of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of a Note under any other U.S. federal tax laws (e.g., estate or gift tax laws) or the tax laws of any 
state, locality or other political subdivision of the United States or other countries or jurisdictions. 
This summary does not discuss Notes that by their terms may be retired for an amount less than their principal 
amount and Notes subject to special rules. The tax treatment of certain Notes may be specified in the relevant supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. Moreover, this summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes 
significant limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
restrictions and penalties imposed under U.S. federal income tax law with respect to Bearer Notes and any other tax 
consequences with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of any of these Notes. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means an owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S., (b) an entity taxable as a corporation created or organised in or under 
the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (c) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal 
income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a United 
States court and that has one or more United States person(s) (as defined under the Code) who have the authority to control 
all substantial decisions of the trust or a valid election for such persons to be treated as United States person(s) (as defined 
under the Code) is in effect with respect to such trust. References herein to a U.S. Holder holding a Note shall also refer to 
the holding of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds a Note, then the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the 
partnership. Therefore, a partnership holding a Note and its partners should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of a Note. 
The discussion below is based upon the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and judicial and 
administrative interpretations thereof, all as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and any of which may at any time 
be repealed, revoked or modified or subject to differing interpretations, potentially retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal 
income tax consequences different from those discussed below.

--- Page 300 ---
281 
The summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences set out below is for general information only. Investors 
in the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of owning investments in the 
Notes, including the applicability and effect of state, local, foreign and other tax laws and possible changes in tax law. 
Payments of Interest 
Payments of interest on the Notes, including Additional Amounts, if any, other than interest on a Discount Note that 
is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined under “-Original Issue Discount - General”), generally will be taxable to a 
U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time that such payments are received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. Holder’s 
usual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest paid on a Note and OID, if any, accrued with respect 
to the Notes (as described under “-Original Issue Discount”), generally will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and generally will be considered “passive” income, which is treated separately from other types of 
income in computing the foreign tax credit that may be allowable to U.S. Holders under U.S. federal income tax laws. Subject 
to applicable restrictions and limitations, a U.S. Holder may be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit in respect of any 
Turkish withholding taxes imposed upon interest received on the Notes. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to claim a credit 
for foreign tax may instead claim a deduction in respect of the Turkish withholding taxes provided the U.S. Holder elects to 
deduct rather than claim a credit for all foreign taxes for such taxable year. U.S. Holders that are eligible for benefits under 
the double tax treaty between the United States and Türkiye (the “Double Tax Treaty”) or are otherwise entitled to a refund 
for the taxes withheld under Turkish tax law generally will not be entitled to a foreign tax credit or deduction for the amount 
of any Turkish taxes withheld in excess of the maximum rate under the Double Tax Treaty or for those taxes that have been 
otherwise refunded to them under Turkish tax law. The rules relating to foreign tax credits or deducting foreign taxes are 
extremely complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and advisability of 
claiming a foreign tax credit or a deduction with respect to any Turkish taxes withheld from payment. 
Stated interest paid in a currency other than U.S. dollars will be included in a U.S. Holder’s gross income in an 
amount equal to the U.S. dollar value of such other currency, including the amount of any withholding tax, regardless of 
whether such other currency is converted into U.S. dollars. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax 
accounting will determine such U.S. dollar value using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. A cash method U.S. 
Holder generally will not realise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of the interest payment but may have foreign 
currency gain or loss attributable to the actual disposition of the other currency received. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses 
the accrual method of tax accounting will determine the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest income using the average rate 
of exchange for the accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for 
the partial period within each taxable year). Alternatively, an accrual basis U.S. Holder may make an election (which must be 
applied consistently to all debt instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS) to 
translate accrued interest income at the spot rate of exchange on the last day of the accrual period (or the last day of the portion 
of the accrual period within each taxable year in the case of a partial accrual period). A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual 
method of accounting for tax purposes will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment if the 
exchange rate in effect on the date payment is received differs from the rate used in translating the accrual of that interest. 
The amount of foreign currency gain or loss to be recognised by such U.S. Holder will be an amount equal to the difference 
between the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment in the other currency (determined on the basis of the spot rate on the 
date the interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above) regardless of whether the payment 
is in fact converted to U.S. dollars. This foreign currency gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss and generally will not 
be treated as an adjustment to interest income or expense, and generally will be U.S. source provided that the residence of the 
U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rules governing foreign currency gain or loss. 
Original Issue Discount 
General. The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with original issue discount (“OID”). 
A Note will be treated as issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price 
at maturity” over its issue price is at least a de minimis amount (0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity from its issue date). Generally, the “issue price” of a Note is the 
first price at which a substantial amount of such Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to Persons other 
than bond houses, brokers or similar Persons acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The 
“stated redemption price at maturity” of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of 
“qualified stated interest.” A “qualified stated interest” payment is generally any one of a series of stated interest payments 
on a security that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates 
paid during some periods), or a variable rate, applied to the outstanding principal amount of such security. If a Note has de

--- Page 301 ---
282 
minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the 
Note, unless the holder makes the election described below under “-Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount.” 
A U.S. Holder can determine the includible amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the 
Note’s de minimis OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal amount 
of the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must generally include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and will generally have to include in income increasingly greater amounts of 
OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the 
sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the 
taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by allocating 
to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect 
to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Discount Note as long 
as: (a) no accrual period is longer than one year and (b) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs 
on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of: (i) 
the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield 
to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length 
of the accrual period) over (ii) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Discount Note allocable to the 
accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the 
Note increased by: (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any 
payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments. Interest payments on a “variable rate debt instrument” (“VRDI”) may be considered 
qualified stated interest. For this purpose, a Note is a VRDI if it is an instrument that: (a) has an issue price that does not 
exceed the total noncontingent principal payments by more than an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) 0.015 multiplied by the 
product of such total noncontingent principal payments and the number of complete years to maturity of the Note (or, in the 
case of Notes providing for payment of principal in instalments, the weighted average maturity) and (ii) 15% of the total 
noncontingent principal payments, (b) provides for stated interest (compounded or paid at least annually) at the current value 
of: (i) one or more qualified floating rates (as defined below), (ii) a single fixed rate followed by one or more qualified floating 
rates, (iii) a single objective rate (as defined below) or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate (as defined below) 
that is a qualified inverse floating rate (as defined below) and (c) does not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent. 
If a Note that provides for a variable interest rate does not qualify as a VRDI, then such Note would be a “contingent 
payment debt instrument” (“CPDI”) subject to rules set forth in the Treasury regulations that address the U.S. federal income 
tax treatment of such instruments. A description of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. 
Holders of such Notes will be set forth in the applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
A “qualified floating rate” is a floating rate under which variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure 
contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. A multiple 
of a qualified floating rate is not a qualified floating rate unless the relevant spread multiplier is: (a) fixed at a number that is 
greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35 or (b) fixed at a number that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased 
or decreased by a fixed rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, stated interest on a Note that is subject to a maximum or minimum 
interest rate limitation (i.e., a cap or floor), a restriction on the amount of increase or decrease in such rate (i.e., a governor) 
or other similar restrictions generally will not be treated as a qualified floating rate. However, a restriction will not cause a 
variable rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate if it is a cap, floor or governor that is fixed throughout the term of the Note 
or is a cap, floor, governor or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected on the issue date to cause the yield on the 
Note to be significantly less than (in the case of a cap), significantly more than (in the case of a floor), or significantly different 
from (in the case of a governor), the expected yield determined without such cap, floor or governor, as the case may be. In 
addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values 
throughout the term of the variable rate note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points (i.e., 
0.25%) of each other as determined on the Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. An “objective 
rate” is a rate (other than a qualified floating rate) that is determined using a single fixed formula and that is based upon 
objective financial or economic information; provided, however, that an objective rate does not include a rate based on 
information that is within the control of the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of the applicable statutory provisions) 
or that is unique to the circumstances of the Bank (or a related party within the meaning of the applicable statutory provisions), 
other than the Bank’s credit quality, such as dividends, profits or the value of the Bank’s stock. A variable rate is not an 
objective rate; however, if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Note’s term 
will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Note’s

--- Page 302 ---
283 
term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is an objective rate: (i) that is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate and 
(ii) the variations in which can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly 
borrowed funds. If a debt instrument provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed 
by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate and if the variable rate on the debt instrument’s 
issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from 
the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points (i.e., 0.25%)), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will 
constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
Under the OID rules, if a Note qualifies as a VRDI that provides for interest at a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate and that rate is payable unconditionally at least annually, then all of the interest is treated as qualified 
stated interest. Therefore, such a Note will not have original issue discount unless its stated principal amount exceeds the 
price at which it is issued by an amount that is greater than or equal to the de minimis amount. If a Note qualifying as a VRDI 
provides for interest at more than a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate, the rules for determining the amount 
and accrual of original issue discount and qualified stated interest on such a VRDI provide for the conversion of such debt 
instrument into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and the application of the general rules regarding original issue 
discount to such debt instrument. The OID rules generally require that such a Note be converted into an equivalent fixed rate 
debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of 
the VRDI for a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, 
as of the Note’s issue date. Under such rules, the qualified stated interest allocable to an accrual period based upon such 
assumed fixed rate is increased or decreased, as the case may be, if the interest actually paid during such accrual period 
exceeds, or is less than, the interest assumed to be paid during the accrual period based upon such assumed fixed rate. If a 
Note qualifying as a VRDI provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates 
or a qualified inverse floating rate, then the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse 
floating rate, if the Note provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under such circumstances, the qualified floating rate 
or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of an investment in the 
Note as of the Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument 
that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. After converting 
the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Note is then converted into an 
equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and subject to the general rules regarding original issue discount, as described above. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount. A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all 
interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield method described above under “- Original Issue Discount - General” 
with certain modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, and de minimis OID. If a U.S. 
Holder makes this election for the Note, then, when the constant-yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will equal 
its cost, the issue date of the Note will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of 
qualified stated interest. This election will generally apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange and Redemption of Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement at maturity or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder 
generally will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised (i.e., the amount of cash and 
the fair market value of any property received on the disposition (except to the extent the cash or property received is 
attributable to accrued and unpaid interest not previously included in income, which is treated like a payment of interest)) and 
the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will equal the amount paid for the Note, 
increased by the amount of any OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of 
income attributable to de minimis OID included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note. If a U.S. Holder 
purchases a Note with a currency other than U.S. dollars, then the U.S. dollar cost of such investment generally will be the 
U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date. The amount 
realised upon the disposition of a Note generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount received on the date of the 
disposition calculated at the spot rate of exchange on that date; however, if the Note is traded on an established securities 
market, a cash basis U.S. Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder) should determine the U.S. dollar value of 
the cost of or amount received on the Note, as applicable, by translating the amount paid or received at the spot rate of 
exchange on the settlement date of the purchase or disposition, as applicable. The election available to accrual basis U.S. 
Holders in respect of the purchase and disposition of Notes traded on an established securities market must be applied 
consistently to all debt instruments from year-to-year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Subject to the 
foreign currency rules discussed below, any gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition 
of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held by the U.S. Holder for 
more than one year. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source.

--- Page 303 ---
284 
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors about the 
availability of U.S. foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to any Turkish taxes imposed upon a disposition of Notes. 
Any gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note will 
generally be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to changes in foreign currency 
exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held such Note. Such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the 
difference between: (a) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the 
Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition and (b) the U.S. 
dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of 
exchange on the date of purchase of the Note. If the Note is traded on an established securities market, with respect to a cash 
basis U.S. Holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis U.S. Holder), such foreign currency gain or loss will equal the difference 
between: (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated 
at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the disposition and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase 
price (in the other applicable currency) for the Note calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the 
purchase of the Note. The realisation of any foreign currency gain or loss, including foreign currency gain or loss with respect 
to amounts attributable to accrued and unpaid stated interest, will be limited to the amount of overall gain or loss realised on 
the disposition of the Notes. 
Exchange of Amounts in other than U.S. dollars 
If a U.S. Holder of a Note receives a currency other than U.S. dollars as interest on a Note or on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, then such U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such other currency will equal its U.S. dollar 
value when the interest is received or at the time of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition. If a U.S. Holder of a 
Note purchased such Note with previously owned non-U.S. currency, then gain or loss will be recognised in an amount equal 
to the difference, if any, between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in such currency and the spot rate on the date of purchase. Any 
such gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss and will be treated as from sources within the United 
States provided that the residence of the U.S. Holder is considered to be the United States for purposes of the rule governing 
foreign currency transactions. 
Floating Rate Amendments 
As described in Condition 6.7, the interest rate payable on a Floating Rate Note might be subject to change after a 
Benchmark Event (such change, a “Base Rate Modification”). It is possible that a Base Rate Modification will be treated as a 
deemed exchange of such Notes for new securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which might be a taxable event for 
U.S. holders and might also affect the calculation of OID. U.S. Holders of Floating Rate Notes should consult with their tax 
advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Base Rate Modification. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns may be filed with the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) of the United States of America 
(unless the U.S. Holder establishes, if requested to do so, that it is an exempt recipient) in connection with payments on the 
Notes and the proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of Notes. If information reports are required to be made, 
then a U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding if it fails to provide its taxpayer identification number or to 
establish that it is exempt from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup 
withholding imposed upon a payment will be allowed as a credit against any U.S. federal income tax liability of a U.S. Holder 
and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding any filing and reporting obligations they might have 
as a result of their acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
Reportable Transaction Reporting 
Under certain U.S. Treasury regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in “reportable transactions” (as defined in the 
regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886. Under the relevant 
rules, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if 
this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possible 
obligation to file IRS Form 8886 with respect to the ownership or disposition of the Notes, or any related transaction, including 
(without limitation) any non-U.S. currency received as interest or as proceeds from the sale, exchange, retirement or other 
disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 304 ---
285 
Medicare Tax 
Certain U.S. Holders who are individuals, estates or non-exempt trusts must pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among 
other things, interest on and capital gains from the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of Notes. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of this tax on their investment in the Notes. 
Certain Turkish Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain Turkish tax considerations relating to an investment in the Notes 
by a Person who is a non-resident of Türkiye. References to “resident” in this section refer to tax residents of Türkiye and 
references to “non-resident” in this section refer to Persons who are not tax resident in Türkiye. 
The discussion is based upon current law and is for general information only. The discussion below is not intended 
to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes that 
may be relevant to a decision to make an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, the discussion only relates to the investment 
by a Person in the Notes where the Notes will not be held in connection with the conduct of a trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Türkiye. Each investor should consult its own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations 
applicable to its particular situation. This discussion is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with a retroactive effect. In addition, it does not 
describe any tax consequences: (a) arising under the laws of any taxing jurisdiction other than Türkiye or (b) applicable to a 
resident of Türkiye or a permanent establishment in Türkiye resulting either from the existence of a fixed place of business 
or appointment of a permanent representative. 
For Turkish tax purposes, a legal entity is a resident of Türkiye if its corporate domicile is in Türkiye or its effective 
place of management is in Türkiye. A resident legal entity is subject to Turkish taxes on its worldwide income, whereas a 
non-resident legal entity is only liable for Turkish taxes on its trading income made through a permanent establishment or on 
income otherwise sourced in Türkiye. 
An individual is a resident of Türkiye if such individual has established domicile in Türkiye or stays in Türkiye more 
than six months in a calendar year. On the other hand, foreign individuals who stay in Türkiye for six months or more for a 
specific job or business or particular purposes that are specified in the Turkish Income Tax Law might not be treated as a 
resident of Türkiye depending upon the characteristics of their stay. A resident individual is liable for Turkish taxes on his or 
her worldwide income, whereas a non-resident individual is only liable for Turkish taxes on income sourced in Türkiye. 
Income from capital investment is sourced in Türkiye when the principal is invested in Türkiye. Capital gain derived 
from trading income is considered sourced in Türkiye when the activity or transaction generating such income is performed 
or accounted for in Türkiye. The term “accounted for” means that a payment is made in Türkiye, or if the payment is made 
abroad, it is recorded in the books in Türkiye or apportioned from the profits of the payer or the Person on whose behalf the 
payment is made in Türkiye. 
Any withholding tax levied on income derived by a non-resident is the final tax for such non-resident and no further 
declaration is required. Any other income of a non-resident sourced in Türkiye that has not been subject to withholding tax 
will be subject to taxation through declaration where treaty relief and exemptions are reserved. 
Interest paid on debt instruments (such as the Notes) issued abroad by a resident corporation is subject to withholding 
tax as regulated through the Tax Decrees. The withholding tax rates are set according to the original maturity of notes issued 
abroad by resident corporations as follows: 
(a) 7% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of less than one year, 
(b) 3% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of at least one year and less than three 
years, and 
(c) 0% withholding tax for debt instruments with an original maturity of three years or more. 
Interest income derived by a resident corporation or resident individual is subject to further declaration and the 
withholding tax paid can be credited against the income tax calculated on the tax return. For resident individuals, the entire 
amount is required to be declared as taxable income if the interest income derived exceeds TL 150,000 (for the income derived 
in 2023) together with the income from other marketable securities, rental income from immovable property and salaries

--- Page 305 ---
286 
(except for salaries referred to under Article 86/1 of the Turkish Income Tax Law); provided that they were all subjected to 
income taxation through withholding. For resident corporations, interest income at any amount is subject to declaration. 
In general, capital gains are not taxed through withholding tax and therefore any capital gain sourced in Türkiye with 
respect to the Notes may be subject to declaration; however, pursuant to Provisional Article 67 (which is effective until 
31 December 2025) of the Turkish Income Tax Law, as amended by laws numbered 6111, 6555 and 7256, special or separate 
tax returns will not be submitted for capital gains from the notes of a resident corporation issued abroad when the income is 
derived by a non-resident. Therefore, no tax is levied on non-residents in respect of capital gains from the Notes and no 
declaration is required. 
A non-resident holder will not be liable for Turkish estate, inheritance or similar tax with respect to its investment 
in the Notes, nor will it be liable for any Turkish stamp issue, registration or similar tax or duty relating thereto. 
Capital gains realised by a resident corporation or individual on the sale or redemption of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) are subject to income tax or corporate (income) tax declaration. The corporate income tax rate in Türkiye 
for 2023 is: (a) 25% for banks, financial leasing, factoring and financing companies, e-money and payment services 
institutions, authorised foreign exchange currency-related entities, asset management companies (varlık yönetim şirketleri), 
securities intermediaries and other capital markets institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and pension companies 
and (b) 20% for other corporate entities (the rate for individuals’ income tax ranges from 15% to 40% at progressive rates). 
Capital gains are, in principle, calculated in local currency terms and resident individuals’ acquisition costs can be increased 
at the Producer Price Index’s rate of increase for each month except for the month of discharge, so long as such index increased 
by at least 10%. 
Due to the February 2023 earthquakes in Kahramanmaraş, a one-time additional tax was (pursuant to amendments 
made by Law No. 7440 on the “Restructuring of Certain Receivables and Amending Some Laws” published in the Official 
Gazette on 12 March 2023) announced to be charged for fiscal years ending in 2022 to corporate taxpayers (other than the 
ones located in the provinces and districts affected by such earthquakes) that benefit from certain exemptions and deductions 
in the calculation of their corporate income tax. This additional tax amount varies from 5% to 10% depending upon the 
condition of the relevant taxpayer. 
Reduced Withholding Tax Rates 
Under current laws in Türkiye, interest payments on notes issued abroad by a resident corporation will be subject to 
a withholding tax at a rate between 7% and 0% (inclusive) in Türkiye, as detailed above. 
If a double taxation treaty is in effect between Türkiye and the country of which the holder of the notes is an income 
tax resident (in some cases, for example, pursuant to the treaties with the UK and the United States, the term “beneficial 
owner” is used) that provides for the application of a lower withholding tax rate than the local rate to be applied by the issuer 
corporation, then the lower rate may be applicable. For the application of withholding at a reduced rate that benefits from the 
provisions of a double tax treaty concluded between Türkiye and the country in which the investor is an income tax resident, 
an original copy of the certificate of residence signed by the competent authority is required, with a translated copy certified 
by a notary or the Turkish embassy in the relevant country, to verify that the investor is subject to taxation over its worldwide 
gains in the relevant country on the basis of resident taxpayer status, as a resident of such country to the related tax office 
directly or through the banks and intermediary institutions prior to the application of withholding. In the event the certificate 
of residence is not delivered prior to the application of withholding tax, then upon the subsequent delivery of the certificate 
of residence, a refund of the excess tax shall be granted pursuant to the provisions of the relevant double taxation treaty and 
the Turkish tax legislation. 
Value Added Tax 
Bond issuances and interest payments on bonds are exempt from Türkiye’s value added tax pursuant to 
Article 17/4(g) of the Value Added Tax Law (Law No. 3065), as amended pursuant to the Turkish Tax Bill Regarding 
Improvement of the Investment Environment (Law No. 6728) published in the Official Gazette dated 9 August 2016 and 
numbered 29796. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined in FATCA) (a “Foreign Financial Institution”) may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to payees who fail to meet certain

--- Page 306 ---
287 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a Foreign Financial Institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Türkiye) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, a Foreign Financial Institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or such IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as 
debt (or that are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date; however, if additional Notes (see Condition 17) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents might treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
might apply to their investment in the Notes. If any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on the Notes, then, in accordance with Condition 9.1, in no event will the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
Person be required to pay any Additional Amounts or other amounts in respect of the Notes (including on Coupons) for, or 
on account of, any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) that might apply in certain Member States of the EU (the 
“Participating Member States”); however, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. The Commission’s Proposal 
has very broad scope and might, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) 
in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to Persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution might be, or 
be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting 
with a Person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that is subject to the dealings 
is issued in a Participating Member State; however, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation among the Participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Participating Member States might decide to withdraw and additional Member States of the EU might 
decide to participate. Separately, certain members of the EU (including France, Italy and Spain) have introduced their own 
financial transaction taxes. Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT, other potentially applicable financial transaction taxes and their potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 307 ---
288 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may be acquired with assets of an 
“employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a “plan” as defined in and 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code and any entity deemed to hold “plan assets” of any of the foregoing (each a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), as well as by governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (collectively, with Benefit Plan 
Investors, referred to as “Plans”). Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit a Benefit Plan Investor from 
engaging in certain transactions with Persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the 
Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules might result in an excise 
tax or other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such Persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan 
Investor. In addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA to make investments 
that are prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. Governmental plans, certain church plans 
and non-U.S. plans are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA and the prohibited transaction 
provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; however, such Plans might be subject to any applicable 
state, local, other federal or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(“Similar Law”). 
An investment in the Notes by (or on behalf of) a Benefit Plan Investor could give rise to a prohibited transaction if 
the Bank, an Arranger, a Dealer, an Agent, the Listing Agent or any of their respective affiliates is or becomes a party in 
interest or a “disqualified person” with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor. Certain exemptions from the prohibited 
transaction rules could be applicable to the acquisition or holding of an investment in the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor 
depending upon the type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such investment and the 
relationship of the party in interest or “disqualified person” to the Benefit Plan Investor. Included among these exemptions 
are: Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for certain transactions between a Benefit Plan 
Investor and Persons who are parties in interest or “disqualified persons” solely by reason of providing services to the Benefit 
Plan Investor or being affiliated with such service providers; Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 96-23, 
regarding transactions effected by “in-house asset managers;” PTCE 95-60, regarding investments by insurance company 
general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding investments by bank collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding 
investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts; and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by “qualified 
professional asset managers.” Even if the conditions specified in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the 
relief provided by these exemptions might or might not cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions. There 
can be no assurance that any of these, or any other exemption, will be available with respect to any particular transaction 
involving the Notes, and prospective investors that are Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their legal advisors 
regarding the applicability of any such exemption. 
By acquiring a Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or 
transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) is deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that either: (a) it is 
not, and for so long as it holds the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not be, acquiring or holding a Note (or a beneficial 
interest therein) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is subject to Similar Law, or (b) the acquisition, 
holding and disposition of the Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Notes (or any interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor (and, if applicable, 
its fiduciary) will be further deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (a) none of the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor (and, if 
applicable, such fiduciary or other person investing the assets of such Benefit Plan Investor, “Fiduciary”) any recommendation 
or advice with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied thereon as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (b) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, the Agents or any of 
their respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA 
or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary in connection with such investment and (c) such 
Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating such investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes are advised to consult their advisors with respect to the matters discussed above 
and other applicable legal requirements.

--- Page 308 ---
289 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 18 July 2023 (such agreement as further 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”), agreed (or, when acceding thereto, 
will agree) with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein). The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any 
such agreement is subject to certain conditions, and any Dealer is entitled in certain circumstances to be released and 
discharged from such obligations prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction. In this situation, the issuance of the applicable Notes might not be 
completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in 
these circumstances. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes.” In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment, this update and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith, including 
liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments that the Dealers may be required to make because of those 
liabilities. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to purchase Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) under any agreement for the issue and purchase of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is subject to certain 
conditions. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, any Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) sold to one or more Dealer(s) as principal will be purchased by such Dealer(s) at a price as may be set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement less a percentage of the principal amount equal to a commission as agreed upon 
by the Issuer and such Dealer(s). After the initial offering of a Tranche of Notes, the offering price may be changed. 
Any offers and sales of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the United States may only be made by those 
Dealers or their respective affiliates that are registered broker-dealers under the Exchange Act or in accordance with 
Rule 15a-6 thereunder. 
One or more Dealer(s) participating in the offering of any Tranche of Notes might engage in transactions that 
stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant Notes (or beneficial interests therein) during and after 
the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such Person(s) might overallot or create a short position in the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) for their own account by selling more Notes (or beneficial interests therein) than have been sold to them by 
the Issuer. Such Person(s) might also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) in the open market. In addition, such Person(s) might stabilise or maintain the market price of an investment in the 
Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in the open market and might impose penalty bids, 
under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the 
Notes are reclaimed if Notes (or beneficial interests therein) previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in 
connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions might be to stabilise or maintain the 
market price of an investment in the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The 
imposition of a penalty bid might also affect the market price of an investment in the Notes to the extent that it discourages 
resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under English law, stabilisation activities may only be carried 
on by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or Persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited period 
following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors in the Notes who wish to trade interests in Notes on their trade date or otherwise before the applicable Issue 
Date should consult their own advisor. 
BBVA, one of the Dealers, is the controlling shareholder of the Bank as described in “-Ownership.” All or certain 
of the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which might include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, 
principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers, the Arrangers and/or certain of their respective 
affiliates might have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates from 
time to time for which they might have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other compensation. The Dealers, the 
Arrangers and/or certain of their respective affiliates might, from time to time, engage in transactions with, and perform 
advisory and other services for, the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of their business. Certain of the 
Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to the Issuer 
and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group.

--- Page 309 ---
290 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates 
might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In addition, 
certain of the Dealers, the Arrangers and/or their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer and/or any 
other member of the Group might from time to time hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or other members of the 
Group pursuant to their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions might adversely affect 
the trading price of an investment in the Notes. 
The Dealers, the Arrangers and their respective affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and/or instruments.

--- Page 310 ---
291 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, investors in the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making 
any purchase, offer, sale, resale, pledge or other transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Each purchaser and transferee (and if such purchaser or transferee is a Plan, then its fiduciary) of Registered Notes 
(or a beneficial interest therein) (other than a Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding 
it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or a Person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global 
Note to another or from global to definitive form (or vice versa) will be required to acknowledge, represent and warrant to 
and agree with the Issuer, and each Person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with a view to holding it in the 
form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and warranted to and agreed 
with the Issuer, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as 
defined therein): 
(a) that it is not an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) of the Bank and is not acting 
on the Bank’s behalf and it is either: (i) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
upon Rule 144A, (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered a duly executed IAI Investment Letter 
or (iii) not a U.S. person and is purchasing or acquiring the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) in a transaction 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, 
(b) that the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein) are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving 
a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and that such Notes (or a beneficial 
interest therein) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. federal 
or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except as set forth below, 
(c) that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Registered Global Note and is not a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein), it will do so, prior to the date that is one year (or such shorter period of time as permitted by 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereunder) after the later of the last Issue Date for 
such Notes and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes or beneficial 
interests, only: (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) to a Person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB 
purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, 
(iii) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of the United States and all other jurisdictions; such investor acknowledges that the Bank reserves the right 
prior to any offer, sale or other transfer of a Rule 144A Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein) pursuant to 
clause (iv) or (v) to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory 
to the Bank, 
(d) that it will give to each Person to whom it transfers a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) notice of any 
restrictions on the transfer of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) in this section, 
(e) that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) initially offered to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Note(s), that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act will be in the form of IAI 
Definitive Notes or one or more IAI Global Note(s) and that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) offered in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S 
Note(s), 
(f) that each Note issued pursuant to Rule 144A will bear a legend substantially in the following form (with, 
if in definitive form, appropriate revisions) unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE

--- Page 311 ---
292 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN): (a) REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT) PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER(S), 
(b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF 
ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF 
TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR 
PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES 
OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN 
AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE ISSUER WAS 
THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION 
COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) PURSUANT TO 
ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED THAT THE ISSUER 
SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO 
CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, 
CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) 
AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO 
THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE ISSUER AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.]

--- Page 312 ---
293 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH 
OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-
U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A 
NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(g) that each IAI Note will bear a legend in the following form (with, if an IAI Definitive Note, appropriate 
revisions) unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), EACH HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN): (a) REPRESENTS (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT) THAT IT IS AN 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3), OR (7) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTION, (b) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) 
ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, 
TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF SUCH SECURITIES EXCEPT 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF THE IAI INVESTMENT 
LETTER IT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE (OR 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR (OR SUCH 
SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR

--- Page 313 ---
294 
ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THEREUNDER) AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE 
FOR THE SERIES OF WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE 
ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE 
ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN: (i) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY 
AFFILIATE THEREOF, (ii) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (iii) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE 
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (iv) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (v) 
PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS; PROVIDED 
THAT THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR 
TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (iv) OR (v) ABOVE TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATIONS AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY 
TO THE ISSUER, AND (c) AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE) THAT IT WILL GIVE 
TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IS OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE BY THE 
ISSUER AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR 
RESALES OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN). 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH 
OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-
U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A

--- Page 314 ---
295 
NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(h) if it holds a Definitive Regulation S Registered Note or a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Registered 
Global Note, then if it should offer, resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or 
beneficial interest) prior to the expiration of a 40 day period after the later of the commencement of the offering to 
Persons other than distributors and the applicable Issue Date (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), it will do so 
only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB 
in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and 
it acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF: (a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS 
THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, 
ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
[FOR GLOBAL NOTES CLEARING THROUGH DTC: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST 
COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR 
REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED NOTE 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL NOTE OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY

--- Page 315 ---
296 
OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS 
MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, 
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND.] 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH 
OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-
U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A 
NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(i) if it holds a Definitive Bearer Note or a beneficial interest in a Bearer Global Note, then if it should offer, 
resell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose such Note (or beneficial interest) prior to the expiration 
of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, it will do so only: (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, and (ii) in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and it acknowledges that such Notes (with appropriate 
revisions) will bear a legend in the following form unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OF THE UNITED STATES 
OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE (AND BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE

--- Page 316 ---
297 
DISPOSED OF: (a) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS 
THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (b) EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ALL OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN), AGREES (OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO 
AGREE) ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) THAT NO OFFER, SALE, 
ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBRANCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL BE MADE TO A U.S. PERSON PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRATION OF A 40 DAY PERIOD AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
OFFERING TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS AND THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART. 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
IS A PLAN, THEN ITS FIDUCIARY) OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO, AND AGREE WITH, THE ISSUER THAT 
EITHER: (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE, ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF: (i) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (ii) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, (iii) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING OR (iv) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH 
OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-
U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (b) THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF 
THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A 
NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDER OF 
THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) SENT TO ITS REGISTERED ADDRESS (OR, 
FOR HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS, TO THE EXTENT FORWARDED TO THEM BY THE 
APPLICABLE CLEARING SYSTEM), TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE (OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN) 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR 
IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF (OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN), TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING UPON THE HOLDER HEREOF (AND HOLDERS 
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE (AND 
HOLDERS OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION HEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON).”, 
(j) that the Issuer, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees (or will be deemed to agree) that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it will promptly notify the 
Issuer and the applicable Dealer(s); and if it is acquiring any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) as a fiduciary or 
agent for one or more accounts it represents, that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account 
and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of 
each such account,

--- Page 317 ---
298 
(k) that: (i) either: (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not 
be, acquiring or holding such Note (or beneficial interest) with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that is 
subject to Similar Law or (B) the acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or a beneficial interest therein) 
will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code or a violation of Similar Law and (ii) if the applicable investor is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be further 
deemed to represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Issuer that: (A) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers, 
the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has provided such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary any 
recommendation or advice with respect to such investment nor has such Benefit Plan Investor or Fiduciary relied 
thereon as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, (B) none of the Issuer, the Dealers, 
the Arrangers, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates have acted or are otherwise undertaking to act as a 
fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code) to such Benefit Plan Investor or 
Fiduciary in connection with such investment and (C) such Benefit Plan investor or Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating such investment in the Notes, 
(l) if such investor purchases a Registered Note (or any beneficial interest therein), then it will also be 
deemed to acknowledge that the Registrar will not be required to accept for registration of transfer any Notes acquired 
by it except upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the Registrar that the restrictions set forth 
herein have been complied with, and 
(m) acknowledges that none of the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers, or any Person representing the Bank, 
the Arrangers or the Dealers, has made any representation to it with respect to the Bank or the offer or sale of any of 
the Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), other than the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplements hereto, which has been delivered to the investor and upon which such investor is relying in 
making its investment decision with respect to the Notes (or beneficial interests therein); it acknowledges that the 
Arrangers and the Dealers make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus; it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Bank and the applicable Notes 
as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase such Notes (or a beneficial interest therein), 
including an opportunity to ask questions of and request information from the Bank and the applicable Dealer(s). 
Institutional Accredited Investors who invest in IAI Notes offered and sold in the United States as part of their 
original issuance in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act are 
required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. An IAI Investment Letter will state, among other 
things, the following: 
(a) that the applicable Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and 
such other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision, 
(b) that such Institutional Accredited Investor understands that such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of 
the Securities Act, and that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and such Notes (including 
those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to reoffer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities 
Act, 
(c) that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes, 
(d) that it is an Institutional Accredited Investor and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any 
accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time, 
(e) that such Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for its 
own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which 
it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control, and

--- Page 318 ---
299 
(f) that, in the event that such Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein), it will acquire Notes (or beneficial interests therein) having a minimum purchase price of at least 
US$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) (or such other amount set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
Unless set forth in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement otherwise, no sale of Legended Notes (or a 
beneficial interest therein) in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$200,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, 
then each Person for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case 
of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, US$500,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes (in each case, or such other amount as may be set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
Pursuant to the BRSA decisions dated 6 May 2010 (No. 3665) and 30 September 2010 (No. 3875) and in accordance 
with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye: (a) may, in the secondary markets only, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, 
and (b) may, in both the primary and secondary markets, purchase or sell Notes (or beneficial interests therein) denominated 
in Turkish Lira in offshore transactions on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; provided that, for both clauses (a) and (b), 
such purchase or sale complies with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
Selling Restrictions 
Türkiye 
The Issuer has obtained the CMB Approval from the CMB and the BRSA Approval from the BRSA required for the 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. The maximum debt instrument amount that the Bank may issue under the Programme 
Approvals is the Approved Issuance Limit; provided that the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of debt instruments 
denominated in Turkish Lira issued by the Bank (whether under this approval or otherwise) may not exceed 
TL 50,000,000,000. It should be noted that, regardless of the outstanding Note amount, unless the Bank obtains new approvals 
from the BRSA and the CMB, the aggregate debt instrument amount to be issued under the Programme Approvals may not 
exceed the Approved Issuance Limit.  
Pursuant to the Programme Approvals, the offer, sale and issue of Notes under the Programme has been authorised 
and approved in accordance with Decree 32, the Banking Law, the Capital Markets Law or their respective related laws and 
the Debt Instruments Communiqué. In addition, Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may only be offered or sold outside of 
Türkiye in accordance with the Programme Approvals. The Notes issued under the Programme prior to the date of the CMB 
Approval were issued under previously existing CMB approvals. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the BRSA decision dated 6 May 2010 No. 3665, the BRSA decision 
dated 30 September 2010 No. 3875 and in accordance with Decree 32, residents of Türkiye may acquire Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) so long as they comply with the Turkish Purchase Requirements. 
To the extent (and in the form) required by applicable law, an approval from the CMB in respect of each Tranche of 
Notes is required to be obtained by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes. 
Monies paid for investments in the Notes are not protected by the insurance coverage provided by the SDIF. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any other federal securities law or the 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable local, state or federal laws. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.

--- Page 319 ---
300 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
In connection with any Regulation S Notes, each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that such Dealer will not offer, sell 
or deliver such Regulation S Notes (or beneficial interests therein): (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise 
until the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period other than in an offshore transaction to, or for the account 
or benefit of, Persons who are not U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other Person to whom it sells any 
Regulation S Notes (or beneficial interests therein) during the applicable Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes other than in offshore transactions to, 
or for the account or benefit of, Persons who are not U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Until the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of such Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) other than in an offshore transaction to a Person who is not a U.S. person by any distributor (whether or not 
participating in the offering) might violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers might arrange for the resale of Registered Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to QIBs pursuant to 
Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying 
upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. To permit compliance 
with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning 
of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Deed Poll to furnish, upon the request of a holder 
of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein), to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the 
Notes of the applicable Series remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of 
any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then such Dealer has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any EEA Retail Investor in the 
EEA, and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then, in relation to each Member State, such Dealer (with respect to such Notes) has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer 
of Notes to the public in that Member State at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any

--- Page 320 ---
301 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. Each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that if the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as: 
1. “Applicable,” then such Dealer has not offered, sold or otherwise made available (and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available) any of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any UK Retail Investor in the UK, 
and 
2. “Not Applicable,” then such Dealer (with respect to such Notes) has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in the UK at any time: 
(a) to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, 
(b) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes (which shall also 
include beneficial interests therein where applicable) means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions. Each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes that have a maturity of less than one year: (i) such Dealer is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer, 
(b) such Dealer has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) such Dealer has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that an offering by such Dealer of Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of

--- Page 321 ---
302 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended (a “Belgian Consumer”), and that: (a) it has not offered, sold 
or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) 
to any Belgian Consumer and (b) it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that neither such Dealer nor any of its affiliates has offered, sold or 
delivered or will offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to any Person for reoffering or resale, 
or redelivery, in any such case, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC and Taiwan) in contravention of any applicable laws as part of the initial distribution of the Notes (or 
beneficial interests therein). 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that such Dealer: 
(a) has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) except for Notes that are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than: (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances that do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or that do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O, 
and 
(b) has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) that are or are intended to be disposed of only to Persons outside Hong Kong or only 
to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent to and agree with, the Issuer that such Dealer has not offered or sold any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or 
caused the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes (or beneficial interests therein) or cause any Notes (or beneficial interest therein) to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of any Notes (or beneficial interests therein), whether directly or indirectly, to any Person in Singapore other than: 
(a) to an institutional investor (for the purposes of this section, as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 
of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (for the purposes of this section, as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a 
relevant person that is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor, or

--- Page 322 ---
303 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor, to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA, 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer, 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law, 
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” that will state the product 
classification of the applicable Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or 
any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that such Dealer will not offer or 
sell any Notes (or beneficial interests therein), directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Canada 
The Notes (and beneficial interests therein) may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors (as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)) and are permitted clients (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations). Any resale of the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable Canadian securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada might provide a Canadian investor with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment hereto) contains a misrepresentation; provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the investor within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the investor’s province or territory. The investor should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of its province or territory for particulars of these rights and/or consult with a legal advisor. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that, in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or

--- Page 323 ---
304 
invest in any Notes (or beneficial interests therein). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that the Notes (and 
beneficial interests therein) have not been and will not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, by such 
Dealer in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act, as amended (the “FinSA”) and 
no application has been or will be made to admit the Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or has been or will be filed with or approved by 
a Swiss review body pursuant to Article 52 of the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering of the Notes has 
been or will be filed by the Issuer or any Dealer with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority to admit such Notes to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented to and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent to and agree with, the Issuer that such Dealer will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with 
all laws in force related to securities in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes (or beneficial interests therein) under the laws in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes (or beneficial interests therein) may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 324 ---
305 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain matters relating to the issuance of Notes will be passed upon for the Bank by Mayer Brown LLP (or affiliates 
thereof) as to matters of English and United States law and by Çakmak Avukatlık Ortaklığı as to matters of Turkish law 
(excluding Turkish tax law). Certain matters of English and United States law will be passed upon for the Dealers by Allen & 
Overy LLP and certain matters of Turkish law will be passed upon for the Dealers by Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
(which will also pass upon matters of Turkish tax law).

--- Page 325 ---
306 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS AND SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Bank is a joint stock company organised under the laws of Türkiye (specifically, under the Banking Law). 
Certain of the directors and officers of the Bank named herein reside inside Türkiye and all or a significant portion of the 
assets of such persons might be, and substantially all of the assets of the Bank are, located in Türkiye. As a result, it might 
not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon such persons or the Bank outside Türkiye or to enforce against 
them in the courts of jurisdictions other than Türkiye any judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated upon the laws 
of such other jurisdictions. In order to enforce such judgments in Türkiye, investors should initiate enforcement proceedings 
before the competent Turkish courts. In accordance with Articles 50 to 59 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure 
Law (Law No. 5718), the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Türkiye unless: 
(a) there is in effect a treaty between such country and Türkiye providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
court judgments, 
(b) there is de facto enforcement in such country of judgments rendered by Turkish courts, or 
(c) there is a provision in the laws of such country that provides for the enforcement of judgments of Turkish 
courts. 
There is no treaty between Türkiye and either the United States or the UK providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments. 
There is no de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the United States or the State of New York, except that the courts of 
New York have rendered at least one judgment in the past confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the State of 
New York. Turkish courts have also rendered at least one judgment confirming de facto reciprocity between Türkiye and the 
UK; however, since de facto reciprocity is decided by the relevant court on a case-by-case basis, there is uncertainty as to the 
enforceability of court judgments obtained in the United States or the UK by Turkish courts. Moreover, there is uncertainty 
as to the ability of an investor to bring an original action in Türkiye based upon the U.S. federal or any other non-Turkish 
securities laws. 
In addition, the courts of Türkiye will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other 
than Türkiye if: 
(a) the defendant was not duly summoned or represented or the defendant’s fundamental procedural rights 
were not observed, 
(b) the judgment in question was rendered with respect to a matter within the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Türkiye, 
(c) the judgment is incompatible with a judgment of a court in Türkiye between the same parties and relating 
to the same issues or, as the case may be, with an earlier foreign judgment on the same issue and enforceable in 
Türkiye, 
(d) the judgment is not of a civil nature, 
(e) the judgment is clearly against public policy rules of Türkiye, 
(f) the judgment is not final and binding with no further recourse for appeal or similar revision process 
under the laws of the country where the judgment has been rendered, or 
(g) the judgment was rendered by a foreign court that has deemed itself competent even though it has no 
actual relationship with the parties or the subject matter at hand. 
In accordance with Article 48 of Türkiye’s International Private and Procedure Law (Law No. 5718), in any lawsuit, 
debt collection proceeding or action against the Bank in the Turkish courts, a foreign plaintiff might be required to deposit 
security for court costs (cautio judicatum solvi); provided that the court may in its discretion waive such requirement for 
security in the event that the plaintiff is considered to be: (a) a national of one of the contracting states of the Convention 
Relating to Civil Procedures signed at The Hague on 1 March 1954 (ratified by Türkiye by Law No. 1574), except for legal 
entities incorporated under the laws of such contracting states, or (b) a national of a state that has signed a bilateral treaty with 
Türkiye that is duly ratified and contains (inter alia) a waiver of the cautio judicatum solvi requirement on a reciprocal basis.

--- Page 326 ---
307 
If Turkish nationals do not deposit such a security in the country of the foreign plaintiff, then the relevant Turkish court may 
waive such requirement for security relying upon the de facto reciprocity. If the foreign plaintiff deposits such security and 
the proceeding ends in favour of such plaintiff, then such security will be returned to such plaintiff. 
Furthermore, any claim against the Bank that is denominated in a currency other than Turkish Lira would, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Bank, only be payable in Turkish Lira. The relevant exchange rate for determining the Turkish 
Lira-equivalent amount of any such claim would be the Central Bank’s exchange rate for the purchase of the relevant currency 
that is effective on the date the relevant court decides on bankruptcy of the Bank in accordance with the laws of Türkiye. 
In connection with any Proceedings in England, service of process may be made upon the Bank at the offices of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited (with a current address of Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, 
England). This does not affect any other method of service allowed by law.

--- Page 327 ---
308 
OTHER GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The most recent update of the Programme and the further issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board dated 18 January 2023. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5493002XSS7K7RHN1V37. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus and by Euronext Dublin 
as listing particulars. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued within one year after the date hereof to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or, in relation to Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year, GEM. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. It is expected that each Tranche 
of Notes that is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or, as the case may be, GEM will 
be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Notes initially representing the Notes of 
such Tranche; however, no assurance can be given that any such admission will occur. If a Tranche of Notes is to be listed by 
the Issuer on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange, then any information required by such exchange to be in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will be included therein. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Bank in connection 
with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market 
or GEM. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus (or, if any Notes issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin (or any other regulated market in the EEA) and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (or any other regulated market in the EEA) or GEM, for such longer 
period as such Notes remain so listed and admitted), the following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected at the 
registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) the articles of association (with a certified English translation thereof) of the Issuer, 
(b) the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein or, when published, copies of the latest 
audited annual and unaudited interim financial statements of the Bank (in English) delivered by the Bank pursuant 
to Condition 5.3 (for the purpose of clarification, such financial statements are not, and shall not be deemed to be, 
included in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus except to the extent so incorporated by a 
supplement hereto), 
(c) the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Global Notes 
and the Definitive Notes), 
(d) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and 
(e) any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Base Prospectus, 
Final Terms and Pricing Supplements and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (except 
that a Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to a Note that is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances in which a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
In addition, for such period, copies of the documents described in clauses (a) through (e) are (or, as applicable, are 
expected to be) available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website (as of the date hereof, at:

--- Page 328 ---
309 
https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/debt-information/year-list/GMTN/48/472/0); provided that: (a) the articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.garantibbvainvestorrelations.com/en/corporate-
governance/detay/Articles-of-Association/103/434/0 and (b) with respect to such documents (or portions thereof) that are 
incorporated by reference herein, see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above. Each Final Terms and Pricing 
Supplement relating to Notes that are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or GEM will also be available on the 
Issuer’s website. Such website does not, and shall not be deemed to, constitute a part of, nor is incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (if any) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In addition, 
the Issuer may make an application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. To the 
extent applicable, the ISIN, Common Code, CUSIP, CINS, CFI Code and/or FISN for each Tranche of Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, then the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Scheduled payments on each Registered Note will be paid only to the Person in whose name such Registered Note 
was registered in the Register at the close of business on the applicable Record Date. With respect to Notes represented by a 
Global Note on a Record Date, this thus means that payment will be made by (on or behalf of) the Issuer to the applicable 
Clearing System (or its nominee) and, as a result, each holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note should consider that 
such Clearing System might credit the account of its applicable direct participant(s) only after receipt of payment from the 
Issuer (including potentially applying such credits on a later day) and/or might use a different application process (such as 
a record date that differs from the Record Date), which payment such direct participants might themselves only credit to the 
account of their own customers as per their own timing and other procedures (and so on through any indirect participant(s) 
until the ultimate investor’s account is credited with funds). Payments by Clearing Systems to their direct participants and 
then by such direct participants (and indirect participants) to their own customers will be governed by standing instructions 
and customary practices and will be the responsibility of the Clearing Systems and such participants and not of the Issuer. For 
example, notwithstanding the Record Date established in the Conditions for any Series of Registered Notes, the Issuer has 
been advised by DTC that, through DTC’s accounting and payment procedures, DTC will, in accordance with its customary 
procedures, credit payments received by DTC on any payment date based upon DTC’s Direct Participants’ holdings of 
beneficial interests in the Notes on the close of business on the New York Business Day immediately preceding each such 
payment date (and Direct Participants and Indirect Participants are expected to credit such amounts to the accounts of DTC 
Beneficial Owners, which credits will be made pursuant to such Participants’ procedures). A “New York Business Day” for 
these purposes is a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in New York City, 
New York are authorised or required by law or executive order to close. 
As of the date hereof: (a) the address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, (b) the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg and (c) the address of DTC is Depositary Trust Company, 55 Water Street, New York City, New York 10041, 
United States of America. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more Dealer(s), the price and amount of such Notes 
(or beneficial interests therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. For Notes (or beneficial interests therein) to be issued to one or more investor(s) purchasing 
such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) directly from the Issuer, the price and amount of such Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein) will be determined by the Issuer and such investor(s). 
No Material Adverse Change or Significant Change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer hereby confirms that, other than to the extent described in “Risk 
Factors - Risks Relating to Türkiye” and “Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the Group and its Business,” there has been: (a) no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited BRSA Financial Statements, 
(b) no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA 
Financial Statements have been published to the date of this Base Prospectus and (c) no significant change in the financial 
position of the Group since the end of the last financial period for which BRSA Financial Statements have been published.

--- Page 329 ---
310 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, such date and period ends are 31 December 2022 for clause (a) and 31 March 2023 for 
clauses (b) and (c). 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that might have or in such period had significant effects on the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Except with respect to the fees to be paid to the Arrangers and Dealers, as far as the Bank is aware, no natural or 
legal person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue of 
the Notes. It should be noted that BBVA, one of the Dealers, is the controlling shareholder of the Bank (see “Ownership”). 
Independent Auditors 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, which are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, have been audited by EY, the Group’s independent auditors for such year, in accordance 
with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Standards on Auditing 
published by the POA as stated in the respective audit report included therein. 
The BRSA Annual Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG, the Group’s independent auditors for such year, in 
accordance with the Turkish Auditor Regulation and Standards on Independent Auditing that are part of the Turkish Standards 
on Auditing published by the POA as stated in the respective audit report included therein. 
The BRSA Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, have been 
reviewed by independent auditors EY as stated in the respective review report included therein. EY’s review report included 
within each of the BRSA Interim Financial Statements notes that: (a) a review of interim financial information: (i) consists of 
making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial reporting process, and applying analytical and other review 
procedures and (ii) is substantially less in scope than an independent audit performed in accordance with independent auditing 
standards and (b) it does not express an opinion. Accordingly, the degree of reliance upon their reports on such information 
should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
EY, independent auditors and independent certified public accountants in Türkiye, is authorised by the BRSA to 
conduct independent audits of banks in Türkiye. EY is located at Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Cad. Orjin Plaza No:27 
Kat: 2-3-4, Daire: 54-57-59, 34485 Sarıyer, İstanbul, Türkiye. 
KPMG, independent auditors and independent certified public accountants in Türkiye, is authorised by the BRSA to 
conduct independent audits of banks in Türkiye. KPMG is located at İş Kuleleri Kule 3 Kat 2-9, Levent, Beşiktaş, 34330, 
İstanbul, Türkiye. 
Each of the EY and KPMG reports included in the BRSA Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein 
contains a qualification (see “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group and its Business – Other Group-Related Risks – 
Audit Qualification” for further information). 
Material Contracts 
The Bank has not entered into any material contract outside the ordinary course of its business that could result in 
the Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to investors in respect 
of the Notes. 
Dealers and Arrangers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and might in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer’s affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 330 ---
311 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
might make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities might involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Arrangers, 
the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a credit relationship with the Issuer might from time to time hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions that consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions 
might adversely affect future trading prices of an investment in the Notes. The Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates might also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and might hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 331 ---
312 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$  ................................................................................. xiii 
£  ................................................................................. xiii 
€  ................................................................................. xiii 
Accrual Period ............................................................. 247 
accrued OID ................................................................. 282 
Additional Amounts ........................................................ 6 
adjusted issue price ...................................................... 282 
Adjustment Spread ...................................................... 252 
Affiliate........................................................................ 231 
Affiliate Transaction .................................................... 230 
Agency Agreement ...................................................... 225 
Agents .......................................................................... 226 
AKP ............................................................................... 10 
ALCO .......................................................................... 131 
ALM ............................................................................ 131 
Alternative Rate ........................................................... 253 
Amortised Face Amount .............................................. 268 
APM ...............................................................................xi 
Applicable Exchange Rate ........................................... 262 
Approved Issuance Limit ............................................... iii 
Arranger ........................................................................... 3 
ATMs ............................................................................... 1 
Bank ......................................................................... Cover 
Banking Law ................................................................. iii 
Banks Association of Türkiye ...................................... xiv 
Base Prospectus ....................................................... Cover 
Basel Committee.......................................................... 173 
BBVA .............................................................................. 2 
BBVA Group ................................................................. 33 
Bearer Global Note ...................................................... 199 
Bearer Notes ............................................................ Cover 
Benchmark ................................................................... 255 
Benchmark Administrator ............................................... v 
Benchmark Event ........................................................ 253 
Benchmark Replacement ............................................. 256 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ......................... 256 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes .......... 256 
Benchmark Replacement Date .................................... 256 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................................... v 
Benefit Plan Investor ................................................... 288 
BIST TLREF Index ..................................................... 244 
BKM ............................................................................ 128 
Board ........................................................................... 148 
Borsa İstanbul .................................................................ix 
BRSA .............................................................................. ii 
BRSA Annual Financial Statements ...............................ix 
BRSA Approval ............................................................. iii 
BRSA Decisions on the Countercyclical 
     Capital Buffer ........................................................... 19 
BRSA Financial Statements ...........................................ix 
BRSA Principles .............................................................ix 
Business Day ............................................................... 257 
CAGR .......................................................................... 164 
Capital Adequacy Regulation ....................................... 19 
Capital Markets Law ............................................... Cover 
cash loans......................................................................... 1 
Central Bank ................................................................. xiv 
Central Registry İstanbul ................................................iv 
Classification of Loans and Provisions Regulation ...... 20 
Clearing Systems ........................................................... 45 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................................. 45 
CMB ........................................................................ Cover 
CMB Approval .............................................................. iii 
CMP Regulations 2018 ................................................ 204 
CNH HIBOR ............................................................... 258 
Code ................................................................................vi 
Commercial Cash Loan Reserve Requirement .............. 64 
Commission’s Proposal ............................................... 287 
Common Depositary ...................................................... 45 
Common Safekeeper ...................................................... 45 
Communiqué Regarding Reserve Requirements ......... 180 
Competition Board ........................................................ 21 
Compounded Daily SONIA ......................................... 236 
Conditions...................................................................... 33 
Corporate Governance Communiqué .......................... 148 
Corresponding Tenor ................................................... 257 
Couponholder .............................................................. 225 
Coupons ....................................................................... 225 
Covered Bond .............................................................. 229 
CPDI ............................................................................ 282 
CPI ................................................................................. 18 
CRM ............................................................................ 126 
Custodian ..................................................................... 279 
Day Count Fraction ..................................................... 247 
DCs .................................................................................. 1 
Dealer ...................................................................... Cover 
Debt Instruments Communiqué ..................................... iii 
Decree 32 ....................................................................... iii 
Deed of Covenant ........................................................ 226 
Deed Poll ...................................................................... vii 
Defined Benefit Fund .................................................. 159 
Definitive Bearer Notes ............................................... 225 
Definitive Note ............................................................ 200 
Definitive Notes ........................................................... 225 
Definitive Registered Notes ......................................... 225 
Denizbank .................................................................... 164 
Designated Account ..................................................... 259 
Designated Bank .......................................................... 259 
Determination Period ................................................... 248 
Direct Participants ....................................................... 276 
Direct Recourse Securities ........................................... 229 
Directors ...................................................................... 149 
Discount Note .............................................................. 281 
Distribution Compliance Period .................................. 295 
distributor .......................................................................iv 
Doğuş Holding ............................................................. 123 
Double Tax Treaty ....................................................... 281 
D-SIBs ........................................................................... 19 
D-SIBs Regulation ........................................................ 19 
DTC ................................................................................. 4 
DTC Beneficial Owners .............................................. 276 
DTC Notes ................................................................... 276

--- Page 332 ---
313 
DTC Rules ................................................................... 276 
EaR .............................................................................. 144 
Early Redemption Amount .......................................... 267 
ECAP ........................................................................... 144 
ECB .............................................................................. xiv 
ECL ............................................................................... 65 
EEA ......................................................................... Cover 
EEA Retail Investor ...................................................... vii 
Eligible Green Projects .................................................. 52 
Eligible Loans ................................................................ 51 
Eligible Social Projects .................................................. 52 
Eligible Sustainability Projects ...................................... 52 
Equity Regulation .......................................................... 19 
ERISA ............................................................................. 8 
ESMA .............................................................................. v 
ESMA Guidelines ...........................................................xi 
EU ............................................................................ Cover 
EU CRA Regulation ...................................................... 49 
EURIBOR.................................................................... 257 
euro .............................................................................. xiii 
Euroclear........................................................................ 45 
Euronext Dublin ...................................................... Cover 
EUWA .......................................................................... vii 
EVE ............................................................................. 144 
Event of Default........................................................... 270 
Exchange Act ................................................................ vii 
Exchange Agent ........................................................... 225 
Exchange Date ............................................................. 199 
Exchange Event ........................................................... 200 
Executives.................................................................... 152 
EY .................................................................................... x 
FATCA ........................................................................ 258 
FATCA Withholding Tax ............................................ 258 
FATF ............................................................................. 32 
Final Terms .............................................................. Cover 
Fiscal Agent ................................................................. 225 
Fitch ......................................................................... Cover 
Fixed Rate Notes ............................................................. 5 
Floating Rate Notes ......................................................... 5 
Foreign Financial Institution........................................ 286 
Foreign Passthru Payments .......................................... 286 
Framework Agreement ................................................ 195 
FSMA ........................................................................... vii 
FTT .............................................................................. 287 
G Netherlands .............................................................. 135 
Garanti Asset Management.......................................... 136 
Garanti BBVA Factoring ............................................. 135 
Garanti BBVA Fleet .................................................... 134 
Garanti BBVA Pension and Life ................................. 134 
Garanti BBVA Romania .................................................. 1 
Garanti BBVA Securities ............................................ 135 
Garanti BBVA Technology ......................................... 133 
Garanti Leasing ........................................................... 134 
Garanti Mortgage ........................................................... 21 
GBI .................................................................................. 1 
GDP ............................................................................... 12 
GEAM ......................................................................... 123 
GEM ........................................................................ Cover 
Global Note ................................................................... 48 
GNBV .......................................................................... 134 
Governmental Authority .............................................. 264 
GPS ................................................................................ 21 
Green Bonds .................................................................. 51 
Group ............................................................................ xiv 
Halkbank........................................................................ 11 
HIBOR ......................................................................... 257 
holder ........................................................................... 225 
Hong Kong ..................................................................... ii 
IAI Definitive Note ...................................................... 201 
IAI Global Note ........................................................... 200 
IAI Investment Letter .....................................................vi 
IAI Notes ..................................................................... 201 
IAS 29 .............................................................................. x 
ICAAP ......................................................................... 145 
ICAAP Report ............................................................. 144 
IFRS ................................................................................. x 
IFRS Financial Statements .............................................. x 
IGAs ............................................................................ 287 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money.............................. 271 
Independent Advisor .................................................... 253 
Indirect Participants ..................................................... 276 
Institutional Accredited Investors ...................................vi 
Insurance Distribution Directive ................................... vii 
Interest Amount ........................................................... 257 
Interest Commencement Date ...................................... 257 
Interest Payment Date .................................................. 233 
Interest Period .............................................................. 257 
Interest Rate ................................................................... 34 
Investor Put .................................................................. 266 
Investor’s Currency ....................................................... 49 
IRS ............................................................................... 284 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment.......................................... 257 
ISDA Fallback Rate ..................................................... 257 
ISDA Rate ................................................................... 233 
ISIS ................................................................................ 11 
Issue Date ................................................................ Cover 
Issue Price ........................................................................ 5 
Issuer ....................................................................... Cover 
Issuer Call .................................................................... 266 
IT ................................................................................... 31 
JCR Eurasia ............................................................. Cover 
KGF ............................................................................... 24 
Koç Holding ................................................................ 123 
KPMG ............................................................................. x 
law ................................................................................ xiv 
Legended Notes ..............................................................vi 
Lira Amount ................................................................ 262 
London Banking Day ................................................... 237 
London Business Day .................................................. 247 
Long Maturity Note ..................................................... 259 
MAS ............................................................................ viii 
Material Subsidiary...................................................... 231 
Maturity Date ................................................................. 34 
Member State ........................................................... Cover

--- Page 333 ---
314 
MiFID II .................................................................. Cover 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................................iv 
Moody’s ................................................................... Cover 
Motoractive .................................................................. 135 
NGN ............................................................................ 199 
NIBOR ......................................................................... 257 
NII ............................................................................... 144 
Noteholder ................................................................... 225 
Notes ........................................................................ Cover 
NPLs ............................................................................ xiii 
NSS .............................................................................. 201 
Observation Look-Back Period ................................... 237 
Observation Period ...................................................... 237 
OECD ............................................................................ 32 
OFAC ............................................................................ 48 
Official List ............................................................. Cover 
OID .............................................................................. 281 
Optional Redemption Date .......................................... 266 
Participants .................................................................. 276 
Participating Member States ........................................ 287 
Paying Agents .............................................................. 225 
Payment Business Day ................................................ 260 
Payment Business Day Convention ............................. 261 
PBoC ............................................................................. 44 
Permanent Bearer Global Note .................................... 199 
Permitted Business ...................................................... 232 
Person .......................................................................... 232 
PKK ............................................................................... 12 
Plans ............................................................................ 288 
POA ................................................................................ix 
POS ................................................................................ 20 
PRC ................................................................................ ii 
PRC Government ........................................................... 44 
PRIBOR ....................................................................... 257 
Pricing Supplement.................................................. Cover 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................................ vii 
Proceedings .................................................................. 275 
Programme .............................................................. Cover 
Programme Agreement ................................................ 289 
Programme Approvals ................................................... iii 
Prospectus Regulation ............................................. Cover 
PTCE ........................................................................... 288 
Put Notice .................................................................... 267 
QIBs ......................................................................... Cover 
qualified stated interest ................................................ 281 
Ralfi ............................................................................. 135 
Rate Calculation Business Day .................................... 264 
Rate Calculation Date .................................................. 264 
Rating Agencies ....................................................... Cover 
RCAP ........................................................................... 173 
Record Date ................................................................. 259 
Redeemed Notes .......................................................... 266 
Reference Rate ............................................................. 257 
Reference Time............................................................ 257 
Register of Administrators ............................................... v 
Registered Global Note ............................................... 201 
Registered Notes ...................................................... Cover 
Registrar ...................................................................... 225 
Regulated Market ............................................................ 1 
Regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratios ..................... 20 
Regulation on the Maintenance of Securities ................ 20 
Regulation S ............................................................ Cover 
Regulation S Notes ...................................................... 200 
Regulation S Registered Global Note .......................... 200 
Regulation S Registered Note ...................................... 200 
Regulatory Capital Communiqué ................................ 179 
Relevant Date .............................................................. 269 
Relevant Governmental Body ...................................... 257 
Relevant Indebtedness ................................................. 230 
Relevant Jurisdiction ................................................... 269 
Relevant Payment Date ............................................... 261 
Relevant Period ........................................................... 258 
Renminbi ..................................................................... xiii 
Renminbi Notes ............................................................. 44 
RMB ............................................................................ xiii 
RMB Clearing Banks ..................................................... 44 
RMB Currency Event .................................................. 264 
RMB Illiquidity ........................................................... 265 
RMB Inconvertibility .................................................. 265 
RMB Non-Transferability ........................................... 265 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) .......................................... 264 
ROBOR ....................................................................... 257 
Rule 144A ................................................................ Cover 
Rule 144A Global Note ............................................... 201 
S&P ............................................................................... 94 
Sabancı Holding .......................................................... 123 
Sanction Targets ............................................................ 48 
SDG Bond Framework .................................................. 51 
SDIF ...............................................................................iv 
SDNs ............................................................................. 48 
SEC ................................................................................. ii 
Securities Act ........................................................... Cover 
Security Interest ........................................................... 229 
Series ........................................................................... 226 
Settlement Agreements .................................................. 44 
SFA .............................................................................. viii 
SFO .............................................................................. 302 
SIBOR ......................................................................... 257 
Similar Law ................................................................. 288 
SLS .............................................................................. 137 
Social Bonds .................................................................. 51 
SOFR ........................................................................... 240 
SONIA ........................................................................... 40 
SONIA Reference Rate ............................................... 237 
SOT ............................................................................. 137 
Specified Currency .......................................................... 4 
Specified Denomination ................................................ 48 
Specified Time ............................................................. 258 
Spot Rate ..................................................................... 265 
Stabilisation Manager .................................................. viii 
Sterling ........................................................................ xiii 
Sterling LIBOR ............................................................. 40 
Subsidiary .................................................................... 232 
sub-unit ........................................................................ 258

--- Page 334 ---
315 
Successor Rate ............................................................. 254 
Sustainability Bonds ...................................................... 51 
T2 System .................................................................... 257 
Talons .......................................................................... 225 
TAS 29 ............................................................................ x 
Tax Decrees ................................................................... 34 
Taxes ............................................................................... 6 
TEFRA C ......................................................................... 8 
TEFRA D......................................................................... 8 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ................................... 199 
Tender Offer .................................................................... 2 
TFRS ..............................................................................ix 
TFRS 15..........................................................................ix 
TFRS 16..........................................................................ix 
TFRS 9 ...........................................................................ix 
Tier 2 Conditions ......................................................... 175 
TL ................................................................................ xiii 
TLREF ........................................................................... 41 
Tranche ........................................................................ 225 
Transfer Agents ........................................................... 225 
TRLIBOR ...................................................................... 41 
Turkish Auditor Regulation ............................................. x 
Turkish Lira ................................................................. xiii 
Turkish Purchase Requirements .....................................iv 
Turkish Treasury........................................................... xiv 
Türkiye .................................................................... Cover 
TurkStat ........................................................................ xiv 
U.S. .......................................................................... Cover 
U.S. dollars .................................................................. xiii 
U.S. Holder .................................................................. 280 
U.S. person .............................................................. Cover 
UK ........................................................................... Cover 
UK CRA Regulation ...................................................... 49 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...........................iv 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................................................. vii 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................................ vii 
UK Retail Investor ........................................................ vii 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .......................... 257 
United States ............................................................ Cover 
US$ .............................................................................. xiii 
USD Election Period ................................................... 261 
USD LIBOR .................................................................. 37 
USD Payment Election ................................................ 261 
Vakıfbank ...................................................................... 29 
VaR .............................................................................. 131 
VIOP ............................................................................ 136 
VRDI ........................................................................... 282 
WIBOR ........................................................................ 258 
Zero Coupon Notes .......................................................... 5 
Ziraat ............................................................................. 29

--- Page 335 ---
316 
APPENDIX A 
OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN IFRS AND THE BRSA PRINCIPLES 
The BRSA Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the BRSA Principles. The BRSA Principles, 
statements, communiqués and guidance differ from IFRS in some instances that might be material to the financial information 
herein. Such differences primarily relate to the format of presentation of financial statements, disclosure requirements (e.g., 
IFRS 7) and accounting policies. BRSA format and disclosure requirements are prescribed by relevant regulations and do not 
always conform to IFRS or IAS 34 standards. The following paragraphs contain a narrative description of differences between 
IFRS and the BRSA Principles as adopted by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
Similar differences with IFRS also exist in the accounting policies and disclosure requirements applied to 
consolidated subsidiaries, especially those providing life and non-life insurance services, which are subject to 
policies/requirements of the Turkish Treasury, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject to specific BRSA 
policies/requirements. 
Hyperinflationary Accounting 
Pursuant to TAS 29 and IAS 29, the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is that of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be adjusted for the effects of changes in a general price index. Neither TAS 29 nor IAS 29 
establishes an absolute rate when hyperinflation is deemed to arise, but rather each provides a series of non-exclusive 
guidelines as to when restatement of financial statements becomes necessary. These guidelines include, among other 
considerations, quantitative criteria based upon if the three-year cumulative inflation rate approaches or exceeds 100%. In 
March 2022, the International Practices Task Force of the Centre for Audit Quality, which monitors countries experiencing 
high inflation, categorised Türkiye as a country with a three-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100% as of 28 February 
2022. Accordingly, Turkish companies reporting under IFRS should apply IAS 29 to their financial statements for periods 
ending on and after 30 June 2022. 
With respect to TFRS, on 20 January 2022, the POA stated that businesses applying TFRS do not need to make any 
adjustments in their financial statements for 2021 within the scope of TAS 29. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
has been no further announcement by the POA regarding this issue and, as a result, inflation adjustments for such periods 
have not been applied on the BRSA Financial Statements. As a result, the BRSA Financial Statements that do not apply 
hyperinflationary accounting might differ materially from those applying hyperinflationary accounting in accordance with 
IAS 29. 
Presentation of Financial Statements 
There are differences in presentation of financial statements other than measurement differences described above. 
These differences can be briefly explained by mandatory financial statement line items in accordance with IAS 1, disclosure 
requirements of IFRS 7 or, where applicable, the disclosure requirements of other standards. BRSA Financial Statements 
(including the related notes) are presented under a special format determined by the BRSA. Similarly, balance sheet, statement 
of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows are presented using this specified 
format. The BRSA also requires a statement for off balance sheet items. These presentation differences might vary based 
upon the sector that the related consolidated subsidiary operates in, especially those providing life and non-life insurance 
services, which are subject to the Turkish Treasury policies/requirements, and factoring and leasing services, which are subject 
to specific BRSA policies/requirements. 
Basis for Consolidation 
Consolidation principles under the BRSA Principles and IFRS are based upon the concept of the power to control in 
determining whether a parent/subsidiary relationship exists and that consolidation is appropriate. Control is typically exhibited 
where an entity has the majority of the voting rights. 
Only financial sector subsidiaries are consolidated under the BRSA Principles, whereas other associates are 
accounted for using the equity method as defined in TAS 28 (“Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”). The BRSA 
Principles provides an exemption for consolidation based upon certain materiality criteria, whereas this is not applicable in 
the case of IFRS. Under IFRS, all subsidiaries are consolidated.

--- Page 336 ---
317 
Modified Financial Assets 
Following the implementation of IFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, the BRSA Principles regarding classification and 
measurement as well as expected credit loss principles applicable to financial instruments’ portfolios were aligned with IFRS; 
however, the BRSA made some amendments to the application of the relevant BRSA Principles through communiqués and 
other laws, which amendments resulted in some differences in terms of staging and expected credit loss calculations between 
the BRSA Principles and the application of IFRS. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, at each reporting date, an entity shall measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. If the contractual cash flows on a financial asset have been renegotiated or modified 
and the financial asset was not derecognised, then an entity shall assess whether there has been a significant increase in the 
credit risk of the financial instrument by comparing: 
(a) the risk of a default occurring at the reporting date (based upon the modified contractual terms), and 
(b) the risk of a default occurring at initial recognition (based upon the original, unmodified contractual 
terms). 
In accordance with the BRSA Principles, an entity can measure the loss allowance for the financial instrument of 
which contractual cash flows have been renegotiated or modified at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses 
without assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the financial instrument.

--- Page 337 ---
ISSUER 
Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş.
Levent Nispetiye Mahallesi
Aytar Caddesi No: 2
Beşiktaş 34340 İstanbul
Türkiye
ARRANGER
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street
London EC1A 1HQ
United Kingdom
DEALERS
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
10th Floor, Head Office
Ciudad BBVA
Sheikh Zayed Street
C/ Sauceda, 28
Abu Dhabi
Edificio Asia - 2nd Floor
United Arab Emirates
28050, Madrid
Spain
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
10 Harewood Avenue
Citigroup Centre
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
London NW1 6AA
Canada Square
60311 Frankfurt am Main
United Kingdom
Canary Wharf
Federal Republic of Germany
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC Bank plc
ING Bank N.V., London Branch
Plumtree Court
8 Canada Square
8-10 Moorgate
25 Shoe Lane
London E14 5HQ
London EC2R 6DA
London EC4A 4AU
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
Mashreqbank psc
Merrill Lynch International
25 Bank Street
Mashreqbank New Head Office
2 King Edward Street
Canary Wharf
Al Umniyati Street
London EC1A 1HQ
London E14 5JP
Burj Khalifa Community
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
P.O. Box 1250, Dubai
United Arab Emirates
Mizuho International plc
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Mizuho House
25 Cabot Square
Ropemaker Place
30 Old Bailey
Canary Wharf
25 Ropemaker Street
London EC4M 7AU
London E14 4QA
EC2Y 9AJ
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank
100 Liverpool Street
29, boulevard Haussmann
1 Basinghall Avenue
London EC2M 2AT
75009 Paris
London EC2V 5DD
United Kingdom
France
United Kingdom

--- Page 338 ---
FISCAL AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
160 Queen Victoria Street
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert
London EC4V 4LA
L-2453 Luxembourg
United Kingdom
Luxembourg
TRANSFER AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon
240 Greenwich Street Floor 7-E
New York, New York 10286
United States of America
LEGAL ADVISORS
To the Issuer as to English and United States law
To the Issuer as to Turkish law
Mayer Brown International LLP
Mayer Brown LLP
Çakmak Avukatlık Ortaklığı 
201 Bishopsgate
71 South Wacker Drive
Levazım Mah. Koru Sk. No: 2
London EC2M 3AF
Chicago, Illinois 60606
Zorlu Center, TD Lobisi, Daire 356
United Kingdom
United States of America
Beşiktaş İstanbul
Türkiye
To the Dealers as to English and United States law
To the Dealers as to Turkish law
Allen & Overy LLP
Allen & Overy LLP
Gedik Eraksoy Avukatlık Ortaklığı
One Bishops Square
32 rue François 1er.
River Plaza, Kat: 17
London E1 6AD
75008 Paris
Büyükdere Caddesi, Bahar Sokak No. 13
United Kingdom
France
TR-34394 Levent, İstanbul
 
 
Türkiye 
LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
FOR 2021 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
FROM 2022 
KPMG Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Güney Bağımsız Denetim ve Serbest Muhasebeci Mali 
Müşavirlik A.Ş. 
Müşavirlik A.Ş., a member firm of Ernst & Young Global 
Limited 
İş Kuleleri Kule 3 Kat 2-9
Maslak Mahallesi Eski Büyükdere Caddesi No: 27
Levent, Beşiktaş
Orjin Maslak Daire 54-57-59 Kat: 2-3-4
34330 İstanbul
34398 Sarıyer İstanbul
Türkiye
Türkiye