--- Page 1 ---
rlid? Inspired by patients.
Ld J I)riven by science.
UCBSA
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
as Issuer
EUR 5,000,000,000
Euro M edium Term Note Programme 
Due from one month from the date of original issue
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus”) relating to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme") of UCB Sf\, a limited liiiility company (sodete 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at Allee de la Recherche 60, B-1070 Brussels and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under 
number 0403.053.608 (“UCB", or the “ I ssuer") is valid, for the purpose of the admission to trading and listing of the Notes (as defined below) on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels 
or on another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued 
subject to theprovisionsset out herein. 
•
Under the Programme the Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes") as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The minimum Specified Denomination of Notes shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended, the “ Prospectus Regulation") on 18 October 2022 by the 
Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the“FSMA") in its capacity as competent authority in accordancewith Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation. TheFSMA only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the FVospectus Regulation. The approval by theFSMA should not beconsidered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted on Euronext Brussels' regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Brusselsisaregulated market for the purposes of Directive2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID"). However, 
unlisted Notes or Notes listed on another market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The rele/ant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify 
whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or on any other stock exchange. The requirement to publish a prospectus under 
the Fhospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other that in circumstaices where 
an exemption is a/a'lable under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Series (^defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notesf) of Notes will be set forth inafinal terms document 
(the “Final Termd’) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the regulated maket of Euronext Brussels, will befiledwith theFSMA. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed 
on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels will also be published on the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). The Notes shall be wholesale non-equity securities in the 
meaning of the Commission delegated regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 Mach 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securitiesae offered to the publicor admitted to trading on a regulated maket, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (hereinafter refared 
to as “ Commission delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980"). This Base Prospectus has been prepaed in accordancewith annexes VII and XV of the Commission delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980.
Each Saies (as defined in “Overview of the Programme-Method of Issue”) of Notes issued by UCB will be deaed through the deaing system opaated by the National Bank of Belgium or 
any successor thaeto (the “Securities Settlement System"). Such Notes will be issued in demataialised form. Among othas, Eurodea Bank SA/NV, asopaator of theEurodea System 
(“Eurodear"), Cleastream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("Clearstream, Frankfurt"), Euronext Securities Milan, Italy ("Euronext Securities Milan"), SIX SIS Ltd., Switzaland ("SIX SIS'), 
IntabolsaSA. (“Euronext Securities Porto"), Eurodea France SA (“ Eurodear France") and LuxCSD SA. (“LuxCSD”) maintain accounts in the Securities Settlement System (for a list 
of all the NBB-SSS partidpants, please refa to https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds).
The Issuer is not rated. The Programme is unrated.
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market.
Notes issued under this Programme constitute unsecured debt instruments By subscribing to the Notes, investors lend money to the I ssuer who undertakes to pay interest (if 
any) and to reimburse the prindpal amount on the maturity date. Incaseof bankruptcy or default by the I ssuer, investors may not recover the amountsthey are entitled to and 
risk losing all or a part of their investment. I nvesting in Notes issued under the Programme invdves certain risks and may not be a suitable investment for all investors Each 
prospective investor must carefully consider whether it issuitablefor that investor to invest in the Notesin light of its knowledge and financial experienceand should, if required, 
obtain professional advice. Prospective investors should read the Base Prospectus in its entirety and, in particular, the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk 
Factors!' before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Notes The date of this 
Base Prospectus is 18 October 2022. This Base Prospectus is valid until and including 18 October 2023 in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. The obligation to publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid".
Arranger
BNP PARI BAS
Barclays 
BBVA 
Belfius Bank 
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
Credit AgricoleCIB
Dealers
ICBC
ING
IMI - IntesaSanpaolo 
KBC Bank
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC
Wells Fargo Securities
EUI-1214169433V6
Sandrine Dufour 
Authorized signer

--- Page 2 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 3 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................10 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................41 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................44 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................80 
DESCRIPTION OF UCB ..................................................................................................................................82 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 114 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................124 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................129 
FORMS OF FINAL TERMS ..........................................................................................................................130 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................138

--- Page 3 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following Overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions”), in which event 
a new prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
UCB SA (“UCB”) a Belgian limited liability company 
(“naamloze vennootschap”/“société anonyme”) organised 
under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at 60 
Allée de la Recherche, 1070 Brussels, Belgium (telephone 
number: +32 2 559 99 99) and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank 
for 
Enterprises 
under 
enterprise 
number 
(“ondernemingsnummer”/“numéro 
d’entreprise”) 
0403.053.608 (RLE Brussels). 
LEI: 
2138008J191VLSGY5A09 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
principal known risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement (as defined in section “Subscription and 
sale”). 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Santander, S.A 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BBVA 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
BNP Paribas

--- Page 4 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
KBC Bank NV 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Listing and Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Belgium Branch 
The Notes will be issued pursuant to and with the benefit of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest, the date from which interest starts to accrue and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms 
(the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in dematerialised form. The Notes will be 
represented by a book-entry in the records of the clearing system

--- Page 5 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any 
successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). 
Clearing Systems: 
The Notes will be cleared through the Securities Settlement 
System. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
The Notes will be credited to the accounts held with the 
Securities Settlement System by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Frankfurt, Euronext Securities Milan, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securties Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD or other 
Securities Settlement System participants and their participants. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, 
Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling and in any other currency 
the Euro foreign exchange reference rate of which is published 
by the European Central Bank agreed between UCB and the 
relevant Dealers. The currency of the Notes will be fixed in part 
A, paragraph 3 of the relevant Final Terms. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes do not provide for a change of currency. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, each Note will have a maturity as specified in the 
relevant Final terms, provided that no Notes will be issued with 
a maturity of less than than one month. Pursuant to Article 7:62 
of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the maturity 
of the Notes may be perpetual. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms save that in the case of any Notes, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR or any other reference rate 
appearing on the relevant screen page, as set out in the Final 
Terms, as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may only be issued if the relevant Final 
Terms specify the “X-only Issuance” as “Applicable”.

--- Page 6 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the United Kingdom 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will contain a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 3. 
As a general rule, as long as any Note remains outstanding, the 
Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of the Material 
Subsidiaries will create or have outstanding a Security Interest 
upon or with respect to the whole or any part of its present or 
future business, undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any 
present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced 
by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other transferable debt

--- Page 7 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
securities (titres de créance négociables sur le marché des 
capitaux/schuldinstrumenten 
die 
op 
de 
kapitaalmarkt 
verhandelbaar zijn in the sense of Article 2, 31°, b) of the 
Belgian law of 2 August 2002 on the supervision of the financial 
sector and on the financial services), whether issued for cash or 
in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and which 
are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in 
or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The Notes will contain a cross-acceleration clause as described 
in Condition 9. 
A Note may be declared immediately due and repayable at its 
principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of payment if (i) any other present or future indebtedness of 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for or in respect of moneys 
borrowed becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
by reason of the occurrence of an event of default (howsoever 
described) thereunder, or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid 
when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace 
period, or within five Brussels business days of becoming due if 
a longer grace period is not applicable or (iii) the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, 
within any applicable grace period or within five Brussels 
business days if a longer grace period is not applicable, any 
amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, 
or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed (unless in any 
such case external legal advisers to the Issuer or the relevant 
Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, of recognised standing 
have advised that such indebtedness or other amount is not due 
and payable, and the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, 
as the case may be, is contesting such point in good faith), 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant financial 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one 
or more of the events mentioned above in foregoing clauses (i), 
(ii) and (iii) have occurred equals or exceeds €50,000,000 or its 
equivalent. 
Other events of default: 
 
In addition to a cross acceleration clause, the Notes will contain 
other events of defaults usual for programmes of this nature and 
described in Condition 9. 
Use of proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net 
proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer will be generally 
used for general corporate and financing purposes of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries. 
Ratings: 
The Issuer is unrated. The Programme is unrated. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes imposed by Belgium

--- Page 8 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received 
by it had no such withholding been required, subject to certain 
exceptions, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Taxation”. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Brussels (Belgium) are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out or in connection with the Notes may be 
brought in such courts. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references to 
listing shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including the 
United Kingdom), Japan, Hong Kong, and Taiwan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered or sold in the EEA to Retail Investors (as 
defined below). See “Subscription and Sale”. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered or sold in the United Kingdom to UK Retail 
Investors (as defined below). See “Subscription and Sale”. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the “Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumer” as “Applicable”, the Notes are not intended 
to 
be 
offered 
or 
sold 
in 
Belgium 
to 
consumers 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht/Code de droit économique). See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act, as amended. 
 
The Notes will be issued in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute “registration required obligations” under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the

--- Page 9 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 10 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
UCB believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which UCB believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider all of the information in this Base 
Prospectus, including the following specific risks and uncertainties. If any of the following risks materialise, 
the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely 
affected. In that event, the value of the Notes could decline and an investor might lose part or all of its investment 
due to an inability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. UCB believes that the factors described 
below represent the principal known risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but UCB 
may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons 
and additional risks and uncertainties relating to UCB that are not currently known to it, or that are either 
currently deemed immaterial, may individually or cumulatively affect UCB’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. Furthermore, before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, 
prospective investors should consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, auditor or other financial, 
legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider 
such an investment decision in light of the prospective investor’s own circumstances. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors within each 
category have been presented first according to an assessment made by the Issuer based on the probability of 
their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The exact order in which the remaining 
risk factors are presented is not necessarily indicative of the probability of those risks actually occurring or of 
the scope of any potential negative impact thereof. 
The following factors mainly relate to UCB and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “UCB Group”), as 
opposed to UCB taken individually. However, due to UCB’s position in the UCB Group as described in Part 4 
“Current Organisational Structure” of the Section “Description of UCB” of this Base Prospectus, UCB 
believes these risk factors are equally relevant to it. 
Factors that may affect UCB’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with Notes 
issued under the Programme  
Risks related to the issuer’s financial situation 
1 
The UCB Group’s inability to manage its sources of funding may adversely affect its business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The sources of funding of the UCB Group primarily consist of a EUR 1.0 billion committed syndicated credit 
facility due to mature in 2025 and other committed and non-committed bilateral credit facilities, bonds and 
loans. As at end of June 2022 no moneys were borrowed under the EUR 1.0 billion committed syndicated credit 
facility and no moneys were borrowed under the various other committed and uncommitted bilateral credit 
agreements.  
As at end of June 2022 the following bonds were outstanding:

--- Page 11 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
EUR 176 million senior unsecured bonds, with a coupon of 5.125 per cent., due October 2023, 
• 
EUR 150 million senior unsecured bonds, with a coupon of 1.000 per cent., due October 2027, 
• 
EUR 500 million senior unsecured bonds, with a coupon of 1.000 per cent., due March 2028. 
In addition, the UCB Group had also entered into the following loan agreements which were outstanding as at 
end of June 2022: 
• 
USD 2.07 billion bullet floating rate syndicated term loan maturing in 2025, entered into in connection 
with the acquisition of Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the “Ra Pharma Loan”) and of which USD 1,315 
million remained outstanding on 30 June 2022, 
• 
USD 800 million bullet floating rate syndicated term loan maturing in 2027, entered into in connection 
with the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc. (the “Zogenix Loan”) and of which USD 800 million remained 
outstanding on 30 June 2022. 
Figures relating to the borrowings and the bonds may be found respectively in note 3.25 (p. 32) and note 3.26 
(p. 33) of the condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of the UCB Group for the 6-month 
period ended 30 June 2022. The bonds and loan agreements listed above are outstanding at the level of UCB. 
There is no certainty of these instruments remaining to be available to the UCB Group in the future. Also, in 
the event that the UCB Group breaches any of its covenants or any other material term of its credit facilities 
and/or outstanding bonds, this could have a significant impact on the business of the UCB Group. At present 
UCB is not subject to any financial covenants as part of its EUR 1.0 billion committed syndicated credit facility, 
due to mature in 2025, nor to any financial covenants under other financial indebtedness. However, it may have 
to enter into new credit facilities and/or bonds or renegotiate the terms of the bonds and of the credit facilities 
upon or prior to their respective maturities on terms which may not be commercially desirable or inferior 
compared to current conditions. Furthermore, financial- or non-financial covenants might potentially be 
introduced in new or existing agreements. The UCB Group’s failure to comply with these covenants could 
result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the UCB Group being required to repay 
these borrowings before their due date. In addition, the financial position in terms of capital structure, leverage 
or cash flow (as described in risk factor “Insufficient generation of cash flow may result in unavailability of 
funding”) of the UCB Group at the time of refinancing and absence of a credit rating as well as changes in the 
general willingness of banks, bond investors or other financial parties to provide funding (such as has been 
observed during the COVID-19 crisis and the Russia-Ukraine conflict), may result in unavailability of adequate 
sources of funding. Either outcome may have a material adverse effect on the UCB Group’s business and results 
of operations. 
Figures relating to the gearing ratio and the other financial liabilities, amounting to EUR 112 million as per end 
December 2021, of the UCB Group may be found respectively in note 5.4 (p. 213) and note 31 (p. 244) of the 
consolidated audited annual financial statements of the UCB Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021. As at the end of June 2022, reflecting among other elements the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc. in March 
2022, the net debt reported by the UCB Group increased to EUR 2,502 million (compared to EUR 860 million 
per 31 December 2021) which has resulted in an increase of the gearing ratio to 22% (compared to 9% per 31 
December 2021). Other financial liabilities on 30 June 2022 amounted to EUR 369 million. 
Further information on cash and committed credit facilities available to the UCB Group as per end December 
2021 may be found respectively in note 5.3 (p. 212) of the consolidated audited annual financial statements of 
the UCB Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. At 30 June 2022, the UCB Group had the 
following sources of liquidity available: 
• 
cash and cash equivalents: EUR 515 million,

--- Page 12 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
unutilized revolving syndicated credit facilities: EUR 1 billion under the EUR 1 billion syndicated 
committed revolving credit facility of the UCB Group, maturing in 2025. 
• 
unutilized bilateral credit agreements:  
o 
EUR 350 million under a bilateral committed bullet loan agreement, with availability period until 
November 2023 and with maximum tenor of 8 years as from the date of drawing. The loan was 
fully undrawn on 30 June 2022, 
o 
EUR 34 million under a bilateral committed credit facility, linear digressive since 2016 until 2025. 
The facility was fully undrawn on 30 June 2022, 
2 
Risk related to the fact that UCB is a holding company with relatively small operating income 
and is hence largely dependent on distributions made by its subsidiaries  
UCB is a holding company whose primary activity is the holding and managing of participations in the UCB 
Group. UCB’s main source of cash inflow comes from the operating activities of the UCB Group. Accordingly, 
UCB’s ability to meet its financial obligations under the Notes will largely depend on the cash flows from the 
UCB Group and the dividends paid by its subsidiaries. If in the future UCB is unable to ensure the continued 
transfer of dividends or other income to it from these subsidiaries, its ability to meet its financial obligations 
under the Notes may be impaired. 
The list of the UCB companies (fully consolidated but excluding those affiliates acquired by the UCB Group 
pursuant to the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc. in March 2022) may be found in note 46 (p.266) of the consolidated 
audited annual financial statements of the UCB Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
3 
Insufficient generation of cash flow may result in unavailability of funding. 
The UCB Group’s ability to pay principal and interest on the Notes and on its other debt depends on its future 
operating performance. Future operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that 
often are beyond the UCB Group’s control. If the UCB Group’s cash flows and capital resources are insufficient 
to allow it to make scheduled payments on its debt, it may have to reduce or delay research and development, 
sell assets, seek additional capital or debt or restructure or refinance its debt. The UCB Group cannot assure 
that such measures would satisfy its scheduled debt service obligations. If the UCB Group were unable to make 
this repayment or otherwise refinance these borrowings, its lenders could foreclose on its assets. If the UCB 
Group were unable to refinance these borrowings on favorable terms, its business could be adversely impacted. 
Figures relating to UCB’s cash flows generated by operating activities, investing activities and financing 
activities for the financial years 2020 and 2021 and the six months’ periods ending 30 June 2022 and 30 June 
2021 may be found respectively in note 2.4 (p. 192) of the consolidated audited annual financial statements of 
the UCB Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and note 2.4 (p. 18) of the condensed 
consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of UCB for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2022. 
4 
The UCB Group’s international revenues and transactions, as well as its international asset 
portfolio, expose the UCB Group to foreign currency, interest rate and inflation risks. 
The UCB Group currently has a significant amount of its assets and liabilities, income and expenses outside the 
Eurozone, most importantly in the United States, United Kingdom, Switzerland and Japan, and is significantly 
exposed to transactions in U.S. dollars, Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs and Japanese Yen, as well as to certain 
emerging market currencies, either directly or indirectly. The instruments purchased to hedge transactional 
currency exposures are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs and Japanese Yen.

--- Page 13 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The UCB Group’s financial risk management policy is to hedge for the impact from the translation of foreign 
currency assets and liabilities into the functional currency of the relevant group subsidiaries, as well as the 
impact of currency fluctuations on the Group’s anticipated net foreign currency cash flows for a period of 
minimum 6 and maximum 26 months, provided that hedges can be obtained at an acceptable cost. For the six 
months’ period ending 30 June 2022 (respectively 12 months’ period ending 31 December 2021), the principal 
geographic markets of the UCB Group were: Europe with 27% (2021: 26%) of net sales, U.S. with 55% (2021 
53%) of net sales and international markets (including China and Japan) with 18% (2021 21%) of net sales. 
Since the financial statements of the UCB Group are prepared in Euro, the foreign currency transactions of the 
UCB Group and the financial statement items of its foreign operations that are included in the financial 
statements of the UCB Group for any financial period will be translated into Euro in accordance with the 
exchange rates to be applied pursuant to applicable accounting provisions. These translation effects may 
adversely expose the results of the UCB Group to fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Euro vis-à-vis the 
U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies. These translation effects could have a material adverse effect on the 
UCB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The UCB Group’s interest-bearing investments, loans and borrowings are also subject to risk from changes in 
foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The UCB Group may deploy certain financial risk management 
techniques to achieve a different net debt currency composition, particularly aiming to include or adjust the 
level of U.S. dollars debt, and to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate movements and interest rate 
movements on earnings, using both operational means and various financial instruments. These practices may 
however change as economic conditions change and the UCB Group may not at all times be able to achieve the 
desired debt currency composition. More specifically, from time to time, the UCB Group may enter into fixed-
rate or floating rate investments and borrowings in certain currencies, either directly or through such 
investments and borrowings in combination with derivative financial instruments, such as forwards, interest 
rate swaps, swap options and currency swaps.  
The UCB Group is exposed to an increase of interest rates that may trigger an increase of its financial expenses. 
The interest expense on portions of the financial indebtedness of the UCB Group has however been fixed, either 
through contracting fixed rate financial indebtedness, or by contracting derivatives with maturities up to 2027. 
As at 30 June 2022, the ratio of such fixed rate indebtedness compared to the nominal value of the relevant 
financial liabilities, was 27 per cent. before hedging operations and, also taking contracted hedges into 
consideration with effective date as from July 2022, 38 per cent. post hedging operations (of which 59 per cent, 
representing 22 per cent of the total nominal value, is fixed with a tenor of more than 1 year). The UCB Group 
monitors its hedging strategy on a regular basis, which may lead to increasing or decreasing hedge tenors or 
fixed rate indebtedness. Based on the amount of outstanding financial debt per 30 June 2022 that is subject to 
changes in interest rate (taking then outstanding interest rate hedges and already contracted hedges with 
effective date as from July 2022 into consideration) a further 1% increase of interest rates would result in an 
increase of interest expense by € 19 million per annum. 
Figures relating to the currency and interest rate risks may be found in note 5 (pages 210 to 217) of the 
consolidated audited annual financial statements of UCB for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Inflation impacts the financial position of the UCB Group at various levels and at different pace (e.g. salaries 
& benefits, travel & transport, energy & utilities, capex, etc.), and therefore the impact cannot be assessed in a 
precise quantifiable manner. See also the risks described under the risk factor “The pricing and reimbursement 
of UCB’s products is increasingly affected by decisions of governments and other third-parties as well as by 
cost reduction initiatives. Therefore, the UCB Group may not obtain acceptable price and reimbursement for 
its products.” with respect to limitations for UCB to offset the economic impact of inflation through price 
increases.

--- Page 14 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the UCB Group’s efforts to foresee and mitigate the effects of changes in economic conditions, 
the UCB Group cannot predict with certainty changes in currency and interest rates, inflation or other related 
factors affecting its business. Such change could have a material adverse effect on the UCB Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
5 
The UCB Group’s relatively high fixed costs base, as a proportion of its total costs, means that 
falls in revenue could have a significantly adverse effect on its profitability. 
The UCB Group has a relatively high fixed cost base as a proportion of its total costs, consisting primarily of 
costs of maintaining continued investment in the clinical development pipeline and related infrastructure, and 
the supply of products and equipment for the development of drugs. Within these and other categories, 
employee benefit expenses represent a major fixed cost basis in the near term. For the financial year 2021, 
employee benefits amounted to EUR 1,523 million, one third of total recurring operating expenses (including 
cost of goods sold) of EUR 4,459 million (for more information on UCB’s operating expenses and employee 
benefit expense, please refer to note 2.1 (page 189) and note 12 (page 223) of the UCB’s 2021 Annual Report). 
Therefore, a decrease in the UCB Group’s revenue is likely to have a disproportionately material adverse impact 
on the UCB Group’s profitability if the UCB Group is unable, in the short to medium term, to manage its costs 
and supply requirements substantially to mitigate the effect of any significant falls in revenue on profit. The 
UCB Group’s profitability is therefore likely to be more significantly negatively affected by decreases in 
revenue than would be the case for a company with a more flexible cost base. Such decreases in revenue could 
therefore have a material adverse effect on the UCB Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
6 
UCB Group could be required to increase contributions to its pension plans, thereby reducing 
financial resources to repay its financial liabilities or to invest in its business operations. 
The UCB Group’s funded pension plans have assets, mainly consisting of investments in equities and bonds. 
The value of these assets as well as the present value of the future benefit obligations are subject to market 
volatility. Would the UCB Group be required to make significantly increased contributions to its pension plans 
either because underfunding caused by an adverse financial market situation, or because of more stringent 
regulations applicable to such pension plans, cash flows available for other purposes including research and 
development could be significantly reduced. This could in turn adversely impact the UCB Group’s business and 
results of operations. 
Figures relating to the pension plans may be found in note 33 (pages 247 to 250) of the consolidated audited 
annual financial statements of UCB for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, including the details of the 
net liability arising from UCB Group’s defined benefit obligation, amounting to EUR 289 million as per end 
December 2021 (on page 247) as well as the sensitivity analysis on the defined benefit obligation as provided 
on page 250. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
1 
Failure to develop new products, devices and production technologies will have a negative 
impact on the competitive position of the UCB Group. 
The UCB Group significantly depends on the development of commercially viable and sustainable new 
products and technologies. Although projects may appear to be promising in research and development phase, 
it is possible that such projects do not reach the market because further research and clinical testing might show 
that these projects are ineffective or not efficacious enough or have safety signals or harmful side effects. A 
global crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, can slow down development timelines or make it inappropriate

--- Page 15 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or impossible to start or continue a clinical development project. Also, any development project might not be 
approved by the respective regulatory agencies in the end – despite lengthy and intensive research and 
development activities. As an example, in May of 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued 
a complete response letter regarding the Biologics License Application (BLA) for bimekizumab for the 
treatment of adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. This indicated that the FDA could not approve the 
BLA in its current form and that certain pre-approval inspection observations had to be resolved before the 
approval of the application could take place.  
Because of the lengthy development process, technological challenges and intense competition, there is also a 
risk that any of the projects and products which the UCB Group is developing will not show the required 
efficacy and safety, will not be approved by the relevant authorities, or will not be marketable on time. Changes 
in legislation affecting clinical development or subsequent commercialisation, such as for example changes in 
exclusivity related legislation, could also have a material adverse effect on the value of a development project. 
Furthermore, products which are launched might subsequently experience safety issues, deviations during the 
manufacturing process or other such problems. Commercialisation may also be precluded for economic reasons 
such as high manufacturing costs or for legal reasons such as (potential) infringements of proprietary rights of 
others. Balancing current growth and investment for the future remains a major challenge, and the UCB Group 
may be unable to meet its expectations and targets with respect to projects/products which are being developed. 
The competitive position and operating results of the UCB Group could be harmed in the long term if the Group 
is unsuccessful in developing and/or marketing new products and quality and cost-efficient manufacturing 
processes, or if its ability to generate sufficient levels of sales through investments in new projects/products and 
expenditures on research and development declines. 
The success of UCB’s research and development activities is in part reliant on the success of various 
partnerships. Lack of performance by the UCB Group itself, in managing such a partnership, or such 
partnerships itself may have a negative impact on the pipeline of products for the UCB Group. For more 
information on R&D expenses, please refer to p. 185 of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report. 
The UCB Group focuses on extracting value from its projects and products by managing their life cycle 
efficiently and optimising the patent protection available in various jurisdictions for different and innovative 
indications and formulations. In the event that the UCB Group fails or is unable to optimise the value obtained 
from the projects and products while such protection is in place, this may have a negative impact on potential 
sales. Missing out on such potential product sales may have a material adverse effect on the revenues of the 
UCB Group and its ability to further reinvest in research and development and sales and marketing. 
For more information on the expected expiration dates of the basic patent protection for key products of the 
UCB Group, please see “11. Intellectual Property” in “Description of UCB”. 
2 
The pricing and reimbursement of UCB’s products is increasingly affected by decisions of 
governments and other third-parties as well as by cost reduction initiatives. Therefore, the UCB 
Group may not obtain acceptable price and reimbursement for its products. 
Products of the UCB Group continue to be subject to increasing price and reimbursement pressures globally 
due, inter alia, to:  
• 
payers becoming more restrictive regarding the use of biopharmaceutical products and scrutinizing 
prices in the context of clinical evidence of improved patient outcomes and benefits to the broader 
healthcare system; 
• 
increasing levels of price controls being imposed by governments in many countries. For example in the 
United States, in addition to contractual provisions with payers, price increases are, or will be, limited

--- Page 16 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
by current and proposed US federal and state laws, including with penalties for increasing prices over 
the rate of inflation. In other major markets of the UCB Group the possibilities to implement price 
increases in response to inflation are generally limited;   
• 
there being a heightened public attention to the price of pharmaceuticals and, specifically to price 
increases, which may limit the ability of the UCB Group to set prices, or to manage or increase the price 
of its medicines based upon their value; 
• 
the potential to remove pharmaceuticals/biological products/devices from government reimbursement 
schemes (for example if governments determine a medicine to be less cost-effective than alternatives);  
• 
greater tendencies of reimbursement authorities to grant partial reimbursement for specific patient 
populations within a labelled indication; 
• 
increasing proclivity of governments to grant reimbursement/approvals to pharmaceuticals produced by, 
or manufactured within their country; 
• 
increased difficulty in obtaining and maintaining satisfactory reimbursement rates in many countries; 
• 
increases in the number and range of cost containment policies (including budget limitations) related to 
health expenses;  
• 
governmental and private health care provider policies that favor prescription of generic or biosimilar 
medicines or substitution of branded products with generic or biosimilar medicines;  
• 
more demanding evaluation criteria applied by Health Technology Assessment (HTA) agencies when 
considering whether to reimburse new medicines at a certain price level; 
• 
more governments using international reference pricing to set or manage the price of medicines based 
on an external benchmark of a product’s price in other countries; 
• 
the increasing concentration and market power of healthcare providers and private payers, such as the 
consolidation of health insurers, state managed health funds, managed care organizations and pharmacy 
benefit managers;  
• 
new market participants entering the global healthcare market which may bring more market power due 
to size and new technologies (like Amazon, Google, Apple). 
Increased pressure on pricing and reduction in/impaired negotiation power can lead to price discounts, rebates, 
state mandated price reductions or reimbursement restrictions for existing and future products of the UCB 
Group. Also, to the extent that the potential for sales price increases is limited or not available for the UCB 
Group, it is unlikely that the UCB Group will be able to offset the economic impact of inflation (including the 
impact of inflation of key expenses such as employee salaries and cost of goods) through price increases. 
The sales of the UCB Group are mainly realized in the US and Europe (respectively 53% and 26% of net sales 
in 2021) as a consequence of which the operational results of the UCB Group are particularly vulnerable to 
pricing pressures in these regions. 
For more information, please see our 2021 Annual Report, page 106 (Global pricing and access challenges). 
3 
The UCB Group depends on a small number of products which are subject to intense 
competitive forces and concentrated markets. 
The UCB Group has to date depended, and will continue to depend to a large extent, on the sales of a small 
number of products. Current key products for the UCB Group include Cimzia®, Vimpat®, Keppra®,

--- Page 17 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Briviact®, Neupro®, Nayzilam®, Evenity®, Bimzelx® and Fintepla® (see “Core Therapeutic Areas” in 
“Description of UCB” for more information on these products as well as note 1.3. to the condensed consolidated 
unaudited interim financial statements of the UCB Group for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2022, pages 7 
and 8) and the continuing growing sales volume of these products significantly depends on their patent 
protection but also on other factors such as regulatory approvals, regulation of pricing, product liability, sales 
and marketing strategies, investments and competition. A significant decrease in the sales of any of these 
products could have a material adverse impact on the cash flow, prospects and results of operations of the UCB 
Group. 
The products of the UCB Group are also subject to intense competition from other products in the market. When 
new products are introduced in the market, competition will further increase. New products from competitors 
can be safer or more effective than the products of the UCB Group. If there is generic or biosimilar competition, 
the competitors may sell their products at substantially lower prices. The UCB Group can also not predict with 
accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products and generic and biosimilar products 
or their possible effect on its sales. Products that compete with the UCB Group’s products, including some of 
its best-selling medicines, are launched from time to time. Launches of a number of competitive products have 
occurred in recent years, and certain potentially competitive products are in various stages of development, 
some of which have been filed for approval with the FDA and with regulatory authorities in other countries or 
have been very recently approved. Similarly, the competitive position of new products of the UCB Group may 
be adversely impacted from the earlier introduction of products from competitors. If the UCB Group is not able 
to maintain or establish its competitive position, as a consequence of such existing and future competition or of 
new competitive forces as may arise in the future, this might negatively affect the UCB Group’s business, 
financial position and prospects. 
If any of the UCB Group’s major products were to become subject to challenges such as patent invalidity, 
changes in prescription growth rates, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects, 
manufacturing difficulties, governmental proceedings and actions, significant product recalls, major changes in 
healthcare structures, access to managed care contracts in the US, publicity affecting doctor or patient 
confidence (including as a consequence of supply chain issues or counterfeiting of products of the UCB Group) 
or pressure from existing competitive products, changes in labelling or if a new, competitive treatment should 
be introduced, the adverse impact on the UCB Group’s revenues could be significant. In addition, the UCB 
Group’s revenues could be significantly impacted by the timing and rate of commercial acceptance of key new 
products or indications for products, including of the newly launched products, of the projects currently under 
regulatory review and of the several late stage products in clinical development as described in the research and 
development update section to the condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial statements  of the UCB 
Group for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2022 and sub-section 8 (Research and Development) in the section 
“Description of UCB” of this Base Prospectus). The ability of the UCB Group to mitigate the decline in net 
sales as a consequence of the recent losses of patent protection and market exclusivity (such as Vimpat® in US 
in March 2022, in EU in September 2022 and eKeppra® in Japan in December 2021) and upcoming losses of 
patent protection of some of the key products of the UCB Group will depend significantly on the successful 
launch of these new products.  
If the UCB Group is not able to maintain or establish its competitive position or if any of the UCB Group’s 
major products or new key products were to become subject to the challenges described above, UCB’s Group’s 
business, financial position and prospectus could be negatively impacted. 
For more information on the expected expiration dates of the basic patent protection for key products of the 
UCB Group, please see “11. Intellectual Property” in “Description of UCB”. 
For more information on the initial impact from generic competition on Vimpat® in US and E-Keppra® in 
Japan, please see note 1.4 (“Net sales by geographical area”) on page 8 of UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report as

--- Page 18 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
well as sub-sections entitled ”Vimpat® (lacosamide)” and “Keppra® (levetiracetam)” under section “6. Core 
Therapeutic Areas, (a) Neurology” in the “Description of UCB”. 
4 
There are risks associated with the technical and clinical development of products of the UCB 
Group. 
The development of pharmaceuticals (and supporting devices) is a key element of the strategy of UCB Group 
(see “Key Strengths and Strategies of UCB” in “Description of UCB”) but carries significant risk, and failure 
may occur at any stage during development due to quality, safety or clinical efficacy/effectiveness issues. After 
marketing approvals have been received, safety issues which may not have surfaced in the comparably small 
patient populations studied during clinical trials can result in label restrictions and, in the worst case, to the 
withdrawal of the drug from the market. All drug candidates and medical devices of the UCB Group will need 
extensive quality, pre-clinical and clinical testing before an application can be made for market authorisation 
from regulatory authorities. It cannot be predicted with certainty if or when the UCB Group will be able to 
submit an application to the regulatory authorities of the relevant markets or whether such application, if and 
when submitted, will be acted upon affirmatively. 
Each individual development step is associated with the risk of failure, hence an early stage drug candidate 
carries considerably higher potential risk of failure than a later stage candidate, but the risk nonetheless remains 
high until at the latest stage. While the statistical chance of success increases as drug candidates progress 
successfully through the different phases of drug development it is probable that not all the programmes in the 
pipeline of the UCB Group will succeed. 
Human clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because such trials are 
subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Clinical trials are also very time consuming and can take several 
years to complete for each product candidate. Failure can occur at any stage of the trials and problems may be 
encountered that would cause the UCB Group to interrupt, abandon or repeat clinical trials. The commencement 
and completion of clinical trials may be delayed or hindered by several factors, including but not limited to: 
• 
difficulties in obtaining regulatory, ethics committee and/or physician approval of the study protocol; 
• 
fewer than the projected number of suitable investigators, which will result in delayed recruitment of the 
required number of patients; 
• 
unexpected safety and tolerability issues; 
• 
unexpected manufacturing issues; 
• 
delay in recruitment or insufficient availability of eligible patients; 
• 
issues with identifying the appropriate therapeutic dosage range; 
• 
unexpected issues with respect to the supply of investigational products; 
• 
unfavourable benefit/risk ratio due to safety data collected in the course of clinical development;  
• 
failure to maintain and assure the accuracy and consistency of primary scientific data; and 
• 
introduction of new legal requirements. 
Due to the nature of clinical trials, the variety of required expertise and flexible resourcing models, there is a 
need to partner and collaborate with Contract Research Organizations (CRO’s) and/or other external vendors. 
Despite formal agreements and the UCB Group fulfilling its obligation of sponsor’s oversight, there are risks

--- Page 19 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
associated to this dependency, which can have an impact on the delivery of a clinical trial in the desired quality, 
time and budget.    
Every clinical trial requires a pre-specified objective and clearly defined primary goal. The hypothesis which is 
to be tested in the clinical trial may be proven wrong. This will result in a negative study outcome. Clinical 
studies which have not met their primary goal are usually not suitable to support a regulatory submission. If 
clinical trials for a drug candidate are unsuccessful, the UCB Group will be unable to commercialise the 
associated drug candidate for the given indication. If one or more of the clinical trials of the UCB Group for a 
drug candidate is delayed, the UCB Group will be unable to meet the UCB Group’s anticipated development 
and commercialisation timelines. For example, end 2018, the development of radiprodil (UCB3491) in infantile 
spasm was terminated due to lack of patients for recruitment, driven by sufficient standard of care. Such failure 
of, or delay in, commercialisation may have a material adverse effect on the UCB Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
5 
There are specific risks associated with developing, testing, manufacturing and commercialising 
biologic medical products. 
The process of inventing, developing, manufacturing, registering and marketing biologic medical products such 
as therapeutic antibodies or peptides can be uncertain, costly and unpredictable. The UCB Group’s biologic 
products currently on the market are Cimzia, Evenity® (in partnership with Amgen in U.S. and Japan), and 
Bimzelx (in Europe, Great Britain, Australia, Japan and Canada), with bimekizumab currently under review 
by the US FDA for psoriasis. Biologic products in the pipeline include rozanolixizumab, dapirolizumab pegol, 
and bepranemab.  
The capacity for producing biologic medical products is limited. Building in-house production capacity is 
expensive and complex. Unavailability of in-house production capacity could lead to the need to reserve 
production capacity at external suppliers, including prior to the completion of the different phases of drug 
development. Failure to build and expenses connected to the building of production capacity, or failure to 
contract production capacity at external suppliers and expenses connected thereto, in each case in a timely way, 
may have a material adverse effect on the successful commercialisation of new biological medical products and 
the financial position of the UCB Group. 
The production process is also highly complex. It requires innovative technologies and is subject to rigorous 
quality, purity and strength controls. In case of difficulties with or minor differences in the procedures applied 
the affected batch of the biologic may not be used. Issues may occur not only during the manufacturing process 
but also whilst testing, labelling, packaging, storage and shipping, or at any other step of the supply chain. 
Changes to the process may require (pre-) clinical testing to spot any changes in the purity, quality or strength 
of the products. 
The ingredients necessary to produce biologic medical products are derived from living beings, bacteria or 
plants and cannot be produced synthetically. Given the limited availability of the materials and often high 
demand for biologics, the manufacturing of biologics is very expensive. Access to and supply of tissue samples, 
bacteria, cell lines and other biological materials is limited and may be restricted following government 
regulations. Insufficient access to such materials can make it difficult or even impossible to conduct research 
and may increase the manufacturing and development costs.

--- Page 20 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The different stages of production, development and commercialisation of biological products are also subject 
to regulation by various regulatory bodies. The regulatory framework for such products is often even more 
complex and extensive than for other pharmaceuticals.  
Notwithstanding all precautionary measures and the numerous quality and purity checks and tests applied, the 
use of biologics might not have the prescribed effect and might result in infections, allergic reactions and other 
unwanted effects, leading to the recall of products, a number of liability claims or even closure of facilities due 
to possible contamination, all of which may result in significant costs being incurred. 
The uncertainties and risks surrounding the development, testing, manufacturing, marketing and any other step 
in the supply chain of biologics may have a materially adverse effect on the business and financial position of 
the UCB Group. For example, in May 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a complete 
response letter for the bimekizumab BLA (Biologics License Application) for the treatment of adults with 
moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.  The FDA cannot approve the application in its current form until certain 
pre-approval inspection observations are resolved. 
6 
There are specific risks associated with developing, testing, manufacturing and 
commercializing chemical pharmaceutical products. 
The process of inventing, developing, manufacturing, registering and marketing chemical pharmaceutical 
products is long, complex highly regulated and costly with increasing solubility and bioavailability challenges 
leading to further complexity and less predictability. 
The production process requires innovative technologies and is subject to rigorous quality, purity and strength 
controls. In case the required production procedures are not accurately met, the affected batch of the chemical 
ingredients may not be used. Problems may occur not only during the manufacturing process but also whilst 
testing, labelling, packaging, storage and shipping, or at any other step of the supply chain. Changes to the 
manufacturing process may require pre-clinical or clinical testing to identify any changes in the purity, quality 
or strength of the products. 
Given all those constraints, risks, ever increasing requirements and regulatory scrutiny, the manufacturing needs 
increasingly demanding follow-up procedures. While access to external and internal capacities might be 
adequate, the effective control of those capacities bears its own risks. Required flexibility and quality may also 
increase the manufacturing and development costs.  
Notwithstanding all precautionary measures and the numerous quality and purity checks and tests applied, the 
end results might not be fit for purpose, leading to the recall of products, liability claims or even the banning of 
facilities by regulatory authorities, all of which may result in significant disruption and costs being incurred. 
For example, in 2008, Neupro was recalled in the U.S. and an agreement was reached with the EMA to cease 
promotion of the product in the EU and not to add any new patients, until a formulation issue in the patches 
was resolved. 
The uncertainties and risks surrounding the development, testing, manufacturing, quality assurance, 
compliance, marketing and any other step in the supply chain of chemical pharmaceuticals may have a 
materially adverse effect on the business and financial position of the UCB Group. 
7 
The UCB Group is dependent on third-party manufacturers and suppliers. 
The UCB Group like most pharmaceutical companies, relies upon third party manufacturers and suppliers to 
support the manufacturing of their products, key ingredients and components. Today over 60% of manufacturing

--- Page 21 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
activities are performed at external partners and the UCB Group will continue to look for partners to support its 
manufacturing supply chain for both existing and future products. Given the nature of the industry, there are 
certain specialist activities for which only one supplier exists. For these activities the UCB Group cannot 
guarantee that the agreements with third-party manufacturers and/or suppliers will be fully respected, or that 
these will continue to serve as reliable and/or efficient partners. Further, the limited number of available suppliers 
may cause escalation in the cost of certain key products or material supplies, which could damage the revenue 
streams of the UCB Group. These failures could have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the UCB Group. Current supply conditions could also impact cost of goods 
sold as well as inventory levels of key products, such as finished goods made of biologics drug substances or 
injectable or infused products. 
The development of the UCB Group’s pipeline products, including among others bimekizumab, 
rozanolixizumab and zilucoplan, and the ability to meet the market demand as from their launch may heavily 
depend on a single third-party supplier, particularly for the first years post-launch (for more product information, 
please see section “Description of UCB”, sub-section 8c) (“Neurology” and “Immunology”)). 
UCB has contracted contingent business interruption insurance in order to protect against the financial impact 
of third-party suppliers’ inability to supply. However not all risks are insured, the coverage limits are lower for 
such third-party suppliers’ (compared to internal manufacturing sites) as well as variable over time as insurers’ 
willingness to cover such third-party suppliers changes over time. 
Following the COVID-19 pandemic crisis, world-wide supply chains are facing numerous disruptions touching 
both manufacturing and transportation.  The disruption root causes are multi-factorial, among others stemming 
from numerous stop and go’s resulting in significant imbalance between demand and supply. This difficult 
context is reinforced by COVID local resurgences (eg. Chinese Zero-COVID strategy impacting worldwide 
logistics) or by the Ukraine-Russia war. Supply chains are becoming highly unpredictable with a multiplication 
of supply shortage events for goods and raw materials historically considered as non-strategic or commodities. 
This could create uncertainties on the ability of the existing manufacturers of the UCB Group to maintain their 
current level of service or on the ability of internal manufacturing sites of the UCB Group to obtain supplies in 
sufficient quantities within reasonable timelines, potentially resulting into temporary drug shortage or cost of 
good increase.  
The ability of the UCB Group to build internal facilities to guarantee future supply of their products may also 
be impacted by the above-described supply chain challenges, in particular with regard to construction material 
or key equipment supplies. 
8 
The UCB Group is dependent on research and development partners and commercial 
partners. 
The UCB Group relies on research and development partners, in particular in relation to its early stage 
operations encompassed in UCB PV Early Solutions and its late stage clinical development at PV Development 
Solutions. These partnerships depend upon efficient collaboration and stable research strategies. Failure to 
retain or replace key scientific personnel both internally and in collaborations may have a negative impact on 
the success of a specific research program. Separately, the UCB Group has looked to partnerships to either out-
license some of its non-core products or license in products, and is therefore now reliant on the operational and 
financial ability of the partners to progress such products to ensure that the partnership is successful. The UCB 
Group also relies on third parties (including available government funding) to fund or help fund research and 
development costs and expenses associated with supporting clinical studies and regulatory filings to allow the 
UCB Group the opportunity to launch and maximise the potential of its products in the marketplace and is 
therefore now reliant on the abilities of such third parties to progress such products.

--- Page 22 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The UCB Group has entered into long-term development agreements with various pharmaceutical enterprises, 
clinical trial operators and financial investors. Such collaboration agreements may include milestone payments, 
which are dependent on successful clinical development, regulatory approval and on meeting specified sales 
targets, as well as variable royalty payments based on unit sales. On 31 December 2021, the maximum amount 
that would be paid out if all future milestones are achieved but excluding variable royalty payments based on 
unit sales and amounts accrued (on a time-value adjusted basis) for milestones already achieved but not yet due, 
amounted to EUR 1,126 million on an undiscounted and non-risk adjusted basis. Whilst the related clinical 
trials may be fully or partly at the risk of the development partner, failure of the clinical trials or failure of the 
regulatory review would deprive the UCB Group of the potential to receive marketing authorisation of and/or 
potentially add new indications to the labels of the relevant products. 
The UCB Group has acquired third parties’ products for further commercialisation in specific geographical 
areas or therapeutic areas through licensing, co-promotion or co-marketing. Similarly, in view of the ongoing 
consolidation in the Pharma market, it cannot be excluded that the UCB Group at some point would be solicited 
for partnering or other types of corporate events. The initiation of such partnerships usually involves material 
up-front and royalty payments to such third parties based on the evaluation of the potential success of the 
relevant product. Similarly, the UCB Group holds licences in relation to a number of products which other 
parties distribute, with the UCB Group receiving royalties in respect of sales by such distributors. In the event 
that these sales and therefore the royalty payments were to decrease, this may have a significant negative impact 
on the UCB Group’s revenue. For more information on the amounts of royalty income in connection with 
products distributed by third parties, please see note 1.5 (“Royalty income and fees”) on page 183 of UCB’s 
2021 Annual Report. 
The failure of the UCB Group to enter into such kind of partnership agreements on reasonable terms, if at all, 
or the poor performance of the third-party products could have a material and adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the UCB Group. 
9 
Existing insurance coverage may turn out to be inadequate or insurance coverage may not be 
available, resulting in high absorption of potential and high value expenses and liabilities by the 
UCB Group. 
The UCB Group seeks to mitigate foreseeable risks through insurance coverage, to the extent practicable and 
subject to availability. Such insurance coverage, however, may not fully cover the risks to which the UCB 
Group will be exposed, with certain products and circumstances, conduct and events excluded from insurance 
cover either fully or under certain indications. This can be the case with respect to insurance covering legal and 
administrative claims as well as with respect to insurance covering other risks (e.g. cyber risks). Considering 
generally the increasing number of product liability cases in the market and the increasing level of damage 
awarded to claimants in connection with such cases, in particular in the United States, adequate insurance 
coverage is or may not be available for certain products or type of products or, if available, it may not be 
available at reasonable conditions. 
The business of the UCB Group will expose it to the risk of product liability claims or other such claims inherent 
in the development, manufacturing, use, sale and promotion of pharmaceutical products, including medical 
devices and IT tools (e.g. smartphone apps). The use of any of the product candidates in clinical trials of the 
UCB Group and the sale of any approved products may expose it to costly and damaging product liability claims 
and other claims brought by clinical trial participants, consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical 
companies, private customers, government entities or others. The amount of the liability insurance coverage of 
the UCB Group including but not limited to product liability coverage, may not be adequate to cover all 
expenses the UCB Group might incur. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and

--- Page 23 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for certain products or product categories not available, and the UCB Group is not certain to be able to maintain 
insurance coverage at a reasonable price or in sufficient amounts to protect the UCB Group against costs, 
expenses, fees and damages due to potential liability claims on all products. If the UCB Group is unable to 
obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, it may be 
exposed to significant liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect its business and financial position. 
If the UCB Group is sued for injuries or damages allegedly caused by or relating to products it has developed, 
manufactured, sold or promoted, the liability of the UCB Group could exceed its total assets and the UCB 
Group could be unable to pay any judgment against it. Even if the UCB Group were able to pay a judgment 
against it, a successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against the UCB Group could result 
in significant capital expenditures and expenses, as well as liabilities, thereby harming the business and 
operating results of the UCB Group. 
The UCB Group will continue to look for the most efficient ways to mitigate its risks, but it cannot guarantee 
that insurance coverage can be obtained for all products and in case it has been obtained that it would sufficiently 
cover all potential product liabilities of the UCB Group. Should such insurance coverage not be available or 
not sufficiently cover all potential liabilities, it may materially and adversely affect the business and financial 
position. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
1 
The loss of patent protection or other exclusivity or ineffective patent protection for marketed 
products may result in loss of sales to competing products. 
Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of material importance in the UCB Group’s marketing 
of its products in the EU, the U.S. and in most other major markets (see “Intellectual Property” in “Description 
of UCB”). Patents covering products that the UCB Group has introduced normally provide substantial 
exclusivity, which is important for the successful marketing and sale of its products and its ability to reinvest 
the proceeds of sales into research and development. In parallel, many products, upon approval by regulatory 
authorities, benefit from “data exclusivity”. This exclusivity is a recognition of the significant work (typically 
research and development work) performed to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product. In addition, 
orphan-designated products, intended for a rare disease, can benefit from orphan market exclusivity.  
Exclusivity is an important asset enabling the UCB Group to sell its protected products for a period of time 
unimpeded by competition from identical or similar products. The UCB Group will generally seek patents, data 
exclusivity and orphan market exclusivity, where the opportunity exists, covering each of its products in each 
of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where patent protection is available. 
Even if the UCB Group succeeds in obtaining patents covering its products, third parties may challenge or seek 
to invalidate or attempt to circumvent its patents and patent applications. It is important for the business of the 
UCB Group to successfully defend the patent rights that provide exclusivity for its products. Patent litigation 
and other challenges to the patents of the UCB Group are costly and unpredictable and may result in depriving 
the UCB Group of exclusivity for a product. In some cases, third party patents may prevent the UCB Group 
from marketing and selling a product in a particular geographic area. 
Generic drug manufacturers in the U.S. may seek marketing approval for pharmaceutical products currently 
under patent protection, for which the active ingredient is a New Chemical Entity (“NCE”), by attacking the 
validity or enforceability of a patent, or by developing a formulation of the product that does not infringe the 
patent (often via so-called Abbreviated New Drug Application filings (“ANDAs”) and resulting litigation). 
NCE products enjoy five years of data exclusivity - generic drug manufacturers may file their ANDA for 
approval after the fourth year of data exclusivity (for more information please see “15. Legal Proceedings” in

--- Page 24 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Description of UCB”). New Biologic Entities (“NBE”) enjoy 12 years of data exclusivity in the US. The 
process by which generic companies could launch biosimilars of a patented NBE is more complex than the 
ANDA system for NCEs and is developing fast as the interest for biosimilars grows. In parallel, orphan-
designated products benefit from 7 years of orphan market exclusivity. 
Similarly, generic and biosimilar drug manufacturers in the EU may seek marketing approval as of 8 years from 
the marketing approval (“MA”) of the reference product (data protection). They may not market their products 
before 10 years from MA (market protection). In parallel, orphan-designated products can benefit from 10 years 
of orphan market exclusivity. 
If a generic manufacturer succeeds in invalidating a patent protecting one of the products of the UCB Group, 
or succeeds in developing a non-infringing formulation, that product could be exposed to generic or biosimilar 
competition before the expected expiration date of the patent. If one or more important products lose patent 
protection in profitable markets, sales of those products are likely to decline significantly and often in a short 
timeframe as a result of generic or biosimilar versions of those products becoming available. The results of 
operations of the UCB Group may be adversely affected by such sales decline. Decisions adversely impacting 
the UCB Group’s patents could also result in third party claims by, for example, direct and indirect purchasers 
and state and federal governmental entities, seeking damages for having wrongly precluded competition in the 
marketplace. 
Save as disclosed under note 43.3 (Contingencies) on page 261 and s. of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report (which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus), there are no ongoing governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings related to UCB Group’s intellectual property at the date of this prospectus which are expected to 
have a material adverse effect on UCB and/or the UCB Group’s financial position or profitability. 
During the life of a patent related to the active ingredient per se of a product, the product at most would normally 
only be subject to competition from different products with similar indications. After a patent expires or a 
product loses exclusivity, the owner of the formerly patented product is likely to face increased competition 
from generic or biosimilar products entering the market, the extent of which will very much depend on various 
factors like the geographical market, the therapeutic area and the type of disease, the existing competition and 
the volume of sales of the original product. Typically, loss of exclusivity will lead to loss of sales and/or price 
reductions hence reducing profits of the UCB Group (for more information on the expected expiration dates of 
the patent or other relevant applicable protection for key products of the UCB Group and description of the key 
products of the UCB Group, please see “11. Intellectual Property” and “6. Core Therapeutic Areas” in 
“Description of UCB”). 
2 
Products, including products in development or new indications for existing products, cannot 
be marketed unless the UCB Group obtains and maintains regulatory approval. 
The activities of the UCB Group, including research, drug development, manufacturing and marketing its 
products, are and will be subject to extensive regulation by numerous authorities in the European Union, 
including the European Medicine Agency (EMA), in the United States, including the Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) and in Japan by the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Agency (PMDA) and by other 
foreign regulatory authorities. Regulations are primarily focused on drug quality, safety and efficacy. The 
regulatory authorities have substantial discretion to require additional testing, to delay or withhold registration 
and marketing approval and to mandate product recalls or withdrawals. Regulatory approval also extends to the 
supply and distribution of products. If a situation occurs where a product is to be recalled and removed from 
distribution for any length of time, this will have a material adverse effect on the revenues of the UCB Group. 
Even if the UCB Group develops new products, or new indications for existing products, it will not be able to 
market any of those products, respectively not be able to market such indication, unless and until it has obtained

--- Page 25 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where it proposes to market the new products, respectively 
the new indication. For example, in June 2019, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP)  
of the European Medicines Agency adopted a negative opinion for romosozumab. On 18 October 2019, 
following a re-examination procedure, the CHMP of the European Medicines Agency adopted a positive 
opinion recommending Marketing Authorization for Evenity® (romosozumab) for the treatment of severe 
osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture and with no history of myocardial infarction or 
stroke. The CHMP’s recommendation was eventually reviewed by the European Commission, which granted 
marketing authorization for Evenity® (romosozumab) on December 12, 2019. This followed the earlier 
approval in April 2019 by the US FDA of Evenity® (romosozumab) for the treatment of osteoporosis in 
postmenopausal women at high risk for fracture after the UCB Group and Amgen received a positive vote from 
the US FDA Bone, Reproductive and Urologic Drugs Advisory Committee (BRUDAC). The BRUDAC 
evaluated the FRAME and ARCH clinical studies in its review of the clinical benefit-risk profile of 
romosozumab, including the cardiovascular safety finding seen in the ARCH study, for the potential to reduce 
the risk of fractures and increase bone mineral density (BMD) in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.  
As a further example, in May 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a complete response 
letter for the bimekizumab BLA (Biologics License Application) for the treatment of adults with moderate to 
severe plaque psoriasis.  The FDA cannot approve the application in its current form until certain pre-approval 
inspection observations are resolved (for further information, please refer to Section 8(c) (Research and 
Development)). 
Once obtained, the UCB Group must maintain these market authorisations as long as it plans to market its 
products in each jurisdiction where approval is required. The failure of the UCB Group to obtain approval, 
significant delays in the approval process or its failure to maintain approval in any jurisdiction will prevent it 
from selling the new products, respectively marketing the new indication, in that jurisdiction until approval is 
obtained. The UCB Group will not be able to realise revenues for those new products, respectively the new 
indication, in any jurisdiction where it does not have approval. 
3 
Certain developments after regulatory approval may result in significant financial and business 
risks on the UCB Group. 
There are certain events that may occur after regulatory approval which may lead to a reduction in demand for 
the UCB Group’s products. 
Regulatory authorities in most jurisdictions require the reporting of adverse events and other safety issues 
associated with approved products. These reports address the systems used to maintain and review the risks and 
benefits of marketed products. Depending on the ongoing evaluation of a product, updated risk and benefit 
evaluations may be necessary which can lead to changes in labelling, restrictions on permitted usage, 
requirements for additional nonclinical or clinical studies, or suspension or revocation of marketing 
authorisations. Authorities in many major markets (including the United States, European Union, Japan, and 
others) are in regular communication with their counterparts in other major jurisdictions. As a result, regulatory 
responses to safety issues in one jurisdiction may lead to similar measures elsewhere in the world. Failure to 
maintain required systems for safety reporting and related regulatory requirements can also lead to imposition 
of substantial criminal and civil penalties. 
Regulatory authorities also maintain requirements for compliance with good manufacturing practice to assure 
the quality of medical products, and they inspect manufacturing facilities to enforce these requirements. Failure 
to comply with manufacturing quality requirements can lead to product recalls, suspension or revocation of 
authorisations, civil or criminal enforcement actions, or other measures that can interrupt supply, lead to 
withdrawal of products from the market, and result in the imposition of severe penalties. Authorities in major 
jurisdictions communicate inspectional findings and enforcement actions to one another, and they may

--- Page 26 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
coordinate such actions so that recalls or supply interruptions in one market may lead to similar results 
elsewhere.  
Regulatory requirements relating to the safety, effectiveness, and quality of medical products can change over 
time, so that products and manufacturing processes which were formerly considered to be compliant may no 
longer be acceptable. 
Governments, health insurers, and other entities that pay for medical products under health care systems 
increasingly demand evidence of cost-effectiveness and conduct health technology assessments, and they may 
refuse to reimburse or restrict payment for products that are not deemed cost-effective in comparison to other 
products on the market. 
Standards imposed by governments might change. The public expectations as to safety, efficacy, costs and 
production can shift. Products might be recalled or marketing approval can be withdrawn leading to increased 
costs and loss of product profitability but also negative publicity and a potential decrease in the popularity of 
the products and the UCB Group. 
The regulating authorities and consumers have increased their focus on safety. The authorities may require 
additional reviews, research or testing or even re-review the products that have already been granted approval. 
Increased attention to the outcomes of clinical trials lead to an increased uncertainty as to the market reactions. 
These matters often result in product and consumer protection liability claims and increased governmental 
actions in relation to the development, production, labelling and marketing activities. 
Promotion and advertising of medical products are subject to strict regulatory controls in most jurisdictions and 
penalties for non-compliance can be severe. In some jurisdictions (e.g., the United States) non-compliance can 
lead to exclusion from or debarment as a supplier to publicly funded health care programs. 
In some jurisdictions, failure to comply with regulatory requirements relating to the safety, effectiveness, 
quality, promotion of medical products can expose manufacturers to significant risk of litigation and penalties 
under consumer protection laws and similar measures in addition to penalties under regulatory legislation. 
For more information in this respect please see “Governmental Regulation”, sub-section 12 (a) (Product 
approval). 
4 
The UCB Group faces certain litigation risks and compliance costs, the outcome of which may 
adversely affect the business. 
The outcome of legal proceedings in which the UCB Group is involved, or of potential future litigation, may 
adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the UCB Group. Legal proceedings 
may include, but are not limited to, patent challenges, commercial disputes, product liability claims, 
governmental investigations, defending claims or taking action to protect commercial or competitive interests, 
in a range of jurisdictions and in a number of legal systems. The costs and potential economic consequences of 
any legal proceedings are difficult to quantify and may be high, particularly in the case of product liability, 
patent infringement and significant commercial litigation. Material legal proceedings may impact the profit of 
the business. For example, if a third party patent suit were to result in an adverse judgment, this could even 
prevent the UCB Group from continuing to market certain of its products or result in possible liabilities or loss 
of exclusivity for the company. Material legal proceedings concerning UCB Group products may also impact 
the UCB Group’s reputation and, consequently, its business, results of operations or financial condition. The 
UCB Group is actively managing all litigation and claims relating to its products including ANDA patent 
litigation, product-related litigation and commercial disputes in the U.S. and elsewhere, as well as various 
governmental inquiries concerning promotional activities as well as pricing practices.

--- Page 27 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The UCB Group operates in a heavily regulated environment worldwide. Every aspect of its business is 
regulated by laws of the countries within which it conducts its business. This includes clinical research and 
development, manufacturing and supply chain, marketing and promotion of products in the market place, and 
pricing and price reporting. Any non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations can result in lengthy 
and costly investigations and litigations, substantial fines, both civil and criminal penalties, product 
withdrawals, plant shutdowns and overall reductions of revenue. 
Furthermore, stricter safety and health laws and enforcement policies could result in substantial costs and 
liabilities to the UCB Group. Compliance with these laws could result in significant capital expenditures as well 
as other costs and liabilities, thereby adversely affecting the UCB Group's business, results of operations or 
financial condition. 
Separately, the UCB Group has made and will continue to consider acquisition opportunities within the 
pharmaceutical industry While the UCB Group typically obtains warranties or representations from the seller 
of such asset or business with respect to certain legal or factual issues, these warranties may not cover all of the 
issues or situations that may arise following the acquisition, such as additional tax liabilities, and may not fully 
compensate the UCB Group for any loss it may suffer in relation to the acquired asset or business. In addition, 
it may be difficult or impossible to enforce warranties or representations against a seller for various reasons, 
including the expiration of limitation periods or enforcement periods for such warranties or representations. 
See Part 15, “Legal Proceedings” of Section “Description of UCB” of this Base Prospectus, for a description 
of litigations in which companies of the UCB Group are involved, p. 251 of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report (34.3 
“Other Provisions”) and p. 34 of UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report (3.28 “Other Provisions”) for the provisions 
accounted for the litigations. While it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of any litigation or 
government investigations, UCB regularly updates its outside auditors on all material litigation and government 
investigations.  
As further detailed in its consolidated audited annual financial statements, the UCB Group makes provisions 
for known risks, including litigations and product liabilities, based on an assessment together with the UCB 
Group legal advisers and experts in the different domains and taking into consideration the relevant insurance 
coverages and probability of occurrence. See also Risk Factor “Existing insurance coverage may turn out to be 
inadequate or not available” for a description of the insurance coverage policy of UCB. 
5 
The UCB Group is exposed to risk of changes in tax legislation and the interpretation of such 
legislation in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
The UCB Group operates in multiple jurisdictions with often complex legal and tax regulatory environments. 
The tax positions taken by UCB Group are considered to be supportable and are intended to withstand challenge 
from tax authorities. Tax authorities may initiate a review of the UCB Group’s compliance with their tax regime 
and/or with transfer pricing regulations. There are currently several such reviews/tax audits ongoing regarding 
the UCB Group in a number of jurisdictions with a substantial UCB Group footprint. As some of the tax 
positions are uncertain and include interpretations of complex tax laws as well as transfer pricing considerations, 
the issues under discussion in the framework of such audits can take a number of years to resolve. In the event 
that such a review would result in an adjustment, fines and/or other penalties, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the profitability of the UCB Group. For more information, please see our 2021 Annual Report, page 
253 (Income Tax payables). 
Significant tax reform initiatives and proposals have been put out by the U.S. and the OECD/G20 Inclusive 
Framework in the past year. The UCB Group will be impacted by the new international tax measures. Such new 
international tax measures may include additional taxes to achieve a minimum effective tax rate (ETR) in 
countries where the use of sustainable R&D incentives and/or losses leads to an ETR below such minimum

--- Page 28 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
level. The exact modalities are part of local country processes which can currently not be assessed to its full 
extent. 
Internal control risk 
1 
The UCB Group is reliant upon its information technology systems, infrastructure and policies, 
and any disruption or breach of these may have a negative impact on its business. 
The UCB Group relies to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems and infrastructure. 
The size and complexity of its computer systems and technologies make such systems and infrastructure 
potentially vulnerable to breakdowns and/or interruptions, including malicious intrusions and attacks (including 
cybersecurity), which the UCB Group may be unable to fully anticipate or address effectively on a timely basis. 
The UCB Group has implemented an operating model which makes use of both technical and procedural 
controls at multiple levels of the organization to ensure that efficient countermeasures against these incidents, 
which may include data privacy breaches by employees and others with permitted access to the UCB Group’s 
technology systems, that pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorised persons or to the public, 
are effective. Further, the UCB Group has also invested heavily in the protection of data and information 
technology and has implemented risk management processes to adapt to the ever evolving threat landscape.  
Next to the pro-active measures as described above, the UCB Group maintains procedures aiming to 
appropriately prevent and, when required, develop and implement an effective response to incidents and/or 
interruptions.  However, there can be no assurance that its efforts will prevent violations of policies or breaches, 
breakdowns in its technology systems that could adversely affect its business as well as patient wellbeing in 
case such results in any unavailability of medicines.  
The expansion of new technologies and the evolution to new uses, such as social media platforms, expose the 
UCB Group to new threats. Specific rules, policies and trainings have been implemented within the UCB Group 
to guide these activities however, the UCB Group may not have full control over the content of the information 
provided on third party and social media platforms which could trigger reputational risks for the UCB Group. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
1 
The UCB Group relies on its key personnel and may be negatively impacted if it cannot succeed 
in retaining its key personnel or attracting new key personnel in the future  
The UCB Group is highly dependent upon its senior management and its scientific teams, the loss (or the 
difficulty to replace them) of whose services might impede the achievement of the scientific development and 
commercial objectives, or the way in which the UCB Group is able to conduct its business. The UCB Group is 
active in an intellectual property driven business, and therefore the ability to develop new products and new 
technologies is a.o. directly linked to its ability to attract the relevant scientists as well as increasingly more 
data scientists.Competition for key personnel with the required experience is intense and the acuteness of these 
challenges is expected to continue to increase given current market conditions. Despite a dynamic and 
inspirational corporate culture (see Chapter “Together with our people” on page 52 of UCB’s 2021 Annual 
Report) the industry wide rise in attrition means that the UCB Group risks not being able to retain key personnel, 
or that the UCB Group will not be able to recruit new key personnel fast enough in the future. Any such 
circumstances may thereby also have an adverse effect on the Noteholders if these would negatively impact the 
Issuer’s financial condition. 
2 
Environmental, social and governance risks, liabilities and compliance costs may have a 
significant negative effect on operating results of the UCB Group.

--- Page 29 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The environmental laws of various jurisdictions impose actual and potential obligations on the UCB Group to 
remediate contaminated sites. These obligations may relate to sites that the UCB Group currently owns or 
operates; that the UCB Group formerly owned or operated and in relation to which the UCB Group retains some 
contractual liabilities in addition to any legal responsibility (in the pharmaceuticals, chemicals or films 
industry); or where property owned by third parties was contaminated by the emission or spill of contaminants 
for which the UCB Group bears responsibility. Steps have been taken either to remediate certain sites or to 
agree settlements with respect to contaminated areas, limiting the UCB Group’s potential liabilities in this area. 
The costs of these environmental remediation obligations could significantly reduce the UCB Group’s operating 
results. In particular, the UCB Group’s accruals for these obligations may be insufficient if the assumptions 
underlying these accruals prove incorrect or if the UCB Group is held responsible for additional, currently 
undiscovered, contamination.  
Furthermore, the UCB Group may become involved in claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings relating 
to environmental matters and / or stricter health, safety and environmental laws and regulations as well as 
enforcement policies could result in substantial costs, such as but not limited to, capital expenditures and 
expenses or liabilities to the UCB Group. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations within the required 
timelines could also result in banning of products of the UCB Group by regulatory authorities, failure or delay 
in obtaining or renewing marketing approval for products of the UCB Group, as a consequence of which the 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the UCB Group could be materially 
adversely affected.  
Climate change consequences, despite risk management and mitigation plans, could adversely impact the UCB 
Group’s business and operating model resulting in adverse effect on its operations, financial condition and 
business prospects. For further information on the activities and expected reporting by the task force on climate-
related financial disclosures at the UCB group, please see p. 290-291 of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report. 
In addition, in context of a continuously increasing focus of various stakeholders of the UCB Group on 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks, the UCB Group is subject to various regulations on 
environmental, social and governance matters, and has committed to disclose on and to reach certain ESG 
linked targets. No certainty can be given on the ability of the UCB Group to reach such targets. Failure to 
comply to such regulation, reach the ESG targets of the UCB Group as well as failure to meet ESG linked 
criteria of the various stakeholders of the UCB Group may in the future result in, directly or indirectly, among 
others, failure to develop or market the products of the UCB Group, failure to retain key personnel or attracting 
new key personnel in the future, inability to manage the sources of funding of the UCB Group (including as a 
consequence of any insufficiency in, or absence of, any rating assigned by ESG rating agencies, whether on a 
solicited or unsolicited basis), inability to secure or increased risk of securing the supply chain of the UCB 
Group, each of which could have a materially adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial 
condition, reputation and prospects of the UCB Group. The risks described above could potentially lead to the 
occurrence of the risks described under the risk factors “Products, including products in development or new 
indications for existing products, cannot be marketed unless the UCB Group obtains and maintains regulatory 
approval.”, “The UCB Group relies on its key personnel and may be negatively impacted if it cannot succeed 
in retaining its key personnel or attracting new key personnel in the future”, “The UCB Group’s inability to 
manage its sources of funding may adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.” 
and “The UCB Group is dependent on third-party manufacturers and suppliers.”. 
For further information on sustainability as a business approach at the UCB Group and the ESG linked risks 
and targets, please see respectively section 5(c) of Description of UCB in this prospectus, and p. 47-48, p. 56-
59, p. 60-62 and p. 290-291 of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report.

--- Page 30 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For more information on provisions accounted for environmental liabilities, please see p. 251 of UCB’s 2021 
Annual Report (34.1 “Environmental Provisions”). 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme 
1 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
In addition to Early Redemption in the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer has the option, 
if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, or in whole but not in part, 
as the case may be, under a call option as provided in Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), a 
Clean-Up Call as provided in Condition 5(d)(i), a 3-Months Par Call as provided in Condition 5(d)(ii), an 
Acquisition Event Call as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii) and/or a Make-Whole Call as provided in Condition 
5(d)(iv). 
The optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. As a consequence, the 
yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may 
be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount 
of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-Up Call, there is no obligation under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the limit needed to exercise the clean-up call option has 
been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Also, depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the 
Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders is made, any trading market in respect of 
those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
2 
The Issuer may not have the ability to repay the Notes at their maturity or in case of an Event 
of Default. 
The Issuer may not be able to repay the Notes at their maturity. The Issuer may also be required to repay all or 
part of the Notes in case of an Event of Default as set out in the Conditions. If the Noteholders were to ask the 
Issuer to repay their Notes following an Event of Default, the Issuer cannot be certain that it will be able to pay 
the required amount in full. The Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes will depend on the Issuer’s financial condition 
(including its cash position resulting from its ability to receive income and dividends from its subsidiaries) at 
the time of the requested repayment. The Issuer’s failure to repay the Notes may result in an event of default 
(however described) under the terms of other outstanding indebtedness, which may in turn have a significant 
impact on the financial position of the Issuer.

--- Page 31 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
Notes that have a Fixed-to-Floating Rate interest rate or a Floating-to-Fixed Rate interest rate 
may result in a yield for investors lower than market rates at the time of conversion. 
A number of Notes that may be issued under the Programme have features which contain particular risks for 
potential Investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features. 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate and Floating-to-Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where UCB has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since UCB may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If UCB converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed-to-Floating Rate and may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If UCB converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
4 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than 
Notes issued without a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities do. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
5 
The value of and yield on Floating Rate Notes may be affected by regulatory reforms relating 
to EURIBOR and other “benchmarks” and/or by a benchmark discontinuation 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), or any other indices which 
constitute “benchmarks” for the purpose of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended 
(the “Benchmark Regulation”) in the European Union and/or in the United Kingdom as the Benchmark 
Regulation forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), 
investors should be aware that such “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national, international, regulatory 
guidance and other proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequences could have an effect on the liquidity and market value of and return on any Notes linked 
to such a “benchmark”.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(k) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmark Regulation could have an impact on any Notes linked to a 
rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or any enhanced regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain

--- Page 32 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“benchmarks”, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or the methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) 
leading to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, could have a negative effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
The discontinuation of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 4(j)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty 
as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely 
affect the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
Pursuant to Condition 4(k) applying to Notes for which the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to a 
“benchmark” and where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, in certain situations, if a Benchmark Event (as such term is 
defined in Condition 4(a)) occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate applying to such Notes, the fallback 
arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(i) the relevant Rate of Interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as applicable) determined by an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer; and 
 
(ii) such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the relevant 
Independent Adviser, 
in each case, with the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
independent expert in the performances of its duties, as more fully described in the Conditions. The Independent 
Adviser may be a major financial institution or an independent financial adviser, as appointed by the Issuer. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other 
related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which 
are made in order to effect any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback arrangement for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be equal to the last Original Reference 
Rate available on the relevant screen page (plus or minus the Margin, as applicable, if any) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Noteholders may in such circumstances be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have 
expected if an Independent Adviser had been appointed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4(k)(i) or if such Independent Adviser had not failed to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) may have no or a very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be 
difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or 
alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time and the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including the relevant

--- Page 33 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustement Spread, as applicable) determined by the Independent Adviser may perform differently from the 
discontinued “benchmark”. 
There can be no assurance that any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes will 
adequately compensate for this impact. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion 
to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favorable to each Noteholder. 
This could in turn impact the Rate of Interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes. 
Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Reference Rate may find 
their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with 
instruments tied to the successor or alternative rate. 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any such Notes 
or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
6 
The Change of Control Put can only be exercized in specific circumstances 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, each holder of Notes of 
the relevant Series will have the right to require UCB to repurchase all or any part of such holder’s Notes at the 
Put Redemption Amount upon the occurrence of a Change of Control and, if applicable, a Rating Downgrade 
in respect of UCB, in accordance with the Conditions. The Change of Control Put in Notes issued until 27 April 
2023 has already been approved by UCB’s shareholders.  
However, the Change of Control Put in respect of all Notes issued after 27 April 2023 is subject to the approval 
of UCB’s shareholders. The approval of the Change of Control Put in respect of such Notes is expected to be 
raised at the general meeting of shareholders of UCB to be held on 27 April 2023. In the event that the 
shareholders do not approve the Change of Control Put as detailed in Condition 5(e)(i), such provision will not 
be effective in respect of all Notes after 27 April 2023. There can be no assurance that such approval will be 
granted at such meeting and, hence, that the Change of Control Put will be able to be exercised by the 
Noteholders. 
In the event that such Change of Control Put right is exercised by holders of at least 85 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series, UCB may, at its option, only if the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes 
then outstanding pursuant to Condition 5(e)(i). However, Noteholders should be aware that, in the event that (i) 
holders of 85 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series exercise their option 
under Condition 5(e)(i), but UCB does not elect to redeem the remaining outstanding Notes, or (ii) holders of 
a significant proportion, but less than 85 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series 
exercise their option under Condition 5(e)(i), Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put is not 
exercised may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that the Change of Control Put can only be exercised in 
specified circumstances of a Change of Control as defined in the Conditions and, if applicable, a Rating 
Downgrade of UCB. This may not cover all situations where a change of control may occur or where successive 
changes of control occur in relation to the Issuer. In particular, with respect to Notes issued after 27 April 2023, 
the Change of Control Put can only be exercised provided, that prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, 
(i) the Change of Control Resolutions have been approved by the shareholders of the Issuer in a general meeting 
and (ii) such resolutions have been filed with the Clerk of the Business Court of Brussels (greffe du tribunal de 
l’entreprise/griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank). If a Change of Control occurs prior to such approval and 
filing or if the shareholders do not approve the Change of Control Put, Noteholders will not be entitled to 
exercise the option set out in Condition 5(e)(i).

--- Page 34 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions that may permit their modification 
without the consent of all of the Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. In addition, modifications, waivers or authorisations of any breach or proposed 
breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement and/or the Clearing Services Agreement will 
be permitted if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or which in the Listing and Paying Agent’s opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Furthermore, the Agency Agreement provides that, if authorised by UCB, a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes 
shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders 
duly convened and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). Investors might therefore be bound by certain amendments 
to the Notes to which they did not consent. 
8 
Potential conflicts of interest could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential Investors should be aware that the Issuer and other members of the UCB Group are involved in a 
general business relation or/and in specific transactions (including without limitation, long or short term 
financing facilities) with the Arranger, the Calculation Agent, if any, and each of the Dealers (and their 
respective affiliates, including their respective parent companies, if any) and that they might have conflicts of 
interests which could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. Potential Investors should also 
be aware that the Arranger, the Calculation Agent, if any, and each of the Dealers (and their respective affiliates, 
including their respective parent companies, if any) may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and 
other financial instruments of UCB. For instance, the Dealers or affiliates of the Dealers are part of the EUR 
1.0 billion committed syndicated credit facility due to mature in 2024. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum lending commitment by any Dealer under the outstanding 
syndicated term loans, entered into in connection with the acquisitions of Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and 
Zogenix, Inc., and under the undrawn EUR 1 billion committed syndicated credit facility amounts to 
respectively USD 199 million and EUR 68 million. 
The Dealers and their affiliates (including their respective parent companies, where applicable) have engaged 
in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings with, and may perform 
services for, the Issuer or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates (including their respective parent companies, where applicable) may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, or its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including their respective parent companies, where

--- Page 35 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable) may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 36 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “UCB 
Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to 
enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of such Issuer. This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation on 18 October 2022 by the FSMA in its capacity as competent 
authority under the Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer, or any other 
person (other than the relevant Arranger or Dealer) in connection with the Base Prospectus or the issue and 
offering of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see section “Documents incorporated by reference”) and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, is to be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites mentioned herein does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. However, in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the securities and which arises or is noted between the

--- Page 37 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
time when the prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated 
market begins, whichever occurs later, the Issuer shall publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus without 
undue delay. 
The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in any such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or 
any of the Dealers which is intended to permit an offer to the public of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Belgium 
and the United Kingdom) and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor may wish to 
consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;

--- Page 38 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. Potential Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
detailed and overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes. Only 
these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential Investor. This investment 
consideration has to be read in connection with the Taxation section of this Base Prospectus. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium, the official application, interpretation or the administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
PRIIPs / important – EEA retail investors – If the Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any Retail Investor in the European 
Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a “Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors - If the Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any UK Retail Investor in the 
United Kingdom. For these purposes, a “UK Retail Investor” means who is one (or more) of: a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 39 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – If the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
economisch recht/Code de droit economique), as amended.  
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to benchmarks such as 
EURIBOR or any other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such reference rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant benchmark 
administrator and whether such Benchmark administrator appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend 
to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$, USD and $ refer to United States dollars and all references 
to £, pounds and Sterling are to pounds sterling. In addition, all references to EUR, euro and € refer to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its 
import.  
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a Prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
the Euronext Brussels’ regulated market, shall constitute a Prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare and publish an amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent listing of the Notes 
and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request. The supplement shall contain a consolidated version of the supplemented prospectus in an annex, where 
such consolidated version is necessary to ensure comprehensibility of the information given in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Notes before the supplement is published 
shall have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of the supplement, to withdraw 
their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was 
noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 41 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with (i) the audited annual consolidated 
financial statements of UCB for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, drawn 
up in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted for use in the European Union 
together in each case with the audit report thereon, (ii) the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements 
of UCB for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2022 together with the limited review report thereon, (iii) the 
press releases issued by UCB and listed hereunder, and (iii) the specific sections and pages of the UCB’s 2020 
and 2021 Annual Reports referred to in this Base Prospectus, which have been previously published and which 
have been filed with the FSMA. Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge from 
the registered offices of the Issuer and the website of UCB (www.ucb.com). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the audited annual consolidated financial statements 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, as set out in UCB’s 
Annual Report and the unaudited interim financial statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2022 as set 
out in UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report. 
UCB confirms that it has obtained the approval from its auditors to incorporate by reference in this Base 
Prospectus the auditor’s reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and 
the limited review report for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2022. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below is for information purposes only, and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Moreover, where only 
certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference, the non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for 
the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Annual Report and Consolidated audited annual financial statements of UCB for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021  
https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2022-02/2021_UCB-Integrated-Annual-Report_ENG.pdf 
UCB Annual Report 2021 
Together for Patients 
 
Pages 26-51 
Together with our People 
 
Pages 52-71 
Together for Communities 
 
Pages 72-79 
Together for the Planet 
 
Pages 80-93 
Our Governance 
 
Pages 100-171

--- Page 42 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UCB Annual Report 2021 
Business performance review1 
 
Pages 174-188 
Consolidated income statement 
 
Page 189 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Page 190 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
Page 191 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Pages 192 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 193 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
Pages 194-269 
Statutory auditor’s report 
 
Pages 271-275 
Annual Report and Consolidated audited annual financial statements of UCB for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 
https://www.ucb.com/_up/ucb_com_ir/documents/2020%20integrated%20annual%20report%20-%20ENG.pdf 
UCB Annual Report 2020
Chapter 2 (Caring for Patients) 
 
Pages 28-46 
Chapter 3 (Caring for our People) 
 
Pages 48-65 
Global pricing and access challenges 
 
Page 96 
Corporate governance statement 
 
Pages 100-158 
Business performance review2 
 
Pages 162-176 
Consolidated income statement 
 
Page 178 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Page 179 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
Page 180 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Pages 181 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 182 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
Pages 184-262 
Statutory auditor’s report 
 
Pages 264-270 
Condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of UCB for the 6-month period 
ended 30 June 2022 
https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2022-07/UCB_Half-Year_2022_Report_EN_0.pdf 
UCB Half-Year Report 2022
Business Performance Review3 
Pages 3-14 
 
1 Except the paragraph headed “1.14 Financial Guidance 2022” on page 188 of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report. 
2 Except the paragraph headed “Outlook 2021” on page 176 of UCB’s 2020 Annual Report. 
3 Except the paragraph headed “Financial Guidance 2022 confirmed” on page 14

--- Page 43 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
43 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UCB Half-Year Report 2022
Condensed consolidated income statement 
Page 15 
Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 16 
Condensed consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 17 
Condensed consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 18 
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 19 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 20-37 
Statutory auditor’s report 
Page 38

--- Page 44 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. The text of the Conditions 
will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed, amended 
or varied by the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” 
are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. . 
The Notes are issued by UCB SA, a société anonyme, organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered 
office at 60, Allée de la Recherche, B-1070 Brussels and registered with the RLP Brussels under number 
0403.053.608 (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an amended and restated paying, calculation and listing agency agreement 
dated 18 October 2022 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”), between the 
Issuer and BNP Paribas, Belgium Branch as Listing and Paying Agent and a clearing services agreement dated 21 
October 2019 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Clearing Services Agreement”) between the 
Issuer, the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) and the Listing Paying Agent. The Listing and Paying Agent and 
the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below as the “Listing and Paying Agent” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”, respectively, which expressions include any successor appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes. 
The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the Clearing Services Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Clearing Services Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at 
the specified offices of the Issuer during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
References herein to “Conditions” are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series. 
References herein to the “relevant Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to the Notes.  
References herein to “Tranche” mean Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) 
are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and (only if the further Tranche is issued on or after 
the date of the first payment of interest of the first Tranche) date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date 
from which interest starts to accrue. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title  
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Form: 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations), as amended (the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”), and cannot be physically 
delivered. The Notes are accepted for clearance through the clearing system operated by the NBB or any 
successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”), and are accordingly subject to the applicable 
clearing regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its

--- Page 45 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the clearing and its 
annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this 
Condition being referred to herein as the “Securities Settlement System Regulations”). The Noteholders 
will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into notes in bearer form. No definitive bearer certificates will be 
delivered. The Notes will be represented by book entries in the records of the Securities Settlement System 
itself or through participants or sub-participants in such system approved by the Belgian Financial Services 
and Markets Authority. Securities Settlement System maintains securities accounts in the name of authorised 
participants only. Such participants currently include Euroclear, Clearstream Frankfurt, Euronext Securities 
Milan, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. Noteholders, unless they are 
participants, will not hold Notes directly with the operator of the Securities Settlement System but will hold 
them in a securities account through a financial institution which is a participant in the Securities Settlement 
System or which holds them through another financial institution which is such a participant. 
(b) 
Denomination:  
The denomination(s) of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The minimum denomination 
shall be EUR 100,000 and integral multiples thereof. 
(c) 
Title: 
Title to the Notes is evidenced by book entries in the Noteholder’s securities account with the NBB or with 
an approved participant or sub-participant of the Securities Settlement System as referred to under paragraph 
(a) above. The person who is for the time being shown in the records of the Securities Settlement System or 
of an approved participant or sub-participant of the Securities Settlement System as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes shall for all purposes be treated by the Issuer and the Listing and Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of Notes, and the expressions “Noteholders” and “holders of Notes” 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. A “person” means any individual, company, 
corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other 
entity, whether or not having separate legal personality.  
If the relevant Final Terms specify the “X-only Issuance” as “Applicable”, the Notes may be held only, and 
transferred only to, Eligible Investors, as defined in Condition 7 (“Taxation”). 
2 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves, 
and equally with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, but, in the 
event of insolvency, save for such obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of 
general application. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Restriction: So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and the Issuer will ensure that 
none of the Material Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or 
other security interest (each, a “Security Interest”), upon or with respect to the whole or any part of its 
present and future business, undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or to 
secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or 
prior thereto according to the Notes either (i) the same or substantially the same security as is created or 
subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or (ii) such other security 
as shall be approved by an extraordinary resolution of the Noteholders, save that a Material Subsidiary 
may have outstanding a Security Interest in respect of Relevant Indebtedness and/or guarantees or

--- Page 46 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
indemnities given by it in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of any other person (without the obligation 
to provide a Security Interest or guarantee or indemnity or other arrangement in respect of the Notes as 
aforesaid) where such Security Interest is in respect of a company or other entity becoming a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer after the relevant Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and where such Security 
Interest exists at the time that company or other entity becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer (provided that 
such Security Interest was not created or assumed in contemplation of such company or other entity 
becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer and that the principal amount of such Relevant Indebtedness is not 
subsequently increased). 
(b) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Group” means the Issuer and each of its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Material Subsidiary” means: 
(i) 
any Subsidiary which (on an unconsolidated basis and ignoring intra-group items) has earnings 
before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) (calculated on the same basis as 
the consolidated EBITDA of the Group) representing more than 7.5 per cent. of the consolidated 
EBITDA of the Group, or has turnover representing more than 7.5 per cent. of turnover of the 
Group, all as calculated respectively by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end 
of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer relate for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Issuer’s 
latest audited consolidated financial statements shall be deemed to be a reference to such financial 
statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant 
financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors for the time being after 
consultation with the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
any Subsidiary to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and 
assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, 
whereupon (a) in the case of a transfer by a Material Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary 
shall immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and (b) the transferee Subsidiary shall 
immediately become a Material Subsidiary, provided that on or after the date on which the 
relevant financial statements for the financial period current at the date of such transfer are 
published, whether such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary is or is not a Material 
Subsidiary shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above. 
A certificate signed by two of the directors of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer that in their opinion (acting 
in good faith and making such adjustments (if any) as they shall deem appropriate) a Subsidiary is or is not 
or was or was not at any particular time or during any particular period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the 
absence of manifest error or error proven, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other 
transferable debt securities (titres de créance négociables sur le marché des capitaux/schuldinstrumenten 
die op de kapitaalmarkt verhandelbaar zijn in the sense of Article 2, 31°, b) of the Belgian law of 2 August 
2002 on the supervision of the financial sector and on the financial services), whether issued for cash or in 
whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market.

--- Page 47 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a company or other entity which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned 
by the Issuer and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries. For this purpose, for a company to be “controlled” by 
another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by ownership of share capital, the 
possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority 
of the members of the Board of Directors or other governing body of that company or otherwise controls or 
has the power to control the affairs and policies of that company. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
in case of an Alternative Rate or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above does not apply, 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Alternative Rate or 
Successor Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative 
Rate or the Successor Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means, in the absence of a Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(k)(ii) is customary in market 
usage in the international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Belgian Consumer” means a person who is a “consumer” (consument/consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique), 
as amended. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(k)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means, in the determination of the Issuer, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for a period 
of at least five Business Days as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; and/or

--- Page 48 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, or that it will cease to do so on or before a 
specified date; and/or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to the Original Reference 
Rate); and/or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes ; 
and/or 
(E) 
it has become or will become prohibited or unlawful for the Listing and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party appointed by the Issuer, to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation, if applicable); and/or 
(F) 
a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted; and/or 
(G) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer or will be no longer 
representative of an underlying market. 
Provided that, in case of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C) and (D), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the date of the cessation of publication of the Benchmark, in the case of subparagraphs (E), (F) and 
(G), the Benchmark Event shall occur, respectively, on the date of such prohibition, restrictions or 
adverse consequences of use of the Benchmark, the date of withdrawal of the authorization or 
registration, or the date of nonrepresentativeness and not, for the avoidance of doubt, the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
“Business Centre” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Securities Settlement System and the TARGET System 
are operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) and/or

--- Page 49 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/ Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × 𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 ×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which cases D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
cases D2 will be 30 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × 𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 ×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 50 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
50 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × 𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 ×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and

--- Page 51 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
51 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt, as legal 
currency, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 4(k)(i). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period 
forms part and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and

--- Page 52 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
52 
 
 
 
 
 
 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of these Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms and 
these Conditions. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
(4) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Original 
Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the Reference Rate, is the principal Euro-zone office). 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or any other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard 
to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the

--- Page 53 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
53 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(g). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: Floating Rate Notes may only be issued if the relevant Final Terms 
specify the “X-only Issuance” as “Applicable”. Moreover, no Belgian Consumer can subscribe to 
Floating Rate Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms and

--- Page 54 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (i)(1) above applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (i)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in

--- Page 55 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). For the avoidance of doubt, there will not be any 
compounding of Interest. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to paragraph 
(ii) below; 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon or in 
the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all

--- Page 56 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
For the purposes of this paragraph, “Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Put Redemption 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or 
such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Put Redemption Amounts, obtain such quotation 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Put Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Securities Settlement System, the 
Listing and Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or 
other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification

--- Page 57 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. If the Notes are listed on Euronext Brussels or another stock exchange, as 
the case may be, the aggregate nominal amount, if any, of Notes outstanding after an early redemption 
of Notes pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer - Issuer Call) or Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) shall be 
communicated by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to Euronext Brussels or another stock exchange, as the 
case may be. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 4(c)(ii) (Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the “Calculation Agent” shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under these Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Put Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
When Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(k)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in accordance with Condition 4(k)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(k)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(k) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner as an independent expert in the performances of its duties. In 
the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Listing and Paying Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 4(k).

--- Page 58 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(k), if, following the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(k) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(k)(i) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(k)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(k)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(k)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(k)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4(k)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 4(k) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(k)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Listing and Paying Agent of a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(k)(v), the Listing and

--- Page 59 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
59 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paying Agent shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or 
amending the Agency Agreement), provided that the Listing and Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Listing and Paying Agent doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Listing and Paying Agent in these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(k)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(k) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Listing and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Listing and Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Listing and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(k); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
The Listing and Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Listing and Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Listing and Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(k)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(c)(ii) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect 
to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 4(k), on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 4(k) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these

--- Page 60 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
60 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 4(k), will 
continue to apply). 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount). Pursuant to Article 7:62 of 
the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the maturity of the Notes may be perpetual. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such 
Note unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If the relevant Final Terms specify both the “Tax Call Option” and 
the “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” as “Applicable”, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating

--- Page 61 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
61 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition (b) (Early Redemption) above) (together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption), if 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes, and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Listing and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, any right by the Issuer under this Condition 5(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) shall operate as a waiver. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: only if the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term. 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call: if a Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its 
option, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and 
(B) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) above, notice to the 
Listing and Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Notes of any Series for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to 
the date that such notice is given, 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount originally 
issued of the Notes of such Series remain outstanding, provided that those Notes that are no longer 
outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer pursuant to (iv) 
(Make-Whole Call). Any such redemption shall be at par together with accrued interest up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no obligation for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 
limit needed to exercise the Clean-up Call has been reached or is about to be reached, and the 
Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.

--- Page 62 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
62 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
3-Months Par Call : If a 3-Months Par Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, at its option, from (and including) 3 months before the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, subject to having given : 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and 
(B) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) above, notice to the 
Listing and Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Notes of any Series then outstanding, at par together with accrued interest up 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice. 
(iii) 
Acquisition Event Call: if an Acquisition Event Call is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, at its option, if an Acquisition Event (as defined below) occurs after the Issue Date, subject 
to having given : 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and 
(B) 
within the Acquisition Notice Period, not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice 
referred to in (A) above, notice to the Listing and Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Notes of any Series then outstanding, at the redemption amount specified in 
the Final Terms (the “Acquisition Event Call Redemption Amount”) together with accrued interest 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice. 
Acquisition means the acquisition specified in the Final Terms. 
Acquisition Long Stop Date means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
Acquisition Notice Period mean the period specified in the Final Terms, in which the notice to the 
Listing and Paying Agent has to be given. For the avoidance of doubt, the notice to the Noteholders 
does not have to be given during the Acquisition Notice Period. 
Acquisition Event means (a) the Issuer publicly announces on or prior to the Acquisition Long Stop 
Date that it is no longer pursuing the consummation of the Acquisition, or (b) completion of the 
Acquisition not occurring on or prior to the Acquisition Long Stop Date (in which case the 
Acquisition Event will be deemed to have occurred on the Acquisition Long Stop Date). 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Call: If a Make-Whole Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
at its option, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and 
(B) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) above, notice to the 
Listing and Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, 
if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional

--- Page 63 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
63 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected in accordance with the rules of the Securities 
Settlement System, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
In this Condition 5(d) (iv), “Optional Redemption Amount(s)” means (A) the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes per Calculation Amount to be redeemed or such higher amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Floor”) or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an 
annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed) at the Reference Rate plus the Optional 
Redemption Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms, where: 
“CA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency 
is euro, will be Belgium's obligations linéaires - lineaire obligaties (OLOs) or German 
Bundesobligationen traded in the secondary markets, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
selected by the Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
“Calculation Agent” means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by the 
Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Amount, and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12; 
“Reference Bond” means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the security specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Price” means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Maker 
Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference 
Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference 
Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so 
obtained; 
“Reference Market Maker Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Optional Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) 
quoted in writing (including via a page, section, caption, column or other part of an automated 
information service via which quotations of such Reference Market Makers are made available for 
trading purposes) to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final 
Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Day specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Market Makers” means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market 
for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation 
with the Issuer; and

--- Page 64 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
64 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Reference Rate” means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Optional Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: 
(i) 
Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
(A) 
Definitions: In this Condition 5(e), unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
a “Change of Control” shall occur if an offer is made by any person, other than an 
Excepted Person, to all (or as nearly as may be practicable all) Shareholders (or all (or as 
nearly as may be practicable all) such Shareholders other than the offeror and/or any parties 
acting in concert (as defined in Article 3, paragraph 1, 5° of the Belgian Law of 1 April 
2007 on public takeover bids or any modification or re-enactment thereof) with the offeror), 
to acquire all or a majority of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer and (the period 
of such offer being closed, the definitive results of such offer having been announced and 
such offer having become unconditional in all respects) the offeror has acquired or, 
following the publication of the results of such offer by the offeror, is entitled to acquire as 
a result of such offer, post completion thereof, Ordinary Shares or other voting rights of the 
Issuer so that it has the right to cast more than 50 per cent. of the votes which may ordinarily 
be cast on a poll at a general meeting of the Issuer, whereby the date on which the Change 
of Control shall be deemed to have occurred shall be the date of the publication by the 
offeror of the results of the relevant offer (and for the sake of clarity prior to any reopening 
of the offer in accordance with Article 42 of the Royal Decree of 27 April 2007 on Public 
Takeover Bids); 
“Change of Control Notice” has the meaning provided in Condition 5(e)(i)(C). 
“Change of Control Period” shall commence on the date of a Change of Control, and shall 
end 45 days after the date of the Change of Control (which period shall be extended 
following consummation of a Change of Control for so long as any Rating Agency has 
publicly announced within the period ending 45 days after the Change of Control that it is 
considering a possible ratings change, provided that the Change of Control Period shall not 
extend more than 45 days after the public announcement of such consideration). 
“Change of Control Put Exercise Period” means the period commencing on the date of 
an Early Redemption Event and ending 60 calendar days following the Early Redemption 
Event, or, if later, 60 calendar days following the date on which a Change of Control Notice 
is given to Noteholders as required by Condition 5(e)(i)(C). 
“Change of Control Put Date” has the meaning provided in Condition 5(e)(i)(B). 
“Change of Control Put Exercise Notice” has the meaning provided in Condition 
5(e)(i)(B). 
“Change of Control Resolutions” has the meaning provided in Condition 5(e)(i)(D). 
“Excepted Person” means Financière de Tubize S.A., either by itself or acting together 
with (i) any shareholder of the Issuer with whom, as per the relevant Issue Date, Financière 
de Tubize S.A has declared acting in concert separately in accordance with article 1, §1,

--- Page 65 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
65 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13° of the law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings in issuers whose 
securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and (ii) any person or persons 
controlled by Financière de Tubize S.A. or any of the persons referred to under (i) above.  
“Investment Grade” means if the relevant rating is provided by Standard & Poor’s and/or 
Fitch, a rating of BBB- or higher or, if the relevant rating is provided by Moody’s , a rating 
of Baa3 or higher. 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer currently 
with no-par value. 
“Put Redemption Amount” means an amount per Calculation Amount calculated by 
multiplying the Put Redemption Rate by the Calculation Amount both as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms of such Note and rounding, if necessary, the resultant figure to nearest 
minimum sub-unit of euro (half of such unit being rounded downwards). 
“Rating Agencies” shall mean S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & 
Poor’s”), Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) or Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
(“Moody’s”), and their respective affiliates, successors and assigns. 
“Rating Downgrade” means any downgrade of the rating of the Issuer by a Rating Agency 
to below Investment Grade. 
“Shareholders” means the holders of Ordinary Shares. 
(B) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that: 
(i) 
a Change of Control occurs at the time the Issuer is not rated or has a lower rating 
than Investment Grade; or 
(ii) 
a Change of Control occurs at the time the Issuer benefits from an Investment 
Grade rating, and within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs 
which is expressed by the relevant Rating Agency to be in whole or in part related 
to that Change of Control, 
(each an “Early Redemption Event”), then: 
the holder of each Note will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the 
Change of Control Put Date at the Put Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date.  
To exercise such right, the holder of the Note must (i) deliver or cause to be delivered to 
the Listing and Paying Agent a certificate issued by the relevant recognised account holders 
(teneurs de comptes agréés) certifying that the relevant Note is held to its order or under 
its control and blocked by it or transfer the relevant Note to the Listing and Paying Agent 
and (ii) complete and deliver to, or deposit with the bank or other financial intermediary 
through which it holds the Notes (the “Financial Intermediary”) for further delivery to, 
the Issuer with a copy to the Listing and Paying Agent a duly completed and signed notice 
of exercise in the form for the time being currently obtainable from the Listing and Paying 
Agent (a “Change of Control Put Exercise Notice”), at any time during the Change of 
Control Put Exercise Period.

--- Page 66 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
66 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The “Change of Control Put Date” shall be the fourteenth TARGET Business Day after 
the expiry of the Change of Control Put Exercise Period. 
Payment in respect of any such Note shall be made by transfer to an account denominated 
in the currency of the relevant Note maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the TARGET System as specified by the relevant Noteholder in the 
Change of Control Put Exercise Notice. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, once delivered, shall be irrevocable and the 
Issuer shall redeem all Notes the subject of Change of Control Put Exercise Notices 
delivered as aforesaid on the Change of Control Put Date. 
If, as a result of this Condition 5(e)(i), holders of the Notes submit Change of Control Put 
Exercise Notices in respect of at least 85 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, the Issuer may, only if the Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term, having given 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Early 
Redemption Amount. Payment in respect of any such Note shall be made as specified above. 
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that the Change of Control Put can only 
be exercised in specified circumstances of a Change of Control as defined in the Conditions 
and, if applicable, a Rating Downgrade of UCB. This may not cover all situations where a 
change of control may occur or where successive changes of control occur in relation to 
the Issuer. In particular, with respect to Notes issued on or after 27 April 2023, the Change 
of Control Put can only be exercised provided, that prior to the occurrence of the Change 
of Control, (i) the Change of Control Resolutions have been approved by the shareholders 
of the Issuer in a general meeting and (ii) such resolutions have been filed with the Clerk 
of the Business Court of Brussels (greffe du tribunal de l’entreprise/griffie van de 
ondernemingsrechtbank). If a Change of Control occurs prior to such approval and filing 
or if the shareholders do not approve the Change of Control Put, Noteholders will not be 
entitled to exercise the option set out in Condition 5(e)(i). 
Noteholders should note that the Change of Control Put can only be exercised provided, 
that prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, (i) the Change of Control Resolutions 
have been approved by the shareholders of the Issuer in a general meeting and (ii) such 
resolutions have been filed with the Clerk of the Business Court of Brussels (greffe du 
tribunal de l’entreprise/griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank). If a Change of Control 
occurs prior to such approval and filing or if the shareholders do not approve the Change 
of Control Put, Noteholders will not be entitled to exercise the option set out in Condition 
5(e)(i). The Change of Control Put was approved at the general meeting of shareholders of 
UCB held on 28 April 2022 in respect of any series of notes to which such condition is 
made applicable being issued under the Programme until 27 April 2023 (included). In the 
event that the shareholders do not approve the Change of Control Put as detailed in 
Condition 5(e)(i) at the general meeting of shareholders of UCB to be held on 27 April 
2023, such provision will not be effective in respect of all Notes issued after 27 April 2023. 
There can be no assurance that such approval will be granted at such meeting and, hence, 
that the Change of Control Put will be able to be exercised by the Noteholders

--- Page 67 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
Change of Control Notice 
Within 5 Brussels business days following an Early Redemption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (a “Change of Control 
Notice”). The Change of Control Notice shall contain a statement informing Noteholders 
of their entitlement to exercise their rights to require redemption of their Notes pursuant to 
Condition 5(e)(i). 
The Change of Control Notice shall also specify: 
(i) 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all information material to 
Noteholders concerning the Change of Control; 
(ii) 
the last day of the Change of Control Put Exercise Period; 
(iii) 
the Change of Control Put Date; 
(iv) 
the Put Redemption Amount. 
The Listing and Paying Agent shall not be required to monitor or take any steps to ascertain 
whether a Change of Control or any event which could lead to a Change of Control has 
occurred or may occur and will not be responsible or liable to Noteholders or any other 
person for any loss arising from any failure by it to do so. 
(D) 
If the Change of Control Resolutions are not passed 
If a Change of Control Resolution Approval Deadline is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and by that Change of Control Resolution Approval Deadline: 
(i) 
the Change of Control Resolutions are not passed, approved or adopted at a General 
Meeting of the Shareholders of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Change of Control Resolutions have not been duly filed with the Clerk of the 
Commercial Court of Brussels; 
then, with effect from the Interest Period starting on the first Interest Payment Date 
following the Change of Control Resolution Approval Deadline, the rate of interest payable 
on the Notes shall be increased by the Change of Control Step-Up Margin per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Change of Control Resolutions” means one or more resolutions duly passed, approved 
or adopted at a General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer approving the provisions of 
Condition 5(e)(i). 
(ii) 
Other Put Options (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder 
of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon or in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deliver or cause to deliver to the Listing and Paying 
Agent a certificate issued by the relevant recognised account holders (teneurs de comptes agréés) 
certifying that the relevant Note is held to its order or under its control and blocked by it or 
transfer the relevant Note to the Listing and Paying Agent and deposit with the Listing and Paying

--- Page 68 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
68 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from 
the Listing and Paying Agent in which the Noteholder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be cancelled, held, reissued or 
resold at the option of the Issuer.  
6 
Payments  
(a) 
Payments under the Notes 
(i) 
Payments in euro: All payments in euro of principal or interest owing under the Notes shall be 
made through the Listing and Paying Agent and the Securities Settlement System in accordance 
with the Securities Settlement System Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement. The 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be discharged by payment to the NBB in 
respect of each amount so paid. 
(ii) 
Payment in other currencies: All payments in any currency other than euro of principal or interest 
owing under the Notes shall be made through the Listing and Paying Agent and Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Frankfurt, Euronext Securities Milan, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear 
France and/or LuxCSD or other participants of the Securities Settlement System, as applicable 
(in accordance with the rules thereof, and in accordance with the Securities Settlement System 
Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement). 
(b) 
Payment subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) 
any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or other official guidance, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto (“FATCA Withholding”). No commissions or expenses shall be charged by the Listing 
and Paying Agent to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Listing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agent of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency with any of the 
Noteholders. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Listing 
and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents provided however, 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Listing and Paying Agent in the Securities Settlement 
System, (ii) one or more calculation agent(s) where the Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any such 
change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 6(d), “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange

--- Page 69 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
69 
 
 
 
 
 
 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency, or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7 
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Tax Jurisdiction or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection 
with the Tax Jurisdiction other than by reason of (a) the mere holding of or (b) the receipt of principal, 
interest or other amount in respect of the Note; or 
(b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid 
(but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where 
the relevant Note is presented for payment; or 
(c) 
Payment to non Eligible Investors : to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who on the date of 
acquisition of a Note, was not an Eligible Investor or who was an Eligible Investor on the date of 
acquisition of such Note but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, either ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after the date of acquisition of such Note, otherwise failed to meet 
any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 
relating to certain securities; or 
(d) 
Payment to individuals: where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual 
and is required to be made pursuant to European Council Directive 2014/107/EU or any law 
implementing or complying with, or introduced as a result of or in order to conform to, such Directive 
or any agreement between the EU and any other country or territory providing for similar measures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA 
Withholding. 
As used in this Condition, “Eligible Investor” means those entities which are referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian 
Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (as amended from time to time) and which hold 
the Notes in an exempt account in the Securities Settlement System. 
As used in this Condition, “Tax Jurisdiction” means the Kingdom of Belgium. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, means the date on which payment in respect 
of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in accordance with the Conditions, 
such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final

--- Page 70 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
70 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Put Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
ten (10) years (in the case of principal (or any other amount (other than interest) payable in respect of the Notes)) or 
five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing then any Note may, by notice 
in writing given by the Noteholder to the Issuer at its registered office with a copy to the Listing and Paying Agent 
at its specified office be declared immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment, without further formality unless such event shall have been remedied 
prior to the receipt of such notice by the Listing and Paying Agent: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or premium or interest on any of the Notes when 
due and such failure continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal or premium and 14 days in 
the case of interest unless in any such event the amount due is not paid due to circumstances affecting 
the marking or clearing of the payment which are outside the control of the Issuer, in which case such 
event shall not constitute an Event of Default so long as such circumstances continue in existence but, 
save for circumstances where no alternative means of payment are available, no later than 30 days after 
the due date; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Covenants, Agreements or Undertakings: the Issuer does not perform or comply 
with any one or more of its other covenants, agreements or undertakings in the Notes or the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, which default is incapable of remedy or, if capable of remedy, is not 
remedied within 20 Brussels business days after notice of such default shall have been given by any 
Noteholder to the Issuer at its registered office; or 
(c) 
Cross-Acceleration: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
for or in respect of moneys borrowed becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of 
the occurrence of an event of default (howsoever described) thereunder, or (ii) any such indebtedness is 
not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or within five Brussels 
business days of becoming due if a longer grace period is not applicable or (iii) the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period or within 
five Brussels business days if a longer grace period is not applicable, any amount payable by it under 
any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed, (unless in any 
such case external legal advisers to the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, of 
recognised standing have advised that such indebtedness or other amount is not due and payable, and 
the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, is contesting such point in good faith), 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant financial indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities 
in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) have 
occurred equals or exceeds €50,000,000 or its equivalent; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment or execution is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against any of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or, any Material Subsidiary having an

--- Page 71 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
71 
 
 
 
 
 
 
aggregate value of at least €50,000,000 or its equivalent and is not discharged or stayed within 45 
Brussels business days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of any of its property or assets for an 
amount at the relevant time of at least €50,000,000 or its equivalent becomes enforceable and any step 
is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or 
other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is judicially determined or formally admitted to be 
insolvent or bankrupt or (other than in respect of any debts owed to another member of the Group) is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, suspends or announces its intention to stop or suspend 
payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) such debts or makes any agreement for 
the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of a particular type of) such debts (or any 
particular debt, in each case which it will or might otherwise be unable to pay when due), proposes or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is declared or comes into effect in respect of 
all or any part of (or of a particular type of) such debts of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary; 
or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Material 
Subsidiary), or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by a resolution of the 
Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertakings and assets of the 
Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c) to (g) above. 
10 Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: 
All meetings of Noteholders of a Series of Notes will be held in accordance with the provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders (the “Noteholders” Provisions”) set out in Schedule 1 (Provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders) to these Conditions (which schedule forms an integral part of these 
Conditions). 
Such a meeting may be convened by the board of directors of the Issuer or its auditors and shall be 
convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of Noteholders of a Series of Notes holding not 
less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series. 
Any modification or waiver of the Notes of a Series or the Conditions of that Series proposed by 
the Issuer may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Noteholders’ 
Provisions). A meeting of Noteholders of a Series will be entitled (subject to the assent of the Issuer) 
to modify or waive any provision of the Conditions applicable to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, any proposal (i) to modify the maturity of the Notes or the dates on which interest is 
payable in respect of the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or interest on, the 
Notes or (iii) to change the currency of payment of the Notes), in accordance with the quorum and 
majority requirements set out in the Noteholders’ Provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, any

--- Page 72 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
modification or waiver of a Series of Notes or the Conditions of that Series shall always be subject 
to the consent of the Issuer. 
Resolutions duly passed in accordance with these provisions shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
of a Series of Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not they vote in 
favour of such a resolution. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders of a Series shall be made in accordance with the 
Noteholders’ Provisions and in accordance with Condition 12(a) (Notices). 
The Noteholders’ Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in dematerialized 
form and settled through the Securities Settlement System, in respect of any matters proposed by 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall be entitled, where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have 
been notified to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing systems as provided in the 
Noteholders’ Provisions, to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant securities 
settlement system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding.  
To the extent such electronic consent is not being sought, the Noteholders’ Provisions provide that, 
if authorised by the Issuer and to the extent permitted by Belgian law, a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of holders of Notes of a Series of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of holders of Notes of that Series duly convened and 
held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to those 
Noteholders of that Series through the relevant settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders of that Series.  
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the 
terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modifications of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement and/or the Clearing 
Services Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or which in the Listing and Paying Agent’s opinion is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
11 Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the amount and (only 
if the further Tranche is issued on or after the date of the first payment of interest of the first Tranche) date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue) (so that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date 
of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.  
12 Notices

--- Page 73 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
73 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Notices to the Noteholders: Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if (i) published on the website of 
the Issuer, (ii) published through the usual newswires agency (or any of the usual newswires agencies) 
used by the Issuer to discharge its ongoing information duties pursuant to the Royal Decree of 
14 November 2007 and (iii) delivered to the National Bank of Belgium for communication to the 
Noteholders via participants in the Securities Settlement System. The Issuer shall also ensure that all 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed for the time being. Any notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication. 
(b) 
Notices by the Noteholders: Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and 
given by lodging the same with the Listing and Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Convening Notices : convening notices for meeting of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with condition 12 (a) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall 
specify the day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed. 
13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  
(i) The Courts of Brussels (Belgium) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out or in connection with the Notes may be brought in such courts. 
(ii) If the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, paragraph (i) is without prejudice to the jurisdiction of any courts pursuant to Article 624, 
1°, 2° and 4° of the Belgian Judicial Code.

--- Page 74 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
 
1. Interpretation 
1.1. 
In the Conditions and this Schedule, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 5.2 of this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders); 
“Ordinary Resolution” means any resolution with regard to any matters listed in paragraph 3.1of this 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at 
least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
“Recognised Accountholder” means, in relation to one or more Notes issued by the Issuer, the recognised 
account holder recognized (teneur de compte agréé/erkende rekening houder) in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code, with whom a Noteholder holds such Notes on a securities account; 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System in accordance with paragraph 5.1 of this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders); and 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of a Series of Notes 
holding not less than 75% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series Notes. 
1.2. 
References to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the 
context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.3. 
References to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a meeting 
has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of the Notes of that Series, respectively 
1.4. 
References to persons representing a proportion of the Notes of a Series are to Noteholders, proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
2. Powers of meetings 
2.1. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to 
any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
(i) to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, or 
arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer, whether or not those rights arise 
under the Notes; 
(ii) to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Listing and 
Paying Agent; 
(iii) to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 75 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) to appoint any person or persons (whether Noteholders or not) as an individual or committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(vi) to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or under applicable law; and 
(vii) to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the nature 
or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any existing 
security interests. 
2.2. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Agreement, a meeting of Noteholders shall, upon proposal of or with the assent of the Issuer, 
have power by Special Quorum Resolution: 
(i) to amend the Maturity Date or date of redemption of the Notes or any date for payment interest or any 
other amonts due or payable under the Notes; 
(ii) to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a reduction in any Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or a modification of the 
conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iii) to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate, or a 
modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(iv) to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payment; 
(v) to assent to an exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer; 
(vi) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(vii) to change the quorum required at any meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(viii) 
to amend this provision. 
2.3. 
No Amendment to the Notes which, in the opinion of the Issuer, relates to any of the matters listed in paragraph 
2.2 shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of Noteholders complying in all respect with the 
requirements set out in the Conditions and this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders). 
3. Powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolutions 
3.1. 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Ordinary Resolution) without prejudice to any other powers 
conferred on it or any other person: 
(i) to approve any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders; 
(ii) to approve the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; 
(iii) to approve any other decision which does not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. 
3.2. 
No Amendment to the Notes which, in the opinion of the Issuer, relates to any of the matters listed in paragraph 
3.1 shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of Noteholders complying in all respect with the 
requirements of Belgian law, the provisions set out this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) 
and the articles of associations of the Issuer.

--- Page 76 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
76 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Convening a meeting 
4.1. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of 
that Series for the time being outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the 
Listing and Paying Agent. 
4.2. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
5. Arrangements for voting 
5.1. 
A Voting Certificate shall 
(i) be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System;  
(ii) state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were held to 
its order or under its control and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and 
blocked until the first to occur of:  
a. 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such Voting Certificate or, if applicable, any adjourned 
such meeting; and 
b. the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement 
System who issued the same; and  
(iii) further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate.  
5.2. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall:  
(i) be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System;  
(ii) certify that (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued 
which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were held to its order or under its 
control and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first 
to occur of:  
a. 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such adjourned 
meeting; and  
b. the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or by the Securities Settlement System to 
the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control and blocked 
and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction;  
(iii) certify that each Noteholder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note(s) so held and blocked should be 
cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting or

--- Page 77 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
 
 
any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the 
period commencing three (3) business days prior to the time for which such meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof;  
(iv) state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the votes 
attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which instructions 
have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution and (iii) 
those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and  
(v) naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a proxy) as being authorised and instructed to 
cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 5.2(iv) 
above as set out in such document.  
5.3. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed for 
the meeting to the order of the Listing and Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the 
Listing and Paying Agent for the purpose. The Listing and Paying Agent or such bank or other depositary 
shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
5.4. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction.  
5.5. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in respect 
of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less than three (3) 
business days before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting instructions and Block Voting 
Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and Block Voting Instructions shall be 
valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. During the validity thereof, the 
holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting 
Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to be the Noteholder of 
the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates.  
5.6. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business.  
6. Chairman 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such nomination 
is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the meeting the 
Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which the Issuer may 
appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an adjourned meeting 
need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
7. Attendance 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
(i) Noteholders and their respecive agents, financial and legal advisers; 
(ii) the chairman and the secretary of the meeting;

--- Page 78 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) the Issuer and the Listing and Paying Agent (through their respective representatives) and their 
respective financial and legal advisers; and 
(iv) any other person approved by the meeting. 
No one else may attend or speak at a meeting.  
8. Quorum and Adjournment 
8.1. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for the 
meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall be 
adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the chairman 
may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, it 
shall be dissolved. 
8.2. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
(i) only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below; and 
(ii) in the cases marked "No minimum proportion" in the table below, whatever the proportion of the Notes 
which they represent, 
Purpose of Meeting 
Required proportion for a 
meeting to be quorate at 
an initial meeting 
Required proportion for a 
meeting to be quorate at a 
meeting previously 
adjourned through want of 
a quorum 
Required proportion 
Required Proportion 
To pass a Special Quorum 
Resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per. cent 
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution 
50 per cent. 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary 
Resolution 
50 per cent 
No minimum proportion 
 
8.3. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time to 
time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting may be 
transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 8.1. 
8.4. 
At least ten (10) days’ notice of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in the same 
manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned meeting. 
No notice need, however, otherwise be given of an adjourned meeting. 
9. Voting 
9.1. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on the 
declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more persons 
representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
9.2. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall be 
conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of or 
against it.

--- Page 79 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.3. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or after 
such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent the meeting 
continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been demanded. 
9.4. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once.  
9.5. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way. 
9.6. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to any other votes which he may have. 
10. Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
10.1. An Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the meeting, when it has been validly passed in accordance with 
the conditions set out in this Schedule and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The 
passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The 
Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an An Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolution to Noteholders within fourteen (14) days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the 
resolution. 
11. Minutes 
11.1. Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed by 
the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters 
in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed shall 
be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to 
have been duly passed and transacted.  
11.2. The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
12. Electronic Consent 
12.1. Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs (a) and/or (b) below, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to the Listing and Paying Agent or 
another domiciliary agent specified by the Issuer for such purpose in accordance with their operating rules 
and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in principal amount of the Notes outstanding 
(the "Required Proportion") ("Electronic Consent") by close of business on the date of the blocking of their 
accounts in the relevant clearing system(s) (the "Consent Date"). Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. The Issuer 
shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
(i) When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least 10 days' 
notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which affirmative consents 
will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). The notice 
shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the proposed 
resolution, the method by which their consents may be given (including, where applicable, the Consent

--- Page 80 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
80 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date by which they must be received in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject 
to and in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s). 
(ii) If, on the Consent Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first counted, 
such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall, if the party proposing 
such resolution (the "Proposer") so determines, be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall 
be notified in writing to the Listing and Paying Agent. Alternatively, the Proposer may give a further 
notice to Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as 
shall be agreed with the Listing and Paying Agent. Such notice must inform Noteholders that 
insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution and the information specified 
in sub-paragraph (i) above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to "Consent Date" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
12.2. For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by 
the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with 
paragraph 4.2 above. 
12.3. An Electronic Consent shall take effect as as if there were an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum 
Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution. An Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders whether or 
not they participated in such Electronic Consent. 
13. Written Resolutions 
13.1. Unless Electronic Consent is being sought in accordance with paragraph 31.1, a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall 
for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the terms of 
the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant securities 
settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of determining 
whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the securities settlement system(s) 
with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another 
person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder for whom 
such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the 
Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative securities settlement 
system (the “relevant securities settlement system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant securities 
settlement system and the accountholder identified by the relevant securities settlement system for the 
purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise 
any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant securities settlement system 
(including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of Notes is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to 
be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
13.2. A Written Resolution shall take effect as if there were an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum 
Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution will be binding on all Noteholders whether or 
not they participated in such Written Resolution.

--- Page 81 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer will generally be used for general corporate and 
financing purposes of the Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
These general corporate and financing purposes may include, among other things, the refinancing of existing 
indebtedness, the financing of the UCB Group’s investment programmes, acquisitions, pension obligations and 
general working capital requirements. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 82 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF UCB  
1 
Overview of UCB and its business 
UCB SA is a limited liability company under Belgian law (“naamloze vennootschap”/“société anonyme”) and 
was incorporated in Belgium on 26 May 1925. Its registered office is located at 60 Allée de la Recherche, 1070 
Brussels, Belgium (telephone number: +32 2 559 99 99) and it is registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises under enterprise number (“ondernemingsnummer”/“numéro d’entreprise”) VAT-BE 0403.053.608 
RLP Brussels (“UCB”). The website of UCB is www.ucb.com. For the avoidance of doubt, the information on 
the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. UCB’s Ordinary Shares have been listed on the Belgian 
Stock Exchange (now Euronext Brussels) since incorporation. 
UCB and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “UCB Group”) constitute a global biopharmaceutical company, 
headquartered in Brussels (Belgium). The UCB Group is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the 
discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with 
severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. 
The strategy of the UCB Group is driven by its ambition to be the patient preferred biotech leader, creating 
patient value for specific populations through unique outcomes, the best experience and improving as many of 
these lives as possible. The UCB Group wants to be present and lead in specific patient populations by 2025, 
defined by leading patient share in the relevant segment. Its innovation focus is on developing differentiated 
medicines with high predictability of response and on exploring new scientific platforms. Today, the UCB 
Group differentiates itself by focusing on a patient-driven approach offering patient solutions for a range of 
severe neurology and immunology disorders, including epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis, 
psoriatic arthritis and other inflammatory arthritis indications as well as bone loss disorders.  
The key marketed products of the UCB Group currently are Vimpat®, Briviact®, Nayzilam® and Keppra®, 
Fintepla® (since the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc in March 2022) as well as Neupro® for neurological diseases. 
For immunology, the key marketed products are Cimzia® and Evenity®, as well as Bimzelx® (see section 6 
for further details).  
The UCB Group is seeking to supplement its current marketed products by a research and development pipeline 
focusing on underserved patient populations, including patients living with epilepsy, myasthenia gravis, 
psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, axial spondyloarthitis and hidradenitis suppurativa.  
The UCB Group has strategic research centers in Slough (U.K.), Braine-l’Alleud (Belgium) and the Boston 
area (U.S.). As of 31 December 2021, the principal geographic markets of the UCB Group were: Europe with 
26% of net sales, U.S. with 53% of net sales and international markets (including China and Japan) with 21% 
of net sales.  
Employing 8 561 people (31 December 2021) and operating in 37 countries, the UCB Group generated revenues 
of EUR 5,777 million in 2021 with underlying profitability (adjusted EBITDA) reaching EUR 1,641 million.  
2 
Corporate purpose 
According to article 3 of the Articles, the purpose of UCB is to hold and manage direct or indirect shareholdings 
in other companies having a purpose directly or indirectly related to research, development, industrial or 
commercial activities, focused mainly, but not exclusively, on the pharmaceutical industry. UCB can provide 
support services for third parties, in particular for companies in which UCB has a direct or indirect interest. 
More generally it can undertake any commercial, industrial, financial, property or real estate operations both in 
Belgium or elsewhere, which may be directly or indirectly related to the above purposes, including, without

--- Page 83 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
83 
 
 
 
 
 
 
being limited to, the financing of the companies in which it has an interest by way of loans, guarantees, grants 
of securities or in any other manner. 
3 
Selected Financial Highlights – Capital Structure Highlights 
Summary of the UCB Group Financial Data (Consolidated figures – EUR millions) based on based on UCB’s 
2021 Annual Report and UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report: 
Income Statement 
 
HY 2022  
FY 2021  
 
 
 
 
€ million 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
 
Net Sales 
2 705 
5 471 
Royalty income and fees 
45  
 79 
Other revenue 
175 
 227 
Revenue 
2 925  
5 777 
Cost of sales 
- 845  
- 1 438 
Gross profit 
2 080  
4 339 
 
 
 
Marketing and selling expenses 
- 730  
- 1 346 
Research and development expenses 
-798  
- 1 629 
General and administrative expenses 
- 115  
- 208 
Other operating income/expenses (-) 
114  
162 
Operating profit before impairment, restructuring 
and other income and expenses 
551  
1 318 
 
 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
0  
-6 
Restructuring expenses 
- 9  
- 21 
Other income/expenses (-) 
- 52  
 - 7 
Operating profit 
490 
 1 284 
 
 
 
Financial income 
39  
 80 
Financial expenses 
- 48  
- 138 
Share of loss of associates 
0  
0 
Profit before income taxes 
481  
 1226 
Income tax expense 
- 82  
-170 
Profit from continuing operations 
399  
1056 
 
 
 
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations 
 0  
3 
 
 
 
PROFIT 
399  
1058 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of UCB SA 
399  
 1058 
Non-controlling interests 
0  
 0

--- Page 84 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
84 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HY 2022  
FY 2021  
 
 
 
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE (€) 
 
 
from continuing operations 
2.10  
 5.59 
from discontinued operations 
0  
0.01 
Total basic earnings per share 
2.10  
 5.60 
 
 
 
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (€) 
 
 
from continuing operations 
2.05 
 5.44 
from discontinued operations 
0  
0.01 
Total diluted earnings per share 
2.05  
 5.45 
Consolidated balance sheet summary 
€ million 
HY 2022  
FY 2021  
  
 
 
  
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
13 049  
10 500 
 
 
 
Current assets 
3 259 
3 710 
 
 
 
Total assets 
16 308 
14 210 
 
 
 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
8 917 
8 386 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
4 495 
3000 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
2 896 
2 824 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
7 391 
5 824 
 
 
 
Total equity and liabilities 
16 308 
14 210 
 
Debt maturity profile 
Summary of the maturity dates of the main financial borrowings of the UCB Group as outstanding as at 30 June 
2022 expressed in euros and in notional amounts. 
 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
Term loan facilities 
- 
- 
- 
1 254 
- 
763 
- 
Belgian retail bonds 
- 
176 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Institutional eurobonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
150 
500 
As at end of June 2022, EUR 826 million of senior unsecured bonds were outstanding. USD 2,115 million of 
bullet term loans were outstanding under 1) the USD 2,070 million syndicated term loan facility agreement that 
was contracted in 2019 to finance the acquisition of Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and which was fully drawn as

--- Page 85 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
85 
 
 
 
 
 
 
well as partially repaid in 2020 and 2021, and 2) the USD 800 million syndicated term loan facility agreement 
that was contracted in 2022 to finance the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc. No moneys were borrowed under the 
EUR 1.0 billion committed syndicated revolving credit facility or under the EUR 350 million bilateral term 
loan facility. 
As per the end of June 2022, other financial liabilities amounted to EUR 369 million. Figures relating to the 
other financial liabilities of the UCB Group may be found in note 3.27 of the condensed consolidated unaudited 
interim financial statements of the UCB Group for the half year ended 30 June 2022, and should be read together 
with the information on financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as contained in note 3.7 
of the same interim financial statements. Total equity was EUR 8,917 million and total financial capital was 
EUR 11,419 million, and therefore the gearing ratio was 22% (compared to 9% as per end December 2021). 
At present the UCB Group is not subject to any financial covenants as part of its debt agreements.  
4 
Current Organisational Structure 
UCB is the holding company of the UCB Group, with approximately 73 subsidiaries, which are almost all 
directly or indirectly wholly owned.  
 
The UCB Group operates an organisational model with a clear focus on key disease or domain expertise areas. 
This structure comprises five Patient Value (PV) Solutions areas (PV Early Solutions, PV Development 
Solutions, PV Immunology & US Solutions, PV Neurology & EU International, PV Supply and Technology 
Solutions) and three Patient Value Support functions (PV Corporate Development and Finance, PV Legal and 
Risk, PV Talent and Company Reputation). 
 
This organizational model was implemented in 2019 in order to support internal collaboration, achieve 
increased agility and seeks to achieve more efficiency in reaching the goals of the UCB Group. In addition to 
the Patient Value Solutions and Patient Value Support functions which are represented in the Executive 
Committee, the Sustainability team and the Internal Audit team report directly to the CEO of the UCB Group.  
 
For more information, please see our Annual Report, p. 281.  
5 
Key Strengths and Strategies of UCB  
The Patient Value Strategy, launched in 2015, has been the driver of the performance of the UCB Group by 
putting patients and their individual experiences at the heart of its activities, from discovery to development to 
delivery. The UCB Group seeks to leverage on patient insights for informing science and for building solutions 
that can be delivered to patients. Through such continuous dialogue with patients, it aims to develop innovative 
and differentiated solutions that can deliver its ambition for patients in specific patient populations. 
This long-term strategy is implemented over three strategic phases: “Grow and Prepare” from 2015-2018, 
“Accelerate and Expand” (2019-2021) and finally “Breakthrough and Lead” in specific populations by 2025 
(2022-2025). During the second phase “Accelerate and Expand”, the UCB Group aimed to focus on patients 
who can benefit most from its marketed products, to strengthen its R&D (by further developing its late-stage 
pipeline, by accelerating development timelines through new approaches and by improving patients’ access to 
its key medicines) and to act on potential opportunities (by acquiring, partnering, or divesting).  
During the “Accelerate and Expand” phase, the UCB group delivered by reaching more than 3 700 000 patients 
in 2021, providing growth in core products, leading to a cumulative annual revenue growth rate of 8%. It had 
four successful launches (global and/or regional): Briviact®, Nazylam®, Evenity® and Bimzelx®. 
Furthermore, it obtained six positive phase 3 results out of 6 studies, with Bimzelx® approved in Europe, Great

--- Page 86 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
86 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Britain, Canada, Australia and Japan. During this phase it identified and acted on potential new opportunities 
with the acquisitions of Ra Pharmaceuticals (zilucoplan), Nayzilam®, Engage Therapeutics, Handl 
Therapeutics, and more recently, the acquisition of Zogenix (Fintepla®). It also partnered with Roche/Gentech 
and with Novartis during 2021.  
During the current “Breakthrough and Lead” phase, the UCB Group aims to be present and lead in specific 
patient sub-populations by 2025, bringing bimekizumab, zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab to patients, 
broadening patient access to Evenity® and Nayzilam®, and now also Fintepla®, and delivering breakthrough 
solutions, while mitigating the loss of exclusivity of Cimzia®, Vimpat® and E-Keppra®. 
In executing on this strategy, the UCB Group remains focussed on: 
(a) 
The successful commercialisation of Cimzia, Vimpat, Keppra, Briviact®, Neupro, 
Evenity®, Nayzilam®, Bimzelx® and Fintepla® building on a global footprint and a leading role 
in developing epilepsy treatments. 
The UCB Group is focused on achieving commercial success for its existing key products Cimzia, 
Vimpat, Keppra, Briviact®, Neupro, Evenity® and Nayzilam® as well the more recently launched 
products Bimzelx® and, through the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc., Fintepla®. The commercialisation of 
the existing key products of the UCB Group has been supported by adding new indications, thus 
broadening the patient base, and introducing these key products into new geographical areas, particularly 
during the Grow and Prepare and Accelerate and Expand phases of UCB’s Patient Value Strategy. This 
has and, save for the impact of loss of exclusivity, continues to contribute to the continued growth of the 
revenues of the UCB Group in the current Breakthrough and Lead phase. 
The UCB Group has a trusted heritage within, and proven commitment to, the epilepsy community, with 
Keppra® (levetiracetam), Vimpat® (lacosamide), Briviact® (brivaracetam), Nayzilam® (midazolam) 
and Fintepla® (fenfluramine) providing significant treatment options for many people living with 
epilepsy. The UCB Group is recognised as a global leader in epilepsy and continues to develop new 
treatment opportunities in this area as further described in Part 8, “Research and Development” of this 
description of UCB. 
Also, with operations in 36 countries and the top 20 pharmaceutical markets, the UCB Group has fully 
integrated operations in the world’s more established pharmaceutical markets, including North America, 
Japan, Germany, France, Italy, the UK and Spain, as well as a growing presence in markets such as 
China. The UCB Group’s commercialisation strategies are optimized on global and local level and may 
include partnering such as the co-development and co-commercialisation of Evenity® with Amgen and 
the co-promotion of Cimzia® in Crohn’s disease with Ferring in the U.S. 
Vimpat® lost patent exclusivity in the US in March 2022 and in Europe in September 2022 (while it is 
patent protected until 2024 in Japan). Neupro lost its original patent exclusivity in Europe and the U.S. 
in 2021. Keppra lost patent exclusivity from generic competition in the U.S. in 2008 and in the EU in 
2010 and lost its data exclusivity protection in Japan (E-Keppra®) at the end of 2021. For more 
information on the initial impact from generic competition on Vimpat® in US and E-Keppra® in Japan, 
please see note 1.4 (“Net sales by geographical area”) on page 8 of UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report. Other 
products no longer protected by patents are referred to as “established brands”, representing 6% of the 
UCB Group’s net sales in 2021. This portfolio includes established brands such as Zyrtec®, Xyzal®, or 
Nootropil®. These are no longer actively promoted in major market geographies by the UCB Group, but 
they retain a steady or declining market share and sales, and therefore provide a source of income for 
the business. For a detailed description of the exclusivity or patent expiration dates of the other key

--- Page 87 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
87 
 
 
 
 
 
 
products of the UCB Group, see Part 11 Intellectual Property, Section (a) Patents of this description of 
UCB. 
(b) 
The development of the pipeline, including optimising the life cycle of products 
The strategic split of the research and development functions between PV Early Solutions and PV 
Development Solutions is designed to allow better allocation of resources between early discovery 
research through to clinical proof-of-concept for products showing efficacy in target indications and 
bringing such concepts through to the delivery of products to the market and ensuring optimal 
management of their life cycle. Both PV Early Solutions and PV Development Solutions are highly 
networked with the external world to access novel technologies, collaborators and services, with several 
drug discovery alliances and numerous university partnerships.  
Building on its research and development capacities, new treatment options of the UCB Group were 
approved over the last years. In 2019, Evenity® (romosozumab) was approved for post fracture 
osteoporosis (partnered with Amgen) and Nayzilam® (midazolam nasal spray, acquired from 
Proximagen in 2018) was approved for acute repetitive epilepsy seizures. In 2021 and 2022, Bimzelx® 
(bimekizumab) was approved in EU, Great Britain, Japan, Australia and Canada for the treatment of 
psoriasis (each as further described in Part 6 Core Therapeutic Areas of this description of UCB). With 
several new molecular entities, including bimekizumab for psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, axial 
spondyloarthitis and hidradenitis suppurativa, zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab for myasthenia gravis as 
well as rozanolixizumab for myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) antibody disease, 
dapirolizumab pegol for systemic lupus erythematosus (partnered with Biogen), Staccato® (alprazolam) 
for stereotypical prolonged seizures, Fintepla® for cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 (CDKL5), and 
MT1621 in thymidine kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d) in the last development phase before regulatory 
review, or under preparation of submission for regulatory review, the UCB Group is well positioned for 
continued growth. All these molecules have the potential to be highly differentiated, are long-term patent 
protected and could qualify for a good reimbursement position – subject to final product profile and 
reimbursement. With several different programs and indications, the UCB Group also has a promising 
preclinical and early clinical development pipeline. 
The UCB Group is committed to maintaining its existing focus on the research and development of new 
products in specific defined patient (sub)populations, and resources continue to be allocated accordingly. 
Envisioning a move from symptomatic treatments to disease modification, and eventually towards a 
cure, the UCB Group has also strengthened its capabilities to discover and develop differentiated 
solutions with unique outcomes for patients through gene therapy investments, such as through the 
acquisition of Handl Therapeutics BV and a research and development collaboration with Lacerta 
Therapeutics. In September 2021, the UCB Group also embarked on a partnership with CEVEC to 
evaluate and gain access to their ELECTA® technology, which may enable the UCB Group to develop 
a scalable, robust and efficient manufacturing of gene therapy vectors. 
In addition to the research and development of new molecules, the UCB Group endeavours to maximise 
the value from its products and their respective intellectual property by the active management of product 
life cycles. The planning and timing of applications for new indications of products, broadening the 
patient base, and introducing products into new geographical areas, is managed centrally with the 
intention of bringing treatment benefits to patients with unmet medical needs, which is expected to result 
in commercial success for its products. 
(c) 
Sustainability as a business approach 
The UCB Group believes that the best way to have a positive impact on society and continue to thrive 
is to deliver on its commitments to patients and its stakeholders. The UCB Group has engaged with

--- Page 88 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
88 
 
 
 
 
 
 
colleagues and external stakeholders to guide the integration of sustainability within its business. The 
results of this work informed the UCB Group’s sustainability approach and the way holistic performance 
(financial and extra-financial performance measurement) is measured. The approach was developed 
taking into account its key stakeholders (patients, colleagues, shareholders, the communities around its 
operations and the planet) and encompassing key areas where the UCB Group had the most potential to 
deliver sustainable impact and value creation, given its specific skills, expertise, and heritage: 
a. Scientific innovation 
Based on a deep understanding of disease biology and patient reality, the UCB Group is combining 
today’s transformative science with its leadership capabilities to rapidly and purposely discover, 
develop and deliver highly differentiated medicines. The UCB Group is driven by the commitment to 
create value to people living with severe diseases who inspire the work across neurology, immunology, 
and other areas where the expertise, innovation and ambition align with unmet needs. 
b. Access to medicines 
The access to medicines goal of the UCB Group is that by 2030, all patients who need the UCB Group’s 
medicines in countries where it operates have access to them, as further described in on pages 47-48 of 
UCB’s 2021 Annual Report (Providing access to our solutions). To achieve this goal, it is believed that 
a patient value-based approach to access and pricing is right for patients, society, and the UCB Group. 
The UCB Group aims to consistently apply a value-based approach to pricing by defining the value 
created for specific patients, society, and value captured in health systems. The UCB Group seeks to 
accelerate its involvement in value-based contracts and partnerships and to develop innovative value-
based offerings to help achieve its access and affordability goals. In addition, the UCB Group aims to 
improve access to quality care and medicines, through the social business model, for people with 
epilepsy in low- and medium-income settings. 
a. Health, Safety and Wellbeing  
The UCB Group fosters a working environment and climate where the UCB Group’s people are happy, 
healthy, safe and able to thrive by creating the right conditions and ensuring the colleagues benefit from 
cutting-edge and impactful wellbeing programs. Additionally, the UCB Group aims to pay particular 
attention to colleagues affected by severe diseases as patients or caregivers. To deliver this goal it has 
defined a delivery model for the health and wellbeing initiatives, focused on meeting employee needs 
in a comprehensive way, while being mindful that there is no one-size-fits-all approach – and while 
paying special attention to colleagues affected by severe diseases as patients or caregivers. It also has 
a safety program aiming to prevent harm to employees and assets.  
b. Health of the planet: 2030 ambition 
The UCB Group seeks to minimize its environmental footprint across its business activities and 
operations. A company-wide environmental roadmap has been developed for reaching targets set for (i) 
reducing the local and global environmental impact the reduction of GHG emissions by 35% by 2030 
and becoming carbon neutral for the operations UCB controls directly by 2030 and also aiming to have 
60% of the emissions created by the UCB Group’s suppliers covered by Science Based Targets-like 
objectives by 2025, (ii) the reduction of water withdrawal by 20% by 2030, and (iii) the reduction of 
waste production by 25% by 2030. 
c. 
Diversity, equity & inclusion 
The UCB Group defines diversity as the collective richness of people’s unique backgrounds, life and 
cultural experiences and the diversity of thought this brings. Elements and factors that contribute to

--- Page 89 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
89 
 
 
 
 
 
 
diversity can be both visible and invisible. Equity is ensuring all individual employees are offered fair 
opportunities for development, advancement, compensation and reward as per their aspirations. 
Inclusion is respecting individual differences and capturing the advantages they provide. An inclusive 
culture at the UCB Group involves the full and successful integration of all employees. 
d. Ethical Business Practices 
The UCB Group fosters a culture where people operate and make decisions with an ethical mindset and 
act with integrity in all business dealings to build sustainable patient value, care for the needs of all 
stakeholders and comply with legal and regulatory obligations. 
6 
Core Therapeutic Areas 
The biopharmaceuticals business is the core business of the UCB Group. This includes research, development, 
manufacturing and marketing of products in the therapeutic fields of severe neurology and immunology 
disorders as well as other disorders. 
(a) Neurology 
Summary 
The UCB Group currently focuses primarily on epilepsy and Parkinson’s disease , but may be marketing 
compounds in other therapeutic areas in the future. 
In the treatment of epilepsy, currently the UCB Group offers Vimpat, Keppra, (including E-Keppra 
and Keppra XR), Briviact®, Nayzilam® and Fintepla®.  
Neupro is available to treat early stage and advanced Parkinson’s disease and is also approved to treat 
the symptoms of moderate-to-severe idiopathic restless legs syndrome in adults.  
Strategy/Trend 
The UCB Group has established itself as an important participant in the neurology market through 
innovation in drug discovery and development as well as a strong commercial performance. There are 
several potential products in the pipeline which are anticipated to have the potential to continue this 
trend. This includes potential products like Staccato® alprazolam (acquired in 2020) or products whose 
indications extend beyond the area of epilepsy, such as in myasthenia gravis and other 
neuroinflammation indications, or Alzheimer’s Disease (partnered with Roche/Genentech). 
Key Products 
Vimpat® (lacosamide) 
Vimpat® is approved as adjunctive or monotherapy therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures 
with or without secondary generalisation in patients with epilepsy. Vimpat® is also approved in primary 
generalized tonic-clonic seizures.  
Available in more than 50 countries, Vimpat® continues to reach more and more patients thanks to new 
indications (primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures, approved in Europe, US and Japan in 2020) and 
through multiple formulations (tablets, oral solution, and IV). In 2021, Vimpat® represented 29% of 
UCB’s net sales. Vimpat® has lost patent protection in the U.S. in March 2022, in the EU in September 
2022, and will lose patent protection in Japan in 2024, as from which moment Vimpat® will be subject 
to generic competition in these markets leading to a significant decline in net sales. During the first six 
months of 2022, global net sales of Vimpat decreased by 6% at constant exchange rates compared to the 
same period in the previous year following a decrease in net sales in the US of 12% at constant exchange

--- Page 90 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
90 
 
 
 
 
 
 
rates, as further shown on pages 7 and 9 of the condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial 
statements of UCB for the period ended 30 June 2022. 
Keppra® (levetiracetam) 
Despite having lost patent exclusivity in the U.S., EU, and more recently market exclusivity in Japan 
(since December 2021), Keppra® is still one of the key products of the UCB Group, indicated in the 
treatment of different types of epilepsy.  
Following the end of data exclusivity for Keppra® in Japan in 2020 (commercialized under the name E-
Keppra®), the partnership with Otsuka Pharmaceutical ended in 2020 and E-Keppra has since then been 
distributed by the UCB Group in Japan. In 2021, the Keppra® franchise represented 18% of UCB’s net 
sales. During the first six months of 2022, E-Keppra®, exposed to generic competition since January 
2022, reported a decrease in net sales of a 56% at constant exchange rates, as further shown on page 8 
of the condensed consdolidated unaudited interim financial statements of UCB for the period ended 30 
June 2022. 
Briviact (brivaracetam) 
Since 2016, Briviact is approved and available as adjunctive or monotherapy therapy in the treatment 
of partial-onset seizures (also now called “focal seizures”) with or without secondary generalisation in 
patients with epilepsy.  
Briviact is available across 40 countries and is patent protected in the EU and the U.S. until 2026 (not 
available in Japan yet). In 2021, Briviact accounted for 7% of UCB’s net sales. During the first six 
months of 2022, Briviact reached net sales of € 225 million, representing 8% of UCB’s net sales. 
Nayzilam (midazolam) 
Since 2019, Nayzilam nasal spray CIV is approved and available in the U.S. in the acute treatment of 
intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity (i.e., seizure clusters, acute repetitive 
seizures) that are distinct from a patient’s usual seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy 12 years of age 
and older. Nayzilam is patent protected in the U.S. until 2028 and in 2021 accounted for 1% of UCB’s 
net sales. During the first six months of 2022, Nayzilam® reached net sales of € 36 million, representing 
1% of UCB’s net sales. 
Fintepla® (fenfluramine) 
On 7 March 2022, the UCB Group completed the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc, adding Fintepla® to 
UCB’s existing product line.  
Fintepla® oral solution is a prescription medication used to treat seizures associated with Dravet 
syndrome in patients two years of age and older. Dravet syndrome is a rare, devastating and life-long 
form of epilepsy that generally begins in infancy and is marked by frequent, treatment-resistant seizures, 
significant developmental, motor, and behavioral impairments, and an increased risk of sudden 
unexpected death in epilepsy. Fintepla® is approved in the U.S., Europe and Japan, for the treatment of 
seizures associated with Dravet syndrome. 
In March 2022, the FDA approved Fintepla® for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-
Gastaut Syndrome (LGS). LGS is a severe childhood-onset developmental and epileptic encephalopathy 
characterized by drug-resistant seizures with high morbidity as well as serious impairment of 
neurodevelopmental, cognitive, and motor functions. Fintepla® is under regulatory review in EU for the 
treatment of seizures associated with LGS.

--- Page 91 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
91 
 
 
 
 
 
 
During the second quarter of 2022, Fintepla® reached net sales of € 35 million, representing 1% of 
UCB’s net sales during the first half of 2022. 
Neupro® (rotigotine transdermal system) 
The Parkinson’s patch, Neupro®, is available in more than 40 countries in the treatment of the signs and 
symptoms of early-stage idiopathic Parkinson’s disease. In 2021, Neupro represented 6% of UCB’s 
net sales. During the first six months of 2022, Neupro® reached net sales of € 155 million, representing 
6% of UCB’s net sales. The UCB Group's partner Otsuka Pharmaceutical is successfully marketing 
Neupro® in Japan.  
In selected markets, subject to reimbursement by the health care system, Neupro® is also available in 
the treatment of restless-legs-syndrome.  
Neupro® has been patent protected in the EU and the U.S. until 2021 and will continue to be patent 
protected until 2024 in Japan. Additionally, there are several formulation patents covering Neupro in 
the U.S. and EU until 2030. 
Product Pipeline 
For a description of the product pipeline in the neurology field see Part 8, “Research and Development” 
of this description of UCB. 
(b) Immunology 
Summary 
The overall immunology market includes the treatment of autoimmune diseases, inflammation, allergy 
and immuno-dermatology and comprises several therapeutic categories of drugs. These drugs target the 
treatment of a variety of autoimmune and inflammatory conditions, such as inflammatory bowel 
disorders, rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, allergic rhinitis, psoriasis, psoriatic arthitis and axial 
spondyloarthitis.  
The UCB Group has a long history of scientific and commercial presence in this field, starting with its 
discovery of several generations of antihistamines and continuing with the development of an anti-TNF 
treatment option and currently introducing a new mode of action in this area. The UCB Group 
streamlined its operations to focus on specialist immunology products with a focus on rheumatoid 
arthritis, psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis as well as osteoporosis among others.  
Strategy/Trend 
The UCB Group focuses on severe immunology disorders, in line with its specialist approach to the 
development of immunology products. There are several potential products at various stages in the 
pipeline which are anticipated to continue this trend. These molecules target psoriasis, hidradenitis 
suppurativa, arthritis indications such as psoriatic arthritis, axial spondyloarthritis, and systemic lupus 
erythematosus. 
 
Key Products 
Cimzia (certolizumab pegol) 
The UCB Group developed and markets Cimzia®, a PEGylated anti-TNF-alpha antibody fragment 
which inhibits the actions of the immune system protein tumour necrosis factor alpha (“TNF-alpha”) 
which is overproduced in inflammatory diseases like rheumatoid arthritis.  
Cimzia® is available in more than 50 countries for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, psoriatic 
arthritis, axial spondyloarthritis and ankylosing spondylitis as well as Crohn’s disease in selected

--- Page 92 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
92 
 
 
 
 
 
 
markets (like the U.S. and Switzerland). In Japan, the UCB Group and Astellas jointly developed and 
commercialise Cimzia®, launched early 2013.  
In 2021, Cimzia® represented 34% of UCB’s net sales. During the first six months of 2022, Cimzia® 
reached net sales of € 994 million, representing a 36% of UCB’s net sales. Cimzia® is patent protected 
in the U.S. and the EU until 2024, in Japan until 2026. 
Evenity (romosozumab) 
The UCB Group developed (together with partner Amgen) a bone forming anti-sclerostin antibody in 
the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture. In 2019, Evenity® was 
approved and launched in the U.S., Japan (under the leadership of Astellas, for in-market sales), South 
Korea, Canada and Australia under the leadership of Amgen (who is accounting for the respective sales), 
and in the EU under the leadership of the UCB Group (and who is reporting the respective net sales in 
Europe). 
Amgen and UCB have a strong and aligned interest in maximizing the value of Evenity® for patients 
throughout the globe: Both companies own Evenity® and share expenses and profits in a 50/50 
arrangement for every country where Evenity® is commercialized, irrespective of which company is 
leading the commercialization efforts in that country. 
Evenity® is patent protected in the U.S., the E.U. until 2031 and in Japan until 2031. In 2021, € 10 
million of net sales were reported by UCB. For further information on the income recorded under the 
collaboration agreement with Amgen please refer to note 1.8 on page 185 of UCB’s 2021 Annual Report.  
Bimzelx® (bimekizumab) 
Bimekizumab is a humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that is designed to selectively and directly 
inhibit both interleukin 17A (IL-17A) and interleukin 17F (IL-17F), two key cytokines driving 
inflammatory processes. 
In August 2021, bimekizumab received marketing authorization in countries of the European Union 
(EU)/European Economic Area (EEA) and Great Britain, for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque 
psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy. In January 2022, bimekizumab received 
marketing authorization in Japan for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, generalized pustular psoriasis and 
psoriatic erythroderma in patients who are not sufficiently responding to existing treatments. In February 
and March 2022, bimekizumab received marketing authorization in Canada and Australia, respectively, 
for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy 
or phototherapy. 
During the first six months of 2022, Bimzelx® reached net sales of € 10 million, representing a 0.3% of 
UCB’s net sales. 
In May 2022, UCB announced that the FDA has issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding 
the Biologics License Application (BLA) for bimekizumab for the treatment of adults with moderate to 
severe plaque psoriasis, stating that the FDA cannot approve the application in its current form. The CRL 
states that certain pre-approval inspection observations must be resolved before approval of the 
application. The UCB Group is cooperating with the FDA and working to address the observations and 
make Bimzelx® available to patients in the US. 
In addition to psoriasis, the UCB Group is also developing bimekizumab in psoriatic arthritis, axial 
spondyloarthitis and hidradenitis suppurativa. 
Product Pipeline

--- Page 93 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For a description of the product pipeline in the immunology field see Part 8, “Research and 
Development” of this description of UCB. 
(c) 
Established Brands 
The UCB Group continues to market certain specialist products with which it can be competitive without 
incurring high distribution and sales costs. These products are no longer protected by patents and are 
referred to as “established brands”. They continue to produce revenue and profitability for the UCB 
Group. The UCB Group is open to divestiture options for this portfolio. For example, in 2018, the UCB 
Group divested the Innere Medizin activities in Germany, focused on primary care products. In 2019, 
the UCB Group divested the iron supplement Niferex® (China) as well as alprostadil, and in 2020 
several products marketed in international markets.  
During the first six months of 2022, net sales of Established Brands reached € 172 million. Part of the 
portfolio are UCB’s allergy products Zyrtec® (cetirizine, including Zyrtec®-D/Cirrus®) and Xyzal® 
(levocetirizine), which reached total net sales of € 82 million during the same period. 
Zyrtec (cetirizine) 
Zyrtec is an antihistamine used to treat the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial allergic 
rhinitis and chronic idiopathic urticaria.  
Xyzal (levocetirizine) 
Xyzal is an allergy treatment indicated for the symptomatic treatment of allergic rhinitis, including 
persistent allergic rhinitis and urticaria in adults and children over six months 
Other products which are part of the UCB Group’s portfolio of established brands include Nootropil® 
(piracetam), for cognitive disorders and vertigo.  
Patent protection for all these established brands has expired. It is expected that there will be a continuous 
decline of net sales of these products.  
(d) 
Markets and Distribution 
The majority of prescription products of the UCB Group are distributed through wholesalers to retail 
and hospital pharmacies. The UCB Group maintains marketing and sales forces and has wholly-owned 
distribution subsidiaries in most major markets in Europe, North America and Asia. These affiliates 
distribute products coming from the main production sites of the UCB Group, which are located in 
Braine-l’Alleud (Belgium), Bulle (Switzerland), Zhuhai (China) and Saitama (Japan) as well as from the 
production sites of its partners, to wholesalers in their own country. Wholesalers are responsible for 
delivery to thousands of retail pharmacies and hundreds of hospital centres, with deliveries taking place 
typically at least once a day in most developed countries. With few exceptions, the UCB Group does not 
deliver its products directly to patients or individual pharmacists. The distribution chain for prescription 
drugs is subject to strict rules of quality and safety and the UCB Group takes every reasonable precaution 
to ensure the regular supply of its drugs to patients around the world. 
7 
Geographic Segments/Principal Markets 
The sales of the UCB Group are mainly derived from Europe and U.S.. The UCB Group focuses on fully 
resourced strategic markets, such as the U.S. and key European countries as well as Japan, then on markets 
which are developing quickly and are strategically aligned like China. For more information on net sales by 
geographical area, please see UCB’s 2021 Annual Report, page 218, as well as UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report, 
page 9.

--- Page 94 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
94 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
Research and Development 
(a) 
Introduction 
The ambition of the UCB Group is to be the patient preferred biotech leader, creating patient value for 
specific populations through unique outcomes, the best experience and improving as many lives as 
possible. The UCB Group wants to be present and lead in specific patient populations defined by leading 
patient share in the relevant segment. The company’s innovation focus is on differentiated medicines 
with high predictability of response and on exploring new scientific platforms. The key features of the 
research and development organisation of the UCB Group include: 
(a) 
a strategic focus on severe neurology and immunology diseases; 
(b) 
a broad pipeline approach encompassing both new chemical entities and new biological entities 
and gene therapy; with the potential to include new technologies.  
(c) 
a world-wide research and development staff; 
(d) 
three strategic research sites located in Slough (U.K.), Braine-l’Alleud (Belgium) and the Boston 
area (U.S.); 
(e) 
main development teams located in Monheim (Germany), Raleigh RTP (U.S.) and Tokyo (Japan); 
(f) 
a focus on differentiated molecules in development in the treatment of epilepsy, Parkinson’s 
disease, neuro-inflamation, inflammatory arthritic diseases, immuno-dermatology, bone loss 
diseases, systemic lupus erythematosus, and other severe central nervous system (CNS) and 
autoimmune diseases; and 
(g) 
PV Early Solutions leading partnerships with academia and other leading drug discovery 
organisations as well as a continuing search for further partnerships through which the UCB 
Group can utilise its expertise, particularly in antibody-based drug research and development, to 
optimise the development and marketing of new pharmaceuticals. 
(b) 
Discovery Technologies  
As a result of its triple-modality pipeline strategy encompassing new chemical entities, new biological 
entities and gene therapy, the UCB Group is able to address disease pathways at different points in the 
targeted therapy areas. 
New chemical entities (“NCEs” or small molecules) are used to treat a wide range of diseases and are 
most often designed as oral formulation. Chemical entities are designed to address both extracellular and 
intracellular targets as well as targets in the central nervous system. These now include macrocyclic 
peptides alongside classical small molecules. New generations of NCEs, which enhance the degradation 
of selected target proteins, are also being developed. 
The NCEs discovery technologies of the UCB Group include, for example, computer assisted drug 
discovery (“CADD”), a technology which assists and facilitates drug discovery programmes through the 
application of structural biology, molecular dynamics, advanced modelling, simulation, virtual screening 
and data visualization techniques. These are enhanced by advanced analytics (Machine Learning and 
Artificial Intelligence) to drive in silico design and synthesis planning.  The UCB Group collaborates 
with leading teams in this area, including Microsoft, to enhance its own capabilities. 
New biological entities (“NBEs”), in particular antibody-based drugs are relatively large (around 250 
times larger than small molecules), tend to be highly specific and offer efficient ways in which to block 
protein-protein interactions and to deliver signals into target cells. Biological entities are generally 
administered by injection and can act very rapidly and over a long period of time.  They are not easily

--- Page 95 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
95 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applied to intracellular targets but can be used to modulate selectively events such as cytokine-receptoir 
interactions or adhesion molecule binding.  In addition, antibodies can be used to deliver payloads to 
cells in a targeted manner. 
The UCB Group’s proprietary Antibody Discovery Technologies enable the UCB Group to isolate rare, 
high-affinity, functionally-active antibodies from a number of species, with speed and precision, 
reducing the time it takes to identify these antibodies while sampling billions of potential therapeutics 
molecules. These capabilities are enhanced by the ability to discover fully human antibodies using both 
transgenic mice and display library technology. The UCB Group is constantly endeavouring to develop 
its Antibody Discovery and Development platforms by incorporating rational design and novel antibody 
fragment structures to address opportunities in disease, for example those which can only be achieved 
through bi-specificity. 
UCB is committed to using disease tissue from patients wherever possible, to provide relevant insight 
into human disease, in preference to reliance on animal models, and is engaging with academic and 
commercial groups to establish new technology in this area. 
An emerging and important area for UCB is the application of Artificial Intelligence/Deep & Machine 
Learning to key aspects of the discovery and development processes in order to expedite the 
identification and delivery of the right medicines to the right patient populations. 
Gene therapy has the potential to drive a fundamental change in how diseases are treated, by moving 
from symptoms treatment to disease modification, and for some patients towards a cure. The UCB Group 
started building capabilities in gene therapy in 2019, focusing new investment in vector research and 
research production. In 2020, through the acquisition of Handl Therapeutics BV, as well as through a 
new collaboration with Lacerta Therapeutics, the UCB Group accelerated its access to capabilities and 
programs in gene therapy. These transactions build upon the strategic acquisition of Element Genomics, 
Inc. in 2018 that strengthened UCB’s genomics and epigenomics research platforms aiding the 
identification of novel drug targets. The acquisition of Handl Therapeutics BV augmented UCB’s 
existing early gene therapy pipeline with two research programs, a proprietary adeno-associated virus 
(AAV) capsid technology platform and capabilities. The new R&D collaboration with Lacerta 
Therapeutics provided access to a novel gene therapy program and proprietary AAV capsids. The UCB 
Group continues to invest to strengthen the gene therapy platform, for example with CEVEC in 2021 to 
access technology to enhance the manufacturing of AAV-based gene therapies.   
(c) 
Therapeutic Focus: Research Areas 
In accordance with its general strategy, the research and development activities of the UCB Group are 
focused on the therapeutic areas of severe neurology and immunology disorders. 
Neurology 
The UCB Group has an established record of innovative neurology research, developed a number of 
novel marketed drugs, and continues to strive for new treatments of neurological disorders such as 
epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease and other movement disorders as well as new projects in multiple 
Immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibody-mediated diseases and other rare diseases. The research strategy 
of the UCB Group in this therapeutic field is to combine target-based drug discovery with a focus on 
target validation in disease-relevant neuropharmacology models of integrative brain activity. The UCB 
Group’s research focuses on neural excitability and neural degeneration as a whole because the UCB 
Group considers that abnormalities in neural excitability, synchronisation and neurodegeneration 
underlie many neurological conditions.

--- Page 96 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
96 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The UCB Group established a leading scientific platform for the therapy and treatment of epilepsy with 
the development and production of Keppra, Vimpat and Briviact® and the addition of Nayzilam® 
and Fintepla® to its product portfolio.  
In 2020, the UCB Group acquired Engage Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company 
developing Staccato® Alprazolam for the rapid termination of an active epileptic seizure. Staccato® 
Alprazolam is an investigational drug (Phase 3) designed to be used as a single-use epileptic seizure 
rescue therapy that combines the Staccato® delivery technology with alprazolam, a benzodiazepine. It 
is a small, hand-held inhaler device designed for easy delivery of alprazolam with a single normal breath 
potentially providing a way for people with epilepsy and their caregivers to stop an active seizure. The 
Staccato® system rapidly vaporizes alprazolam to form an aerosol, with particle size designed for deep 
lung delivery to produce a rapid, systemic effect.  
In 2020, the UCB Group completed the acquisition of Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc. making it a wholly 
owned subsidiary of UCB. This acquisition enhanced its leadership in the development of solutions for 
myasthenia gravis, a long-term neuro-muscular disease, by adding zilucoplan, a peptide inhibitor of 
complement component 5 (C5), to the UCB pipeline alongside rozanolixizumab. Regulatory 
submissions for zilucoplan are starting in Q3 of 2022 for approval in myasthenia gravis. 
Rozanolixizumab is a novel, first-in-class subcutaneous infusion anti-FcRn antibody therapy for 
multiple Immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibody-mediated diseases such as Myasthenia Gravis (MG), 
Autoimmune Encephalitis (AIE), and Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein (MOG) antibody disease. 
Rozanolixizumab is an anti-FcRn antibody delivered subcutaneously that specifically blocks FcRn 
receptors binding plasma IgG, resulting in the attenuation of IgG recycling, and thus removal of IgG 
autoantibodies. Regulatory submissions for rozanolixizumab are starting in Q3 of 2022 for approval in 
myasthenia gravis. A Phase 3 study in MOG antibody disease and a Phase 2 in AIE are ongoing. 
Bepranemab (UCB0107) is a recombinant humanised, full length immunoglobulin G (IgG) 4 
monoclonal antibody with a specificity for human tau. In 2020, the UCB Group entered into a world-
wide, exclusive license agreement with Roche and Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, for the 
global development and commercialization of bepranemab in Alzheimer’s Disease (AD). Under the 
terms of the agreement, the UCB Group received an initial upfront payment of USD 120 million, will 
fund and perform a proof-of-concept study in AD and, upon availability of the results of that study, 
Genentech has the right to progress with the development or return full rights back to the UCB Group. 
After Genentech’s decision to proceed with further clinical development, the UCB Group would be 
eligible to receive further potential cost reimbursement, development and sales milestone payments as 
well as royalties upon receipt of certain regulatory approvals and satisfying certain clinical and sales 
milestones. 
UCB0599 is an investigational (Phase 2) small molecule that prevents the pathological misfolding and 
accumulation of alpha-synuclein, a protein which plays a role in Parkinson’s disease (PD) pathology. 
Inhibition of alpha-synuclein misfolding has the potential to slow down the progression of PD. UCB0599 
belongs to a series of molecules discovered by Neuropore, which were in-licensed by the UCB Group 
in 2014. UCB0599 is being co-developed with Novartis. Under the terms of the agreement with Novartis, 
the UCB Group has an upfront payment of USD 150 million in 2021 and is eligible to receive further 
potential payments upon receipt of certain regulatory approvals and satisfying certain development and 
sales related milestones. If approved, commercial responsibilities will be split. 
 
Following the acquisition of Zogenix, the UCB Group decided to continue with the development of the 
Phase 3 clinical trial program of fenfluramine in CDKL5 deficiency disorder (CDD). The Phase 3

--- Page 97 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
97 
 
 
 
 
 
 
program evaluates efficacy and safety as an adjunctive therapy in patients 1 to 35 years of age with CDD 
and uncontrolled seizures. First topline results are expected in H2 2024. CDD is a rare developmental 
epileptic encephalopathy caused by mutations in the CDKL5 gene. The hallmarks of the disease are 
early-onset, intractable epilepsy and neurodevelopmental delay impacting cognitive, motor, speech, and 
visual function. In June 2022, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to FINTEPLA® to treat CDD. 
Also after the acquisition of Zogenix in 2022, the UCB Group sees a high unmet medical need to 
continue with the development of deoxycytidine and deoxythymidine (MT1621) in Thymidine Kinase 
2 deficiency (TK2d). TK2d is an ultra-rare debilitating and life-threatening (often fatal) genetic 
mitochondrial disorder and causes progressive and severe muscle weakness. Many patients lose the 
ability to walk, eat, and breathe independently. The clinical development program is complete. The UCB 
Group is currently engaged in discussions with regulatory agencies to validate UCB’s global submission 
strategy. The target submission projections are aimed for 2023. 
Immunology 
Inflammatory diseases can be classified in many different ways, but all inflammatory diseases result 
from an inappropriate activation of immune cells and a subsequent inflammatory response. The drugs 
which the UCB Group is developing to modulate these regulatory molecules fall into two main classes: 
genetically engineered antibodies and traditional small molecules. These two classes of drugs have 
different utilities and allow the UCB Group to attack inflammatory diseases in a range of different ways. 
Bimekizumab is a UCB engineered humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that neutralizes the biological 
function of IL-17A and IL-17F. Following positive results in three Phase 3 studies in psoriasis in 2019, 
in July 2020, the Phase 3b study BE RADIANT also demonstrated significantly better results for 
bimekizumab compared to secukinumab in the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque 
psoriasis, confirming the potential of bimekizumab for rapid, complete and durable skin clearance. For 
a description of the status of regulatory reviews of bimekizumab in psoriasis, see Part 6, “Core 
therapeutic areas”, section (b) “Immunology”, of this description of UCB. In addition to psoriasis, the 
UCB Group is also developing bimekizumab in psoriatic arthritis, axial spondyloarthitis and hidradenitis 
suppurativa. The regulatory submissions for psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis indications 
will take place starting from Q3 2022. The Phase 3 readout in hidradenitis suppurativa is expected in H2 
2022. 
A treatment for active systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), dapirolizumab pegol, is in clinical 
development. In 2020, the UCB Group and Biogen initiated a Phase 3 program with dapirolizumab pegol 
in patients with SLE and results are currently expected in H1 2024. The UCB Group and Biogen work 
on a 50/50 cost and profit share basis. 
Clinical Development Pipeline 
The following graph illustrates the current main clinical development projects of the UCB Group and 
their current stage of development:

--- Page 98 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
98 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
*UCB aims to submit the response to the bimekizumab complete response letter to the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration by the end of 2022; BIMZELX® is available to people living with psoriasis in the EU/European 
Economic Area, GB, JPN, CAN, and is approved in AUS; **in partnership with Biogen; ***in partnership with 
Roche/Genentech; ****in partnership with Novartis; 5-HT - 5-hydroxytryptamin or serotonin; α-syn – alpha-
synuclein; CD40L – CD40 ligand; C5 – complement component 5; CDKL5 - cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5; 
H – half-year; IL – interleukin; FcRn - Neonatal fragment crystallizable receptor; MOG - myelin 
oligodendrocyte glycoprotein; Q – quarter; TK2d - thymidine kinase 2 deficiency 
 
(d) 
Research Sites 
The UCB Group has structured its drug discovery capabilities in three strategic research centers which 
are located in Slough (U.K.), Braine-l’Alleud (Belgium) and the Boston area (U.S.).  
At the site in Slough (U.K.), the UCB Group concentrates on NBEs technologies for immunology, 
providing a state-of-the-art facility for the discovery and early development of antibodies. In Belgium, 
the UCB Group has also invested in a pilot biotechnology plant (operational since 2013).  
The primary locations for PV Development Solutions are Monheim (Germany) and Research Triangle 
Park, Raleigh (U.S.).  
(e) 
Partnerships 
The UCB Group has a strategy of partnering to complement its skills and to maximise the potential of 
its products and currently has a range of partnerships, including numerous research partnerships with a 
variety of academic institutions and a number of industrial partnerships and collaborations. These 
partnerships range from research collaborations to joint discovery, development and commercialisation 
agreements and commercial partnerships with a wide range of small to large companies.

--- Page 99 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
99 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Investment in research and development 
The UCB Group intends to maintain its record of significant investment in research and development 
through both PV Early Solutions and PV Development Solutions in the future, both by way of direct 
investment and partnership opportunities. 
9 
Capital Expenditures  
Over the last years, the investments of the UCB Group have primarily related to targeted acquisitions, milestone 
payments in connection with in-licensing deals and capitalized eligible development costs, the expansion of 
existing or preparation of future research and manufacturing capabilities, software investments and investments 
by the UCB Venture Fund.  
The main acquisition in the half-year period ending 30 June 2022 related to the acquisition of Zogenix, Inc, as 
further detailed in note 3.11 in UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report (p. 27). In addition, the tangible capital 
expenditure resulting from the biopharmaceutical activities of the UCB Group amounted to € 124 million. The 
acquisition of intangible assets reached € 50 million.   
In 2021, the tangible capital expenditure resulting from the biopharmaceutical activities of the UCB Group 
amounted to € 282 million (2020: € 256 million). The acquisition of intangible assets reached € 211 million in 
2021 (2020: € 93 million).  
The main acquisitions in 2020 are related to the acquisition of Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and of Engage 
Therapeutics.  
As part of its innovation strategy, the UCB Group has established a corporate venture fund, UCB Ventures. The 
main objectives of the fund are to add breadth to the UCB Group’s innovation ecosystem, to create a window 
on new technologies, products, platforms and channels to augment or complement the UCB Group’s existing 
activities, to develop network and strategic relationships in the venture capital investor community to identify 
opportunities that it might not otherwise see. Within this framework the UCB Group had outstanding 
commitments at the end of June 2022 for a total amount of USD 23 million relating to investments in venture 
capital funds.  
10 Competition 
There is intense competition among pharmaceutical and other companies that research, develop, manufacture 
or market pharmaceutical products. The UCB Group competes with these entities in all areas of its business, 
including competing to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical, and operational personnel. The UCB 
Group believes that this competition will continue to increase in the future. 
The competitive position of the products of the UCB Group among the products of other pharmaceutical 
companies is based on, among other things, patent protection, data exclusivity, product efficacy, safety, 
reliability, availability, patient convenience and price. The UCB Group remains committed to growing its 
business as well as holding or increasing its market share in its respective areas of focus. 
The products of the UCB Group may compete against products that have lower prices (including higher rebates 
or state mandated price reductions/rebates), superior performance, are easier to administer or that are otherwise 
competitive with products of the UCB Group. The continued expansion of generic and biosimilar competition 
worldwide also poses a current and future competitive challenge to the UCB Group. 
Following the expiration or loss of patent protection, some products of the UCB Group will be exposed to 
strong competition from generic manufacturers. In addition, the introduction of new products or the

--- Page 100 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
development of new processes by competitors or new information about existing products may result in product 
replacements or price reductions, even for products protected by patents. 
Some competitors of the UCB Group are actively engaged in research and development in areas where the UCB 
Group is also performing research and developing product candidates. The competitiveness of the product 
candidates of the UCB Group is significantly dependent upon the timing of entry into the market. Early entry 
may have important advantages in gaining product acceptance contributing to the product’s eventual success 
and profitability. Accordingly, in some cases, the relative speed with which the UCB Group can develop 
products, complete the clinical testing, receive regulatory approval, and supply commercial quantities of the 
product to the market is expected to be important for the competitive position of the UCB Group. 
Some products of the UCB Group face substantial competition from products developed, manufactured and 
marketed by large pharmaceutical companies which may have greater clinical, research, regulatory, 
manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and human resources than the UCB Group. Such competitive 
pressures can prevent the UCB Group’s products from becoming established and achieving optimal market 
penetration. 
In addition, the UCB Group competes with large pharmaceutical companies when entering into collaborative 
arrangements or partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies, research organisations and other entities 
for the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of technologies, product candidates and marketed 
products. The UCB Group may face competition in its collaborative arrangements or licensing and acquisition 
activities from other pharmaceutical companies that also seek to license or acquire technologies, product 
candidates or marketed products from these entities. Accordingly, the UCB Group may have difficulties entering 
into collaborative arrangements and licensing or acquiring technologies, product candidates and marketed 
products on acceptable terms or fail to reach original objectives. 
 
11 Intellectual Property  
In order to strengthen its position and to offer patients treatments which are able to improve their health and 
quality of life, the UCB Group continually strives to develop new products and new technologies and to expend 
significant efforts and funds on research, development and manufacturing. The UCB Group has obtained 
intellectual property through internal efforts, acquisitions and as a consequence of various research and 
development collaborations. The UCB Group has granted, and may continue to grant, licenses to third parties 
to use certain patents and know-how of the UCB Group. The UCB Group has received, and may continue to 
receive, licenses from third parties to use their technologies and know-how or to manufacture and sell their 
products. To preserve and enhance the value of its investments and assets, the UCB Group relies, inter alia, on 
the protection offered by the intellectual property laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates, and has 
developed an active intellectual property strategy. Changes to the intellectual property laws can occur and could 
affect UCB. 
(a) 
Patents and regulatory exclusivity 
The following summary sets forth the expected expiration dates of the basic patent protection, as extended by 
Patent Term Extension (PTE) or Supplementary Protection Certificates (SPC) where applicable, or other 
relevant protection e.g. data/market exclusivity or orphan market exclusivity, for key products of the UCB 
Group in its major markets.  
Marketed Products 
 
Europe 
 
U.S. 
 
Japan 
Cimzia® (certolizumab pegol) 
October 2024 (1) 
 
February 2024(1) 
 
June 2026
(1)

--- Page 101 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
101 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Keppra® (levetiracetam) 
Expired 
 
Expired 
 
Expired 
 
Neupro® (rotigotine) 
December 2030
(2) 
 
 
December 2030
(2) 
 
 
March 2024
(1) 
 
Vimpat® (lacosamide) 
Expired 
 
Expired 
 
July 2024(5) 
 
Briviact® (brivaracetam) 
February 2026 (1) 
 
February 2026 (1) (3) 
 
Not yet authorized 
 
Evenity® (romosozumab) 
April 2031
(1) 
 
April 2031
(1) 
 
April 2031 
(1) 
 
Nayzilam® (midazolam nasal 
spray) 
Not 
authorized/commercializ
ed 
 
January 2028(3) 
 
Not 
authorized/commercializ
ed 
 
Fintepla® (fenfluramine) 
December 2030(4) 
 
December 2027(3)(4) 
 
September 2032(4) 
Bimzelx® (bimekizumab) 
August 2036(1) 
 
January 2032(1) 
Not yet authorized 
 
January 2032(1) 
 
1. For these products, UCB has applied for and has been granted patent extensions in the US, Japan 
and key European markets. These extensions are included in the table above, except for Bimzelx® 
US and Japan, where no extension has been granted yet. 
2. The Neupro reformulation patents are under ANDA litigation in the US and under opposition 
proceedings at the EPO.  
3. The Briviact, Nayzilam (formulation) and Fintepla (methods of use, product-by process, process) 
patents are under ANDA litigation in the US.  
4. Fintepla is protected by orphan market exclusivity in the EU, the US and Japan, expiring in 
December 2030, December 2027 and September 2032 respectively.  
5. Vimpat is protected by data/market exclusivity in Japan until July 2024.  
(b) 
Trademarks 
The following table sets forth the best-known trademarks of the UCB Group which have been registered 
on behalf of the UCB Group and enjoy trademark protection: 
• 
UCB® and the associated logo 
• 
KEPPRA® 
• 
NEUPRO® 
• 
XYZAL® 
• 
ZYRTEC® 
• 
CIRRUS 
• 
VIMPAT® (used by UCB under a trademark license granted by Harris FRC Acquisition, LP)  
• 
CIMZIA® 
• 
BRIVIACT® 
• 
EVENITY® 
• 
NAYZILAM®

--- Page 102 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
102 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
BIMZELX® (product not approved in the U.S) 
12 Governmental Regulation 
The business activities of the UCB Group are subject to significant governmental regulation. A system of 
marketing authorisations ensures that all medicinal products are assessed by a competent authority to ensure 
compliance with contemporary requirements of safety, quality and efficacy. The distribution and marketing of 
its products is subject to supervision and control by various competent authorities and its manufacturing must 
comply with applicable health, safety and environmental regulations. Applicable regulations are typically of a 
national scope, although within the EU a considerable degree of harmonisation exists. The European Union has 
created a common regulatory framework that applies in every EU member state (and that sometimes allows EU 
member states to adopt more detailed and more stringent regulations), and that has indirect harmonising effects 
in certain other European countries. Review and approval of medicinal products such as those generated at the 
UCB Group is handled by the EMA in a centralised procedure which, in the event of a positive outcome, results 
in approval for the product in all EU countries. In the United States such regulatory review is handled by the 
FDA, in Japan by the Pharmaceuticals Medical and Devices Agency/ Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare 
(“PMDA/MHLW”) and in China by the Chinese Food and Drug Administration (“Chinese FDA”). 
(a) 
Product approval 
Before the UCB Group can market pharmaceutical products in a particular country, it is required to 
obtain regulatory approval in accordance with the applicable national regulations. Following receipt of 
initial marketing authorisation, regulatory approval must be maintained in order to continue to market 
products. The regulatory requirements follow stringent standards that vary by country. From drug 
discovery through pre-clinical development and clinical trials to approval and initial product launch, the 
process of developing a pharmaceutical product is intensive, lengthy and rigorous, and takes 
approximately ten years. This period varies considerably depending on the targeted therapeutic area. 
Regulatory competent authorities have the right to link their approval to the implementation of stringent 
risk management measures for each drug which go beyond standard pharmacovigilance procedures. 
These measures may include additional clinical studies which can add substantially to the investment 
required to develop a new drug and to obtain and maintain its regulatory approval. 
Development of New Products 
Once a new compound has been identified in the laboratory as a potential candidate drug through a 
screening process, it undergoes broad pre-clinical testing. During pre-clinical testing, in-vitro tests and 
other studies in tissues and animals are conducted to show biological activity of the compound in models 
of the targeted disease, as well as to evaluate its potential toxicity.  
With the Clinical Trial Regulation (CTR) now in place, to begin trials (i.e. tests of the drug in humans) 
in the European Union, clinical trial applications (“CTA”) consisting of a Part I (general portion assessed 
by a Reference Member State) and Part II (national or ethical portion assessed by all participating 
member states) have to be filed via an online portal (the “Clinical Trials Information System” or CTIS). 
Expected benefits of this streamlined application procedure are a single authorization procedure within 
a defined timeline and greater transparency on clinical trial information. To begin clinical trials in the 
United States, an investigational new drug (“IND”) application is filed with the FDA. The IND becomes 
effective if the FDA does not place it on “clinical hold” within 30 days from its filing. In other countries 
there are varying but similar requirements before beginning clinical trials. 
Clinical testing prior to filing for a marketing license is usually done in three phases (“Phase I, II and 
III”) and in accordance with Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”) and applicable local regulations. This 
clinical development program can eventually be followed by a Phase IV study programme which is

--- Page 103 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
performed after marketing approval has been obtained. The size and the duration of clinical trials depend 
very much on the targeted disease. Typically, several hundred to several thousand patients have to be 
treated successfully under the highly controlled conditions of clinical trials before the sponsoring 
pharmaceutical company can apply for marketing authorisation. The duration of trials, production of 
Investigational Medicinal Products (“IMP”) and the vast amount of data that must be collected and 
evaluated makes clinical testing the most time-consuming and expensive part of new drug development. 
Marketing Approval for New Products 
Before a drug can qualify for marketing approval, a registration dossier must be submitted to the 
regulatory authorities of the jurisdictions or member states where the drug is intended to be marketed. 
In the European Union, the UCB Group has to follow either the centralised procedure at the EMA, the 
mutual recognition procedure, the decentralised procedure or the national procedure depending on the 
therapeutic area, type of product and the number of countries in which the UCB Group intends to market 
the drug. In the United States, the UCB Group has to file a new drug application (“NDA”) or biological 
licence application (“BLA”) with the US Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Some other countries 
accept variations of the EU or United States registration dossiers, as long as they contain a specific 
national chapter in a special format and the native language. The PMDA/MHLW and Chinese FDA 
typically request repetition of at least a part of the clinical program in the Asian populations, typically 
phase 1, to establish ethnic similarity, and at least one phase 3 study, to establish efficacy and safety. If 
agreed with the local authorities, this can be done in a multi-national regional clinical trial with the 
participation of clinical centres for example in Japan and China. The submission of a registration dossier 
to a regulatory authority does not guarantee that approval to market the product will be granted. 
The registration dossier contains detailed information about the safety, quality and efficacy of a new 
medication. It also provides details about the manufacturing process, product specifications the 
production facilities and information to be provided to patients and medical practitioners. 
The registration process can last from a several months to a few years and depends on the nature of the 
drug under review, the quality of the submitted data, the registration procedure, the medical needs, 
requests for additional data, the efficiency of the relevant agency and the jurisdiction in which the 
application is filed. 
In the EU, the authorities are expected to carry out the scientific and medical review of a marketing 
authorisation application within 210 days following receipt of a complete application. For certain high-
priority products which are submitted for review under the centralised procedure at the EMA, the time 
period may be reduced to 150 days. These time periods do not include “clock-stops” during which the 
sponsoring company has to respond to numerous detailed questions regarding the product raised by the 
authorities. Average review times in the EU are 14-16 months. 
In the United States, the FDA is expected to take action on an application for a standard drug within 12 
months of submission of the registration dossier. At the end of the review cycle, FDA may approve the 
application or issue a so called “complete response letter”, which sets out reasons why the application 
has not been approved and identifies information needed to correct deficiencies. For priority drugs, the 
expected review time is eight months. Average total review times in the U.S. are 18-21 months. For 
example, on 13 May 2022, the FDA has issued a complete response letter regarding the Biologics 
License Application (BLA) for bimekizumab for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe plaque 
psoriasis, stating that the FDA cannot approve the application in its current form. The complete response 
letter states that certain pre-approval inspection observations must be resolved before approval of the 
application. The UCB Group is cooperating with the FDA and working to address the observations and 
make Bimzelx® available to patients in the US.

--- Page 104 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In Japan, the PMDA is committed to review marketing authorization applications within 12 months. In 
China the approval of the CTA which grants permission to conduct the required clinical program, can 
take between 12 and 24 months for new chemical entities and biological entities and constitutes a 
substantial obstacle to the start of the development program in China. The CTA also requires disclosure 
of detailed information on the final manufacturing process. After the successful completion of the 
clinical program and submission of the NDA the approval process in China takes on average 2 years, 
with periods varying significantly. The EU, US and Japan have agreed on a series of guidance documents 
to harmonise many aspects of the drug testing process and the content of marketing applications through 
the work of the International Conference on Harmonization (“ICH”). There is, however, no procedure 
for mutual recognition of approval decisions among the ICH member countries, and participating 
countries often reach different decisions on specific issues relating to the approval of drug products. 
Once the European Commission (EC) (on recommendation of the EMA), the FDA or the regulatory 
agency in another country have approved the marketing application, the new pharmaceutical drug 
becomes available for sale in the relevant jurisdiction. The marketing authorisation may be granted for 
an unlimited term or be subject to renewal. In the European Union marketing approval is granted for an 
initial period of five years. Following the expiration of this five-year period, the EC will decide whether 
to renew the marketing approval for another five-year period or for an indefinite term. Evenity® and 
Bimzelx® do not yet have indefinite approval. Evenity® was approved by the EC in 2019 and the 
renewal is due in 2024. Bimzelx® was approved by the EC in 2021 and the renewal is due in 2026. In 
many countries approval is followed by intense and lengthy submissions to and negotiations with panels 
such as pricing and reimbursement authorities, health technology assessment bodies and committees 
granting approvals to formularies before the product can be made available for sale. 
Pharmacovigilance 
The UCB Group performs safety and pharmacovigilance activities for drugs under development and for 
marketed drugs. These surveillance and reporting processes are highly regulated with the objectives to 
ensure adequate interpretation of the safety profile of the drugs and the protection of the patients. Each 
identified or reported adverse drug reaction is analysed and interpreted by a team of physicians and 
scientists and is reported within determined timelines to the appropriate regulatory authorities in various 
countries. Any adverse events observed for drugs under development are also notified to clinical 
investigators, institutional review boards and independent ethics committees (as appropriate). 
Furthermore, the Patient Safety & Medical Management department ensures the timely preparation and 
submission of aggregate periodic reports of any such adverse drug reactions, in line with local regulatory 
requirements. These aggregate reports include non-clinical safety data, clinical safety data and an 
evaluation of the risk-benefit profile of the individual product. 
In the course of the life cycle of a product, regulatory authorities also require the preparation of risk 
management plans or risk evaluation and mitigation strategies. Such plans and strategies set out the UCB 
Group’s approach to identifying, monitoring and mitigating any potential safety observations. The 
Patient Safety & Medical Management department, in cooperation with other units in the UCB Group, 
undertakes the preparation, follow-up and reporting of such observations, such as Phase IV, pharmaco-
epidemiological and observational studies or registries, as detailed in such plans and strategies. 
Furthermore the Patient Safety & Medical Management department contributes to the accuracy of the 
description of any adverse effects and potential safety observations in product-related information 
provided to patients and healthcare professionals. 
Benefit Risk Teams regularly exert analyses to detect and / or monitor potential safety signals for the 
marketed products and for the portfolio in development. The UCB Group’s Benefit Risk Board, chaired

--- Page 105 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
by the Chief Medical Officer, regularly reviews the benefit / risk of the UCB Group products and 
molecules in development. 
Marketing of Products 
After a product has reached the market, it will be subject to regulatory requirements for advertising, 
promotion and distribution. These requirements apply to over-the-counter and prescription drugs and 
also address the interaction between pharmaceutical companies, patients (direct to consumer in the US) 
and healthcare professionals. The type and degree of these regulatory requirements vary from country 
to country. Many countries provide for varying degrees of requirements on granting benefits or product 
samples to healthcare professionals. Some countries impose restrictions on the involvement of 
pharmaceutical companies in meetings with healthcare professionals. The marketing and distribution of 
the UCB Group’s products is also subject to general anti-corruption and unfair competition regulations. 
The UCB Group has adopted a broad code of conduct of the business setting out certain principles in 
relation to business practices which are further extended in the UCB Group’s guidelines and standard 
operating procedures to comply with such legal, regulatory, ethical and other restrictions. It has also 
implemented a programme which provides for the administration and supervision of its compliance 
guidelines as well as the related training of its employees. 
(b) 
Manufacturing 
The UCB Group maintains high standards of quality governing the development, manufacturing and 
control of medicinal products, using Quality Risk Management principles. 
All UCB Group’s medicinal products are manufactured or imported only by authorised manufacturers, 
whose activities are regularly inspected by the competent authorities. Manufacturing authorisations are 
required by all pharmaceutical manufacturers in the European Union whether the products are sold 
within or outside of the Union. In many other jurisdictions, manufacturing facilities must hold 
government approvals, and they are subject to inspection in all jurisdictions.  
The manufacturing of the UCB Group’s medicinal products is performed in accordance with Good 
Manufacturing Practices (“GMP”) to ensure products are consistently produced and controlled to the 
quality standards appropriate to their intended use and in compliance with the marketing authorisation 
and product specifications. It is subject to extensive governmental regulations which address quality 
management, production and quality control. 
Manufacturing quality requirements apply not only to the UCB Group facilities but also to contract 
manufacturers and certain other suppliers. 
(c) 
Pricing 
In most of the jurisdictions in which the UCB Group sells its products, it is subject to price and 
reimbursement control by governments, public or private payers or private insurance companies. Price 
and reimbursement control mechanisms operate differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may 
result in substantial price and reimbursement differentials between different countries. 
Even though the UCB Group cannot predict with certainty the future governmental or private healthcare 
insurance interventions on the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products, such interventions 
may include the increase of price controls and restrictions in use, the inclusion of patent protected drugs 
in a fixed price system by therapeutic area and legislation permitting or requiring a pharmacist to 
substitute a prescribed pharmaceutical product with other versions thereof, including generic products. 
Many countries now employ some form of health technology assessment, which evaluates competing 
drug products in terms of their cost-effectiveness and other economic factors. These interventions could

--- Page 106 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
have significantly adverse consequences for the pharmaceutical industry, including the business 
activities of the UCB Group. 
13 Health, Safety and Environmental Regulations 
Although there is a significant process of harmonising health, safety and environmental regulations among the 
member states of the EU and in some cases globally, regulations vary across the countries in which the UCB 
Group operates. The UCB Group’s goal is to be in compliance with all applicable health, safety and 
environmental requirements, to make sure it provides workplaces that are safe and that UCB does not adversely 
impact its neighbours and communities where it operates. The UCB Group monitors and evaluates all 
environmental legal initiatives and laws regarding their potential impact on its current and past activities in 
order to develop and implement appropriate action plans in a timely and effective manner. The UCB Group 
expects that it will continue to be subject to stringent health, safety and environmental regulations.  
The development, production and distribution of the products of the UCB Group are subject to increasingly 
stringent environmental regulations. These environmental regulations address: 
• 
emissions into the air; 
• 
discharges of waste water; 
• 
incidental and other releases into the environment; 
• 
generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous 
materials; and 
• 
construction, operation and dismantling of facilities. 
The UCB Group believes that it is in substantial compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental 
laws and regulations and applies the precautionary principle, trying to anticipate on future trends. While its 
compliance to health, safety and environmental laws and regulations has not adversely affected the competitive 
position or business of the UCB Group, it cannot predict the impact of possible future regulations.  
14 Key Contracts and Partnerships  
As part of its ordinary business operations the UCB Group has entered into various contracts or partnerships 
including, amongst others, license and distribution agreements, co-promotion or co-marketing agreements, 
research and development agreements, and manufacturing and supply agreements as described in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Particularly, the UCB Group has entered into long-term development agreements with various pharmaceutical 
enterprises, clinical trial operators and financial investors. Such collaboration agreements may include 
milestone payments, which are dependent on successful clinical development or on meeting specified sales 
targets, as well as variable royalty payments based on unit sales (such as on Vimpat®, Cimzia® and 
Nayzilam®). On 31 December 2021, the maximum amount that would be paid out if all future milestones are 
achieved but excluding variable royalty payments based on unit sales and amounts accrued (on a time-value 
adjusted basis) for milestones already achieved but not yet due, amounted to EUR 1,126 million on an 
undiscounted and non-risk adjusted basis.  
The UCB Group has concluded several agreements with Contract Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs) for 
the supply of its products. Total outstanding commitments towards these CMOs amounted to EUR 563 million 
as per end of 2021 until 2031. If contractually agreed milestones, mainly dependent on future successful clinical 
development, are reached, this amount of contingent payments may increase to € 740 million.

--- Page 107 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Similarly, the UCB Group has entered into collaboration and outlicensing agreements, expected to lead to future 
revenues through milestone payments, as well as variable royalty payments. 
15 Legal Proceedings 
The companies of the UCB Group are involved in a number of legal proceedings. As a result of its global 
pharmaceutical operations, the companies of the UCB Group may in the ordinary course of their business 
become involved in proceedings relating to, for example, such matters as: product liability, commercial 
disputes, price reporting, marketing and promotional issues, and antitrust, challenges to patent validity and 
infringement, product promotion, tax assessments and audits and environmental liability. 
Save as disclosed under note 3.33 (Commitments and Contingencies) on page 35 and s. of UCB’s 2022 Half-
Year Report (which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus), there are no ongoing governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings at the date of this prospectus which are expected to have a material adverse 
effect on UCB and/or the UCB Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Although not an exhaustive list of actual claims or proceedings in which the companies of the UCB Group are 
involved, the note 3.33 (Commitments and Contingencies) on page 35 and s. of UCB’s 2022 Half-Year Report 
describes what the UCB Group believes are most noteworthy. Subsequent developments in any pending matter 
as well as additional claims that may arise from time to time, including additional claims similar to those 
described, could become significant to the UCB Group. The UCB Group treats any claim asserted against it by 
a third party seriously and, with the assistance of advisors, takes steps to defend itself in any such proceedings.” 
16 Management and Corporate Governance 
(a) 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the UCB Group is the governing body of the UCB Group. The current Board 
is composed of 14 Directors. The Board appoints a chair and one or more vice chair among its members. 
The Board appointed Stefan Oschmann as its chair and Fiona du Monceau as the only vice chair of the 
Board in 2021. Jean-Christophe Tellier is the chief executive officer and chair of the executive committee 
to whom the Board has delegated certain of its powers (the “Executive Committee”). The current 
members of the Board are:  
 
UCB 
Board of Directors 
UCB 
Board Committees 
Principal outside Interests 
Stefan Oschmann 
(2) 
Chair of the Board (since 
2021) 
Member of the GNCC since 
2021 
Chairman of the Board AiCuris Anti-infective Cures AG* 
Member of the Board Springer Nature*  
Member of the Foundation Board Schörghuber KG 
Member of the Supervisory Board Malteser Deutschland 
Fiona du Monceau 
(3) 
Vice Chair of the Board 
(since 2021) 
 
Chair of the GNCC since 
2021 
Member of the Board of Financière de Tubize S.A.* 
Governor of the London Business School & member of 
their audit and risk committee 
Pierre Gurdjian (2) 
Independent Director 
Vice Chair of the Board 
from 2017 to 2021 
Member of the GNCC since 
2016 
President of the Board of the Université Libre de 
Bruxelles  
Member of the Board of Lhoist  
Member of the Board of Solvay* 
Jean-Christophe 
Tellier (1) 
Executive Director 
(since 2014) 
 
Chair of BCR (Biopharmaceutical CEOs Roundtable) 
President of IFPMA (International Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations)

--- Page 108 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Member of the Board of EFPIA (European Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations) 
Vice-Chair of the Innovation Board sponsored Committee 
(EFPIA) 
Member of the Board of Directors of PhRMA 
(Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America) 
Kay Davies (2) 
Independent Director 
(since 2014) 
Chair of the Scientific 
Committee (since 2014) 
Member of the GNCC since 
2017 
 
Director of Genome Research Ltd 
Member of the Board of Directors of Oxford Biomedica* 
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Sarepta 
Therapeutics 
Albrecht De Graeve 
(2) 
Director 
Independent Director 
from 2010 to AGM 2022 
Member of the Audit 
Committee from 2010 to 
AGM 2022   
Chair of the Audit 
Committee from 2015 to 
2021 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sibelco NV 
Independent director and member of the audit and risks 
committees of the Bank Nagelmackers and its holding 
company (ABBH NV) 
Independent Chairman of the Welvaartsfonds NV 
Susan Gasser 
Independent Director 
(since 2021) 
Member of the Scientific 
Committee (since 2021) 
  
 
Director of the ISREC Foundation, Lausanne, Switzerland  
Member, Swiss Wissenschaftsrat (Swiss Science Council, 
SSC), Bern  
Member, ETH Board (Governing Board of the ETH 
Domain), Switzerland  
Chair, Strategic Board of the Helmholtz Society Health 
Program, Germany  
Scientific advisor, VI Partners AG*, Switzerland  
Viviane Monges (2) 
Independent Director 
(since 2017) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (since 2018) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Novo Holdings 
. 
Member of the Board of Directors of DBV Technologies* 
Member of the Board of Pharvaris.* 
Member of the Board of ADC Technologies* 
Chair of the Supervisory boards of EUROAPI 
Charles-Antoine 
Janssen (3) 
Director (since 2012) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee (since 2015) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Financière de 
Tubize SA* 
Managing Partner at Kois SA 
Partner and CIO of several impact funds 
 
Jonathan Peacock 
(2) 
Independent Director 
(since 2021) 
Chair of the Audit 
Committee (since 2021) 
 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Avantor, Inc* 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Bluesphere Bio, Inc 
Board member of Real Chemistry 
Ulf Wiinberg (2) 
Independent Director 
(since 2016) 
Member of the Audit 
Committee from 2016 to 
2021 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Laval AB* 
Member of the Board of Directors of Agenus Inc* and 
Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee 
CEO of X-Vax Therapeutics, Inc. 
Jan Berger (2) 
Independent Director 
(since 2019) 
 
. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Tabula Rasa 
Healthcare Inc.* 
Member of the Board of Directors of GNS Healthcare 
Member of the Board of Directors of Cambia Health 
Solutions

--- Page 109 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cédric van 
Rijckevorsel (3) 
Director (since 2014) 
 
Managing Director and founder of IDS Capital 
(Switzerland and UK) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Financière de 
Tubize SA* 
Member of the Board of Directors of Barnfin SA 
Cyril Janssen (3) 
Director (since 2015) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Financière de 
Tubize SA* 
Member of the Board of Directors of FEJ SRL 
 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Jean-Christophe Tellier is also the chair of the Executive Committee. 
(2) 
These Directors meet all independence criteria according to the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and the 2020 
Belgian Code of Corporate Governance (the “2020 Code”). 
(3) 
These Directors are representatives of Financière de Tubize S.A., the main shareholder of UCB. 
(4) 
* Listed companies  
 
The business address for each of the foregoing Directors is UCB SA, 60 Allée de la Recherche, 1070 
Brussels, Belgium. 
In 2021 and 2022, there have been situations (such as the approval of the bonus of the CEO) which 
required the application of the conflict rules provided for in Article 7:96 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations. These situations are further detailed and described in Section 3.12 of the 
Corporate Governance Statement, pages 171 and 172 of the Integrated Annual Report 2021. All 
situations which required the application of the conflict rules provided for in Article 7:96 of the Belgian 
Code of Companies and Associations in 2022 will be disclosed in the Integrated Annual Report 2022. 
Except for these particular situations, the Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the UCB Group of the members of the Board and their private interests and/or 
other duties. 
(b) 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is vested with all the duties, powers and authorities assigned to it by the Board. 
The Board nonetheless continues to bear ultimate responsibility for the management of the UCB Group 
and theoretically has the competence to make decisions in the place of the Executive Committee. 
According to section 5.1.1 of the charter of corporate governance of the UCB Group (the “Charter”), 
the Executive Committee has responsibility for executing the strategy of the UCB Group as approved 
by the Board, in particular in the areas of research and development, operations, financial, 
administrative, risk and legal issues, human resources and investment. It directs the UCB Group in its 
widest context and ensures sound operation of general UCB Group management. 
Since July 1, 2020, the Executive Committee consists of 9 members; only the chair of the Executive 
Committee is a member of the Board. The members of the Executive Committee are appointed for an 
indefinite term but can be dismissed by the Board at any time. The chair of the Executive Committee is 
appointed by the Board upon proposal by the Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee. 
The other members of the Executive Committee are appointed by the Board upon recommendation of 
the chair of the Executive Committee and upon proposal by the Governance, Nomination and 
Compensation Committee. 
The members of the Executive Committee since July 1, 2020 are:

--- Page 110 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
110 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Jean-Christophe Tellier 
Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of the Executive Committee 
Emmanuel Caeymaex 
Executive Vice President Immunology Solutions & Head of U.S. 
Sandrine Dufour 
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
Jean-Luc Fleurial 
Executive Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer 
Iris Löw-Friedrich 
Executive Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 
Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen 
Executive Vice President Supply & Technology Solutions 
Dhaval Patel 
Executive Vice President & Chief Scientific Officer 
Bill Silbey 
Executive Vice President & General Counsel 
Charl van Zyl 
Executive Vice President Neurology Solutions & Head of EU / 
International 
The business address for each of the foregoing members of the Executive Committee is UCB SA, 60 
Allée de la Recherche, 1070 Brussels, Belgium. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the UCB Group of 
the members of the Executive Committee and their private interests and/or other duties. 
(c) 
Corporate governance 
UCB is applying the 2020 Code as of 1 January 2020 as its reference code, also taking into account the 
specific international aspects of UCB. In accordance with principle 2 of the 2020 Code, the UCB Group 
has established a Charter describing all main aspects of its corporate governance policy. This Charter is 
annually reviewed by the Board of Directors and last updated in May 2022. As part of the 2020 Code 
rules, UCB has also adopted a Code of Conduct and a Dealing Code. 
The Charter describes the main aspects of the corporate governance of the UCB Group including its 
governance structure, the terms of reference of the Board and its committees and other important topics. 
The Charter is available, together with the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the UCB Group, on 
the UCB Group’s website (https://www.ucb.com/). The Board approved the initial Charter on 28 October 
2005 and the current version of the Charter was approved on February 23, 2022.  
(d) 
Audit Committee 
According to section 4.2.2 of the Charter, the Audit Committee is composed of three non-executive 
Directors who are independent from UCB Group’s management and three of which are independent as 
defined in Article 7:87, §1 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. The current members of 
the Audit Committee are Jonathan Peacock (chair), Viviane Monges and Charles-Antoine Janssen. 
Jonathan Peacock and Viviane Monges fulfil the independence criteria set by Article 7:87, §1 of the 
Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. The Audit Committee meets at least four times a year, 
and met four times in 2021. 
According to section 4.2.1 of the Charter, the Audit Committee assists the Board in its responsibility of 
monitoring the management of the UCB Group and the UCB Group as a whole, and more specifically 
with regard to the reliability of financial information, compliance with relevant laws and regulations, 
appropriate risk management and efficient internal control processes within the UCB Group. The Audit 
Committee makes recommendations to the Board. The Board, however, has the exclusive power of 
decision.

--- Page 111 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The assignments of the Audit Committee can vary according to the circumstances. However, the Audit 
Committee performs the functions such as verifying the quality and reliability of UCB Group’s 
consolidated semi-annual and annual accounts submitted to the Board, evaluating the checking and audit 
methods implemented at UCB Group level, and examining together with the external auditors the range, 
scope and method of the performed audit and to examine the results of the external audit and the reports 
submitted by the external auditors to the shareholders. 
The Audit Committee regularly invites the Executive Vice-President Corporate Development & Finance 
who is also a member of the Executive Committee, the Head of Group Accounting & Internal Controls, 
the internal auditor, and the external auditors to attend its meetings. 
(e) 
Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee 
The Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee (“GNCC”) is composed of three non-
executive Directors who are all independent from management. A majority of the current members of 
the GNCC meets the independence criteria set by Article 7:87, §1 of the Belgian Code of Companies 
and Associations, and all members have the competencies and expertise required in matters of 
remuneration policies as requested by Article Article 7:100 of the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations. The GNCC meets at least twice a year, and met four times in 2021. 
The duties and responsibilities of the GNCC are determined by the Board. According to section 4.3.1 of 
the Charter, the GNCC ensures that the appointment and re-election process is organised objectively and 
proportionally. Additionally, it proposes the remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and 
Executive Committee members, and it proposes the compensation programmes for Executive 
Committee members, using outside consultants when needed. The GNCC makes recommendations to 
the Board. Only the Board, however, has the power of decision. 
The duties of the GNCC include, among others, submitting to the Board proposals for appointment, 
renewal or resignation of members of the Board and the Executive Committee, making 
recommendations in relation to remuneration of the member of the Board, proposing overall 
remuneration and any other fixed or variable allowances allocated to members of the Executive 
Committee, approving changes in the system of remuneration for UCB Group’s senior executives and 
reviewing the status of Corporate Governance and the Charter. 
The Chair of the Board and of the GNCC, and, as the case may be, the Vice Chair of the Board are 
responsible for conducting the regular assessment process of the Board and for reporting the results to 
the Board. 
The GNCC is attended by the chair of the Executive Committee, who does not take part in meetings 
regarding issues with respect to his own position, and the Executive Vice President Talent & Company 
Reputation, who is also the GNCC’s secretary for the meetings. It is also advised by external experts 
when this is deemed useful by the GNCC. 
(f) 
Scientific Committee 
The Scientific Committee is composed of two members who have outstanding scientific medical 
expertise, currently Kay Davies and Alice Dautry. 
The members of the Scientific Committee attend the meetings of UCB Group’s Scientific Advisory 
Board (“SAB”) and meet regularly with the Executive Vice-President & Chief Scientific Officer of UCB. 
The Scientific Committee reports to the Board after each SAB meeting.

--- Page 112 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Scientific Committee assists the Board when reviewing the quality of UCB Group’s R&D science 
and its competitive standing. It assesses the strategy proposed by UCB Group management in R&D 
matters and communicates its recommendations to the Board. 
The members of the Scientific Committee are also closely involved in the activities of the SAB 
composed of external leading scientific medical experts. The SAB was created in September 2005 by 
the Executive Committee to critically review the R&D activities of the UCB Group, to provide scientific 
appraisal and strategic input as to the best way for the UCB Group to become a robust and thriving 
biopharmaceutical leader and to advise the Executive Committee on the strategic choices related to early 
stage R&D. The Scientific Committee’s main task is to report to the Board of Directors on the SAB’s 
appraisal of UCB Group’s research activities and strategic orientation. 
17 Principal Shareholders  
Since 13 March 2014, the share capital of UCB amounts to EUR 583,516,974 and consists of 194,505,658 
Ordinary Shares of no-par value. The Ordinary Shares are listed on Euronext, Brussels. They have been fully 
paid up. 
The present major shareholders of UCB are, as at the date of 30 September 2022: 
 
 
 
None of the shareholders mentioned above, nor any other shareholders of UCB, have any special rights or 
privileges other than those conferred by the Ordinary Shares held by them. 
None of the shareholders mentioned above has control over UCB. 
 
Last update: 
Situation as per
Share capital
Total number of voting rights  (= denominator)
1
Financière de Tubize SA ('Tubize')
securities carrying voting rights (shares)
69.440.861
35,70%
2
UCB SA/NV
securities carrying voting rights (shares)           
4.931.131
2,54%
30 September 2022
assimilated financial instruments (options)(1)
0
0,00%
06 March 2017
assimilated financial instruments (other)(1)
0
0,00%
18 December 2015
Total
4.931.131
2,54%
Free float(2) (securities carrying voting rights (shares))
120.133.666
61,76%
3
Wellington Management Group LLP
securities carrying voting rights (shares)
15.166.845
7,80%
4
BlackRock, Inc.
securities carrying voting rights (shares)
9.412.691
4,84%
5
FMR LLC
securities carrying voting rights (shares)
7.509.016
3,86%
01 June 2022
(1) Assimilated financial instruments within the meaning of article 6, §6 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings.
(all percentages are calculated on the basis of the current total number of voting rights)
13 May 2022
13 January 2020
01 August 2022
Notifications received pursuant to the law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of large shareholdings
30 September 2022
€ 583.516.974
13 March 2014
194.505.658
(2) Free float being the UCB shares not held by the reference shareholder (Tubize) and UCB SA/NV. Only securities carrying voting rights (shares) 
held by these entities are taken into account for this calculation; assimilated financial instruments are excluded.

--- Page 113 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
113 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UCB is not aware of any voting agreements among the shareholders mentioned above.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no change to the shareholding structure of UCB described 
in the table above since 30 September 2022.

--- Page 114 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION  
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
 
The comments below are of a general nature only and are not exclusive. Prospective Noteholders who are in any 
doubt as to their tax position should consult their own professional advisers. 
Common Reporting Standard 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information will be governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (“CRS”).  
As at 28 July 2022, 117 jurisdictions have signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which 
is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report on 
the relevant controlling persons.  
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation (DAC2), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as foreseen in CRS. 
DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU.  
The Belgian government has implemented said Directive 2014/107/EU, respectively the CRS, per the Law of 16 
December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by 
the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and 
for tax purposes. 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory exchange of information applies in Belgium (i) as of 
income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States, (ii) as of income year 2014 
(first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other non-EU States that have 
signed the MCAA, as of the respective date determined by Royal Decree. 
In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it was determined that the automatic provision of information has 
to be provided as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of eighteen foreign jurisdictions, as from 
2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for 
another jurisdiction and as from 2020 (for the 2019 financial year) for 6 other jurisdictions. The Notes are subject to 
DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 16 December 2015, Belgian financial 
institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report financial information 
regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall 
communicate the information to the competent authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Belgium

--- Page 115 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
115 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or 
disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended neither as tax 
advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or resulting from any of 
the aforementioned transactions. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors concerning the detailed and overall tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and on 
Belgium’s tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof 
under published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. 
Applicable tax section in case of a X/N issuance of the Notes 
Belgian withholding tax 
Interest payments in respect of the Notes will be subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30% on the 
gross amount of the interest, subject to such relief as may be available under applicable domestic law or applicable 
tax treaties. 
In this regard, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid by the Issuer in excess of the issue 
price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or upon purchase by the Issuer) and (iii) in case of 
a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of 
accrued interest corresponding to the holding period. 
Under Belgian domestic law, however, payments of interest in respect of the Notes may normally be made without 
deduction of withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are held by 
certain eligible investors (the “Eligible Investors”) in an exempt securities account (an “Exempt Account”) that has 
been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the Securities 
Settlement System. Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt, Euronext Securities Milan, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities 
Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive gross interest 
income on their Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors 
in an Exempt Account. 
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax, as amended from time to time, (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding 
en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification 
du précompte mobilier) and include, inter alia: 
1. Belgian companies as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Income Tax Code of 1992 (the Tax Code); 
2. institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control of 
insurance companies other than those referred to in 1° and 3°, and without prejudice to the application of 
Article 262, 1° and 5° of the Tax Code; 
3. state-linked social security organisations and institutions assimilated thereto specified in Article 105, 2° of 
the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Tax Code; 
4. non-resident investors as specified in Article 105, 5° of the same Decree; 
5. investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 of the same 
Decree;

--- Page 116 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
116 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. companies, associations and other taxpayers within the meaning of Article 227, 2° of the Tax Code, having 
invested the Notes in the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and being subject to non-
resident income tax in accordance with Article 233 of the same Code;  
7. the Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the Tax Code; 
8. investment funds governed by foreign law being an indivisible estate managed by a management company 
for the account of the participants provided that the fund units are not publicly issued in Belgium or traded 
in Belgium; 
9. Belgian resident companies not referred to under 1° above, when their activities exclusively or principally 
consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit making 
organisations, other than those mentioned under 2° and 3° above. 
Upon opening of an Exempt Account with the Securities Settlement System or with a Participant, an Eligible Investor 
is required to provide a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. There 
are no ongoing declaration requirements for Eligible Investors, save that they need to inform the Participants of any 
changes to the information contained in the statement of their eligible status. However, Participants are required to 
annually provide the National Bank of Belgium with listings of investors who have held an Exempt Account during 
the preceding calendar year. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in Article 
2, 1st paragraph, (1) of Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 (“CSD”) as participants to the Securities Settlement System 
(each a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only hold Exempt Accounts and that they are able to 
identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to apply, 
it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSD as participants include 
the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. 
An Exempt Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each Beneficial 
Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a statement on a form 
approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor, and (ii) the 
Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. Participants must keep the Notes which 
they hold on behalf of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt account (a “Non Exempt Account”). In such instance 
all payments of interest are subject to withholding tax (currently at the rate of 30%), which is withheld by the National 
Bank of Belgium from the interest payment and remitted to the Belgian Treasury. 
Transfers of Notes between an Exempt Account and a Non Exempt Account may give rise to certain adjustment 
payments on account of withholding tax: 
• 
in case of a transfer from a Non-Exempt Account to an Exempt Account, the transferring non-Eligible 
Investor must remit to the National Bank of Belgium withholding tax calculated on the pro rata of accrued 
interest from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date; 
• 
in case of a transfer from an Exempt Account to a Non-Exempt Account, the National Bank of Belgium 
must refund to the acquiring non-Eligible Investor an amount equal to withholding tax calculated on the pro 
rata of accrued interest from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date; 
• 
in case of a transfer between two Exempt Accounts, no adjustment on account of withholding tax applies; 
and 
in case of a transfer between two Non-Exempt Accounts, the transferring non-Eligible Investor must pay to the 
National Bank of Belgium the withholding tax on the pro rata of accrued interest calculated from the last interest

--- Page 117 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payment date up to the transfer date, and to the refund by the National Bank of Belgium to the acquiring non-Eligible 
Investor of withholding tax on the same interest amount. 
Belgian tax on income and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals subject to Belgian personal income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes 
physiques), who hold the Notes as a private investment, do not have to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their 
personal income tax return, provided that Belgian withholding tax has effectively been levied on the interest. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their personal 
income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30% (or at 
the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, 
whichever is more beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be 
credited against the taxpayer’s personal income tax liability. 
Any capital gain realised upon a transfer of Notes to a party other than the Issuer will in principle be tax exempt 
(except to the extent the tax authorities can prove that the capital gain does not result from the normal management 
of the individual’s private estate and without prejudice to withholding tax on the interest component if any). Capital 
losses on Notes are in principle not deductible. 
Different rules apply for Belgian resident individuals holding Notes as a professional investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
For a Belgian company subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), all 
interest derived from the Notes and any capital gain on a transfer of Notes will form part of its taxable basis. The 
standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25%. Small companies (as defined in Article 1:24 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) are under certain conditions taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 
20% for the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of their taxable base. 
Any retained Belgian interest withholding tax will generally, subject to certain conditions, be creditable against any 
corporate income tax due and the excess amount will in principle be refundable. Capital losses on Notes are, in 
principle, tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the Tax Code. 
Belgian resident legal entities 
For a Belgian resident legal entity subject to legal entities income tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes 
morales), the withholding tax on interest will constitute the final tax in respect of such income. 
It should be noted that a Belgian legal entity which qualifies as an Eligible Investor and which has received interest 
free of withholding tax due to the fact that it holds the Notes through an Exempt Account with the Securities 
Settlement System, will have to declare the interest and pay the applicable withholding tax to the Belgian Treasury 
itself. 
Any capital gain upon a transfer of Notes to a party other than the Issuer will in principle be tax exempt (without 
prejudice to withholding tax on the interest component if any). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de Financiering van 
Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) in the meaning of the Law of 27 October 2006 on the activities 
and supervision for occupational retirement provision (wet van 27 oktober 2006 betreffende het toezicht op de

--- Page 118 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
instellingen voor bedrijfspensioenvoorzieningen/loi du 27 octobre 2006 relative au contrôle des institutions de 
retraite professionnelle), are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle 
not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited 
against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Non-residents of Belgium 
For a non-resident of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes which is not holding the Notes through a Belgian 
establishment or investing in the Notes in the course of a Belgian professional activity, the mere acquisition, 
ownership or disposal of the Notes will not give rise to any Belgian tax liability in respect of income or capital gains 
(without prejudice to withholding tax if applicable). 
A non-resident company having allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a 
Belgian establishment is subject to practically the same rules as a Belgian resident company (see above). 
Applicable tax section in case of a X-only issuance of the Notes 
Belgian withholding tax 
Payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made without deduction of 
withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are 
held by certain eligible investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an 
“Exempt Account”) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a 
“Participant”) in the Securities Settlement System. Euroclear, Clearstream, Frankfurt, Euronext Securities Milan, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly participants for this 
purpose. 
In this regard, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
excess of the issue price in respect of the relevant Notes (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, 
or upon purchase by the Issuer) and, (iii) in case of a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment dates, the 
pro rata part of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period. 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive the gross interest 
income on their Notes and to transfer the Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors 
in an Exempt Account. 
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax, as amended from time to time, (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding 
en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/arête royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification 
du précompte mobilier) and include, inter alia: 
1. Belgian companies as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Income Tax Code of 1992 (the Tax Code); 
2. institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control of 
insurance companies other than those referred to in 1° and 3°, and without prejudice to the application of 
Article 262, 1° and 5° of the Tax Code; 
3. state-linked social security organisations and institutions assimilated thereto specified in Article 105, 2° of 
the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Tax Code; 
4. non-resident investors as specified in Article 105, 5° of the same Decree; 
5. investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 of the same 
Decree;

--- Page 119 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. companies, associations and other taxpayers within the meaning of Article 227, 2° of the Tax Code, having 
invested the Notes in the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and being subject to non-
resident income tax in accordance with Article 233 of the same Code; 
7. the Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the Tax Code; 
8. investment funds governed by foreign law being an indivisible estate managed by a management company 
for the account of the participants provided that the fund units are not publicly issued in Belgium or traded 
in Belgium; 
9. Belgian resident companies not referred to under 1° above, when their activities exclusively or principally 
consist of the granting of credits and loans. Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident 
investors who are individuals or non-profit making organisations, other than those mentioned under 2° and 
3° above. 
Upon opening of an Exempt Account with the Securities Settlement System or with a Participant, an Eligible Investor 
is required to provide a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. There 
are no ongoing declaration requirements for Eligible Investors, save that they need to inform the Participants of any 
changes to the information contained in the statement of their eligible status. However, Participants are required to 
annually provide the National Bank of Belgium with listings of investors who have held an Exempt Account during 
the preceding calendar year. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in Article 
2, 1st paragraph, (1) of Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 (“CSD”) as participants to the Securities Settlement System 
(each a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only hold Exempt Accounts and that they are able to 
identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to apply, 
it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSD as participants include 
the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. 
An Exempt Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each Beneficial 
Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a statement on a form 
approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor, and (ii) the 
Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. 
Belgian tax on income and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian resident 
individuals as they do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian resident companies 
For a Belgian company subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), all 
interest derived from the Notes and any capital gain on a transfer of Notes will form part of its taxable basis. The 
standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25%. Small companies (as defined in Article 1:24 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) are under certain conditions taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 
20% for the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of their taxable base. 
Any retained Belgian interest withholding tax will generally, subject to certain conditions, be creditable against any 
corporate income tax due and the excess amount will in principle be refundable. Capital losses on Notes are, in 
principle, tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the Tax Code.

--- Page 120 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/ impôts des personnes morales) 
and which qualify as Eligible Investors and which consequently have received gross interest income are required to 
declare and pay the 30% withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities themselves (which withholding tax then 
generally also constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify as interest 
(as defined in the section “Belgian withholding tax”). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Non-residents of Belgium 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the Notes through 
a permanent establishment in Belgium will not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on interest income or 
capital gains by reason only of the acquisition or disposal of the Notes provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors 
and that they hold their Notes in an Exempt Account. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
No tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be due on 
the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
A tax on stock exchange transactions be levied upon the sale and purchase in Belgium of the Notes on a secondary 
market through a professional intermediary. The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium 
through a professional intermediary is 0.12% with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. 
The tax is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser 
(transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary. 
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the tax on the stock exchange transactions has 
been extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the order is directly or indirectly made 
to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by (i) a private individual with habitual residence in 
Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian 
Investor”). In such a scenario, the tax on the stock exchange transactions is due by the ordering private individual 
or legal entity unless that individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax on the stock exchange transactions due 
has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (borderel/ bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction 
was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the 
financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. 
Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium can appoint a stock exchange tax 
representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (a “Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). 
Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock 
exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement 
(borderel/bordereau) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange 
transactions due, the relevant Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock 
exchange transactions. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account, including 
investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium 
confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in Article 126.1, 2° of the 
Code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers).

--- Page 121 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
121 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (the “FTT”). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating 
Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided 
in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For 
Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. Since 2019, 
participating Member States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of this new FTT 
proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes. The FTT proposal is 
still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
Tax on Securities Accounts 
The Belgian Federal Parliament enacted a new law introducing an annual tax on securities accounts on 17 February 
2021 (the “Law of 17 February 2021”). The Law of 17 February 2021 provides for the introduction of an indirect 
tax on securities accounts (the “Tax on Securities Accounts”) which applies to securities accounts held by resident 
individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held, with a financial 
intermediary which is established or located in Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held 
by non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in 
Belgium, and to non-residents which hold one or more securities accounts through a Belgian establishment. 
Belgian resident and non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities will be taxed at a rate of 0.15% on the 
average value of qualifying financial instruments held on one or more securities accounts during a reference period 
of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent 
year. The taxable base is determined based on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 
September. No Tax on Securities Accounts will be due provided the holder’s share in the average value of the 
qualifying financial instruments on those accounts amounts to less than EUR 1,000,000. If, however, the holder’s 
share in the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts amounts to EUR 1,000,000 or 
more, the Tax on Securities Accounts will be due on the entire share of the holder in the average value of the 
qualifying financial instruments on those accounts (and, hence, not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 
1,000,000 threshold). However, the amount of the Tax on Securities Accounts will be limited to 10% of the difference 
between the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts and EUR 1,000,000.  
The Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian intermediary. Intermediaries 
not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a securities account subject to the tax, to 
appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (the “Tax on Securities 
Accounts Representative”). The Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis 
the Belgian State to declare and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Tax on 
Securities Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has 
withheld, declared and paid the Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account needs to declare and 
pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian 
intermediary or Tax on Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 also provides for the inclusion of anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying a from 
30 October 2020: a rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The 
latter covers the splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held at the same intermediary and 
the conversion of taxable financial instruments held on a securities account, into registered financial instruments. 
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own 
account. It is expected that the value of the Notes will have to be taken into account in determining the value of a 
securities account.

--- Page 122 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Several requests for annulment of the law introducing the Tax on Securities Accounts have been filed with the 
Constitutional Court. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the Tax on Securities Accounts without upholding its 
effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution of the tax already paid. 
Prospective Holders of the Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Tax on 
Securities Accounts and to follow on further developments relating thereto.  
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission published a proposal for a Council Directive (the Draft Directive) on 
enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transaction tax (the FTT). Pursuant to the Draft Directive, the FTT 
shall be implemented and enter into effect in eleven EU Member States (Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, 
Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain) (the Participating Member States). In December 2015, 
Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT. 
The Draft Directive has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may 
be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they were 
discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a 
contribution to the EU budget. According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German 
government), the FTT would be levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of 
ownership of shares (including ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar 
third country venue, or of other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar 
transactions (e.g. an acquisition of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by 
means of a physical settlement of a derivative). Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have been issued 
by a company, partnership or other entity whose registered office is established within one of the Participating 
Member States and with a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the 
respective transaction would be covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in whose 
territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest draft of the 
new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the Draft Directive, the latest draft of the new 
FTT proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not maintain 
or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States, and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there is no agreement between the Participating Member 
States by the end 2022, it will endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 in view 
of its introduction by 1 January 2026. 
Prospective Holders of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT 
associated with the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

--- Page 123 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
123 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. If 
an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments on the Notes as a result of FATCA, laws enacted pursuant to the IGA entered into between the United 
States and Belgium or laws enacted pursuant to an IGA entered into with another jurisdiction, none of the Issuer, any 
paying agent or any other person would be required to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify as a result of 
the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected. Federal 
Register Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. 
Under the Belgian Law of 16 December 2015 (Wet van 16 december 2015 tot regeling van de mededeling van 
inlichtingen betreffende financiële rekeningen, door de Belgische financiële instellingen en de FOD Financiën in het 
kader van automatische uitwisseling van inlichtingen op internationaal niveau en voor belastingdoeleinden/Loi du 
16 décembre 2015 réglant la communication des renseignements relatifs aux comptes financiers, par les institutions 
financières belges et le SPF Finances, dans le cadre d'un échange automatique de renseignements au niveau 
international et à des fins fiscales), which implements FATCA, Belgian financial institutions holding Notes for “US 
accountholders “ and for “Non-US owned passive Non- Financial Foreign entities” shall report financial information 
regarding the Notes (such as income and gross proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate 
the information to the US tax authorities.

--- Page 124 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Programme Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 
18 October 2022 (the “Programme Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two 
or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the securities laws 
of any state of the United States, or other relevant jurisdiction within the United States and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered, sold 
or delivered Notes and it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of all Notes of the relevant tranche within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, 
and the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or 
in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to 
any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited.

--- Page 125 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
125 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
If the Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any Retail Investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression “Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
 
(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
(c) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
If the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 2000 and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA 2000 to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 126 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA 2000 by the Issuer; 
 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 2000 with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
The Republic of Italy  
Unless it is specified within the applicable Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the 
offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to 
the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time 
("Regulation No. 11971"); or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of 
the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be:  
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(b) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the 
rules on public offerings applies under (i) and (ii) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the 
secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement

--- Page 127 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
127 
 
 
 
 
 
 
rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed in respect of the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, directly or indirectly, the Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and 
distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined 
in Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation (as amended) and in accordance with Articles L.411-1 and L.411-
2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as amended from time to time and any applicable French laws and 
regulations relating thereto. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed in respect of the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) the Notes have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any 
document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), 
or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571, 
Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in 
the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of that ordinance; and 
(b) no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes has been or may be issued or may be in the 
possession (and will not be issued or in the possession) of any person for the purpose of issue (in each 
case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Taiwan

--- Page 128 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
128 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or approved by, the Financial Supervisory 
Commission of the Republic of China (“Taiwan”) or any other Taiwanese authorities pursuant to relevant 
securities laws and regulations and may not be sold, issued, or offered within Taiwan through a public offering 
or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan 
that requires a registration or filing with or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. No 
person or entity has been authorized or will be authorized to offer, sell, recommend, give advice regarding or 
otherwise intermediate the offering and sale of the Notes in Taiwan. 
Each Dealer has, represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed in respect of the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that they have not offered, or sold, or re-sold, or 
traded or delivered, and will not offer, sell, re-sell, trade or deliver, at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes 
in Taiwan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident or entity of Taiwan. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. No representation is made that any action has been taken in any 
jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in all 
cases at its own expense and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 129 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
129 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in dematerialised form and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes 
will be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of Securities Settlement System. The Noteholders 
will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into definitive notes in bearer form. No certificates representing the 
Notes will be issued. 
The Notes will be accepted for settlement through the Securities Settlement System, and will accordingly be 
subject to the Securities Settlement System Regulations (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the “X-only Issuance” as “Applicable”, the Notes may be held only, and 
transferred only to, Eligible Investors.  
The number of Notes in circulation at any time will be registered in the register of registered securities of the 
Issuer in the name of the NBB. 
Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through those of its Securities Settlement System 
participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes. 
Securities Settlement System participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés 
de bourse), and Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. For a list of all the participants, refer to: 
https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds. Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and 
therefore accepted by, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto and Euroclear France and investors can hold their Notes within securities accounts 
in Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities 
Porto and Euroclear France. 
Transfers of interests in the Notes will be effected between Securities Settlement System participants in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the Securities Settlement System. Transfers between 
investors will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and operating procedures of the Securities 
Settlement System participants through which they hold their Notes. 
The Listing and Paying Agent will perform the obligations of domiciliary agent included in the clearing services 
agreement dated on or about 21 October 2019 between the Issuer, the NBB and the Listing and Paying Agent 
(the “Clearing Agreement”). 
The Issuer and the Listing and Paying Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the 
Securities Settlement System or its Securities Settlement System participants of their obligations under their 
respective rules and operating procedures. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System, to receive payments under the 
Notes. UCB will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
the Notes within the Securities Settlement System.

--- Page 130 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
130 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORMS OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any 
Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “Retail Investor” means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any 
UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a “UK Retail Investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive 
2016/97/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)][Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, 
in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit economique), as amended.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
UCB SA 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 2138008J191VLSGY5A09 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 18 October 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the [Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on [Issuer’s/financial intermediaries’/regulated market/competent authority] website. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 131 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
131 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
UCB SA 
2. 
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [insert description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date].] 
3. 
[(i)] Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples thereof (or its equivalent in any other 
currency).) 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date 
[●][specify date or for Floating Rate Notes Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis (see section 4 of the 
Conditions): 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●] per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
11. 
Put/Call Options (see section 5(d) 
and (e) of the Conditions): 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[3-Months Par Call] 
[Acquisition Event Call] 
[Make-Whole Call] 
[Change of Control Put][Investor Put]  
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 132 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
132 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] (N.B. Only relevant where Board 
(or similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual/Actual/365 (Fixed)/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/30E/360/30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year] [Not Applicable]  
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●] in each year][subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/ not subject 
to any adjustment as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified as Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[Interest Payment Date/[●]] 
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) [Reference Banks 
[●]] 
 
(ix) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Listing 
and Paying Agent]): 
[●] 
 
(x) Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 133 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
133 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] / [●] 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
        – ISDA Definitions: 
(xii) Linear Interpolation:  
2006 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/ short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual/Actual/365 (Fixed)/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/30E/360/30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) [Reference Price: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) [Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual/Actual/365 (Fixed)/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/360/30E/360/30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
3-Months Par Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18. 
Acquisition Event Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Acquisition Event Call Redemption 
Amount: 
Acquisition: 
Acquisition Long Stop Date: 
Acquisition Notice Period:  
[●] per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
 
[●] 
[●] 
The period from [[•]/ [the Issue Date]] to [[•]/the Acquisition 
Long Stop Date] 
19. 
Make-Whole Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
 
 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond: Belgium's obligations linéaires - 
lineaire obligaties (OLOs)/CA Selected Bond: German

--- Page 134 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
134 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bundesobligationen/CA Selected Bond:[●]/[specify non-CA 
Selected Bond]]] 
 
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
Optional Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
 
Reference Rate Determination 
Date: 
[The [●] Business Day preceding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
 
Floor: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable, subject to subparagraph 20(ii) below/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Change of Control 
Resolution Approval 
Deadline 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Step-Up 
Margin 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Put Redemption Rate 
[MIN ([●] per cent.; [●] per cent. × Exp (T × 
0.74720148386%), rounded down to the 9th decimal, where: 
(a) 
“Exp” means the exponential function meaning the 
function ex, where e is the number (approximately 
2.718) such that the function ex equals its own 
derivative; and 
(b) 
“T” means the time, expressed in decimals of a 
year, elapsed from (and including) the Issue Date until (and 
including) the Early Redemption Event 
 
/[●] %] 
21. 
Investor Put  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[As set out in Condition 5(e)(ii)/[●]] 
22. 
Tax Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, or 
on event of default or other early

--- Page 135 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
135 
 
 
 
 
 
 
redemption (except if otherwise 
provided)  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of UCB SA: 
 
By: ...................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 136 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market ] with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market]] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers],][Not applicable;] so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Use of Proceeds, Reasons for 
the offer: 
[●] 
 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
4. 
YIELD (For Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible

--- Page 137 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
137 
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Securities Settlement System and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
listing and paying agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
[Relevant Benchmark([s]]: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date hereof, EMMI appears in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation]  
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names and 
addresses of Managers 
and underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(B) Date of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
C) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If 
non-syndicated, 
name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) X-only Issuance 
(v) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not applicable 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 138 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
138 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels. 
(2) 
The listing of the Notes on Euronext Brussels will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(exclusive of accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted on 
Euronext Brussels will be admitted separately as and when issued. Prior to official listing and admission 
to trading, however, dealings may be permitted by Euronext Brussels in accordance with their rules. 
However, unlisted Notes or Notes listed on another market may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
(3) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection 
with the update of the Programme. The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 27 July 2022.  
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or trading position of UCB or of the 
UCB Group since 31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer or of the UCB Group since 30 June 2022. 
(5) 
Except as disclosed in Section “Description of UCB” (Heading “Legal Proceedings”) of this Base 
Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of their subsidiaries is involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has 
had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the UCB 
Group. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System (which is the entity in 
charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of the NBB is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, 
which could result in any member of the UCB Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(8) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(9) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes, subject to any applicable legal 
provisions. 
(10) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the Issuer’s website (www.ucb.com): 
• 
the Agency Agreement; 
• 
the Clearing Services Agreement;

--- Page 139 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
139 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
• 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is not admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Listing and Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
• 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and 
• 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
(11) 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on Euronext Brussels’ regulated 
market will be published on the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). 
(12) 
Mazars Réviseurs d’Entreprises (member of the Institut des Réviseurs/Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren), 
having its statutory seat at Manhattan Office Tower, Bolwerklaan/Avenue du Boulevard 21 B8, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium and represented by Anton Nuttens, has audited, and rendered an unqualified audit 
report on, the consolidated financial statements of UCB for the year ended 31 December 2021.  PwC 
Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL (member of the Institut des Réviseurs/Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren), 
having its statutory seat at Woluwedal 18, 1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe, Belgium and represented by 
Romain Seffer, has audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on, the consolidated financial 
statements of UCB for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
(13) 
The Dealers and their affiliates (including their respective parent companies, where applicable) have 
engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings with, 
and may perform services for, the Issuer or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including their respective parent companies, where 
applicable) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer, or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including their respective parent companies, where 
applicable) may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 140 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
140 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer 
UCB SA 
Allée de la Recherche 60 
B-1070 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Arranger  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria 
Ciudad BBVA, Calle Azul 4, Edificio 
Asia, Planta 2,  
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
B-1210 Bruxelles 
Belgium 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraβe 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnixlaan 24 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B – 1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Wells Fargo Securities International 
Limited 
33 King William Street  
London EC4R 9AT 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Listing and Paying Agent  
BNP Paribas, Belgium Branch 
Central Plaza – Floor 7 
25 rue de Loxum 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 141 ---
EUI-1214169433v6 
 
 
141 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Montagne du Parc 3 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Auditor 
For the financial year ended on 31 December 2021 
 
Mazars Réviseurs d’Entreprises 
Manhattan Office Tower 
Avenue du Boulevard 21 B8 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
For the financial year ended on 31 December 2020 
 
PwC Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL 
Culliganlaan 5 
1831 Diegem 
Belgium 
 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer 
Jones Day  
Rue de la Régence 4 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
Legal Advisers to the Dealers 
Allen &Overy LLP  
Uitbreidingstraat 80 
2600 Antwerp 
Belgium