--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
UAB “KVARTALAS” 
ISSUE FOR THE OFFERING OF BONDS OF UAB “KVARTALAS” IN THE AMOUNT OF UP TO EUR 
50,000,000 AND ADMISSION THEREOF TO TRADING ON THE BOND LIST OF AB NASDAQ VILNIUS  
This base prospectus (the Prospectus) has been drawn up and published by UAB "Kvartalas", legal entity code 
305475438, with its registered address at Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania (the Company or Issuer) 
in connection with the public offering, listing and admission to trading of the Bonds (as defined below) to be issued 
by the Company from time to time under the Issue (as defined below) to the Bond List of AB Nasdaq Vilnius (the 
Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius or Nasdaq), a regulated market in the Republic of Lithuania.  
Under this EUR 50,000,000 bond issue (the Issue), the Company may from time to time publicly offer and issue up 
to 500,000 bonds with the nominal value of EUR 100 each (the Bonds) to retail and institutional investors of the 
Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia (the Offering), but the Issuer may also choose to offer the Bonds to 
investors in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA) under relevant exemptions provided for 
in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). All Bonds offered, issued, listed and admitted to 
trading under this Prospectus from time to time by way of all separate series (the Tranche) under respective final 
terms (the Final Terms) will form one and the same Issue and have the same ISIN code.  
The function of this Prospectus is to give information about the Company, the Issue and the Bonds. Each Final 
Terms of the respective Tranche will be decided and announced separately. 
The Bank of Lithuania in its capacity as the competent authority in the Republic of Lithuania under the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Regulation) on 18 November 2024 has approved this document as a Prospectus 
and has notified the approval of the Prospectus to the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority (in Estonian: 
Finantsinspektsioon; the EFSA) and to the Bank of Latvia (in Latvian: Latvijas Banka). All the Bonds of the Company 
(when issued) will be dematerialized registered bonds and will be registered with Lithuanian branch of Nasdaq CSD, 
SE (the merged central securities depository of the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, the Nasdaq CSD) 
that operates a central security depository in the Republic of Lithuania (the Register). 
The approval by the Bank of Lithuania of this Prospectus only means that it is meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Investing into 
the Bonds involves risks and may not be suitable for all investors. Each prospective investor in the Bonds 
must determine, based on its own independent review and, if applicable, professional advice (as the 
appropriateness of the Bonds will be determined by the financial intermediary through which the investor 
subscribes to the Bonds, if required by applicable laws) that the investment in the Bonds is suitable in light 
of its financial circumstances and objectives. While every care has been taken to ensure that this 
Prospectus presents a fair and complete overview of the material risks related to the Company, its 
operations and to the Bonds, the value of any investment in the Bonds may be adversely affected by 
circumstances that are either not evident at the date hereof or not reflected in this Prospectus. Each 
decision to invest in the Bonds must be based on the Prospectus in its entirety. Therefore, we suggest you 
familiarise yourselves with the Prospectus thoroughly. 
NOTICE TO ALL INVESTORS  
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any 
solicitation of any offer to acquire the Bonds offered by any person in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or 
solicitation is unlawful, in particular this Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be distributed or published in such 
countries or jurisdictions or otherwise in such circumstances in which it would be unlawful or require measures other 
than those required under Lithuanian laws, including the United States of America (the United States or U.S), 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong and Japan.  
Moreover, neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer 
or the Arranger/Dealer (as defined below) or any other person engaged by the Issuer in connection with the Offering 
that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Bonds. Each recipient 
of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Bonds.  
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the relevant laws of any state, province or territory other 
than the Republic of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia and may not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
indirectly, within any other jurisdiction than the Republic of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia, except pursuant to an 
applicable exemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Prospectus, the Bonds shall not 
be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, to (i) any Russian or Belarusian national or natural 
person residing in Russia or Belarus, or (ii) any legal person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus, and 
(iii) regardless of nationality, residence or establishment, to any person to whom such offering, sale, transfer or 
delivery of the Bonds is restricted or prohibited by international sanctions, national transaction restrictions or other 
similar measures established by an international organisation or any country (including the European Union, the 
United Nations or the United States). 
Distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any related documents, including any Final Terms, are not allowed in 
those countries where such distribution or participation in the Offering of the Bonds requires any extra measures or 
is in conflict with the laws and regulations of these countries. Persons who receive this Prospectus or any related 
document, including any Final Terms, should inform themselves about any restrictions and limitations on distribution 
of the information contained in this Prospectus and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these 
restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No action has been taken by 
the Company in relation to the Bonds or rights thereto or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms in any jurisdiction where action is required, other than in the Republic of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia. The 
Company is not liable in cases where persons or entities take measures that are in contradiction with the restrictions 
mentioned in this paragraph. 
INFORMATION FOR UNITED STATES INVESTORS 
The Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by any United States’ regulatory authority. The Bonds will not 
be, and are not required to be, registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or on a United States securities exchange. The Company 
does not intend to take any action to facilitate a market for the Bonds in the United States. The Bonds may not be 
offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States, except pursuant to an 
applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
VALIDITY OF PROSPECTUS  
The Prospectus is valid for 12 months after the date of its approval provided that the Prospectus is supplemented 
in case new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies occur, and such an obligation does not apply after 
the end of the validity period of the Prospectus.  
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
”Swedbank”, AB, legal entity code 112029651, registered address at Konstitucijos ave. 20A, Vilnius, 03502, the 
Republic of Lithuania, which is assigned by the Issuer for the purposes of arranging the Issue, Offering in the 
Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia and admission of the Bonds to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius 
(the Arranger and/or Dealer), and/or for any other purposes and services as provided for in the Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealer 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 18 November 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTORY INFORMATION 
5 
1.1. 
Applicable Law 
5 
1.2. 
Persons Responsible 
5 
1.3. 
Presentation of Information 
5 
1.4. 
Historical Financial Information and Accounting Standards 
6 
1.5. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
7 
1.6. 
Use of Prospectus 
7 
1.7. 
Approval of Prospectus 
8 
1.8. 
Availability of Prospectus and Other Information 
8 
1.9. 
Definitions 
8 
2. 
OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUE 
11 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
16 
3.1. 
Risks related to the Company 
16 
3.2. 
Risks related to the Bonds 
19 
4. 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
23 
5. 
FINAL TERMS 
24 
6. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
25 
6.1. 
Introduction to Offering 
25 
6.2. 
Definitions 
25 
6.3. 
Principal Amount and issuance of the Bonds, Offering Jurisdictions 
29 
6.4. 
Status of the Bonds 
29 
6.5. 
Denomination, Title, Issue Price, Yield, Transfer and Underwriting 
29 
6.6. 
Bonds in Book-Entry Form 
30 
6.7. 
Payments to the Bondholders 
30 
6.8. 
Taxation 
30 
6.9. 
Interest 
31 
6.10. Offering and Admission of Bonds 
31 
6.11. Redemption 
39 
6.12. Covenants of the Issuer 
42 
6.13. Protection of Bondholders Interest 
45 
6.14. Bondholder’s Meeting 
46 
6.15. Notices 
47 
6.16. Trustee 
47 
6.17. Collateral 
49 
6.18. Other matters 
51 
7. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
53 
8. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
56 
9. 
REASONS FOR OFFERING AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
59

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
10. GENERAL CORPORATE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
60 
11. SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
61 
11.1. Share Capital and Shares 
61 
11.2. Shareholders of Company 
61 
12. MANAGEMENT 
62 
12.1. Management Structure 
62 
12.2. Management Company 
62 
12.3. Management of the Management Company 
63 
12.4. Management Board of the Management Company 
63 
12.5. Other Key Executives of the Management Company 
64 
12.6. Conflicts of Interests 
66 
12.7. Statutory Auditors 
67 
13. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
68 
13.1. History and development of Company; Principal Activities 
68 
13.2. Financing of Activities 
68 
13.3. Competitive Position and Competitive Strengths 
69 
13.4. Material Agreements 
70 
13.5. Related Party Transactions 
73 
13.6. Trend Information 
73 
13.7. Profit Forecasts or Estimates 
76 
13.8. Significant Change in Financial Position 
76 
13.9. Legal Proceedings 
76 
14. DEVELOPMENT OF A++ CLASS BUSINESS CENTRE “SĄVARŽĖLĖ” 
77 
14.1. Location 
77 
14.2. Building 
77 
14.3. Sustainability 
79 
14.4. The Project Schedule and Cost 
79 
14.5. Anchor Tenant 
80 
15. TAXATION 
82 
15.1. Lithuanian Tax Considerations 
83 
15.2. Latvian Tax Considerations 
84 
15.3. Estonian Tax Considerations 
85

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTORY INFORMATION 
1.1. 
Applicable Law 
The Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Delegated 
Regulation1 and the Law of the Republic of Lithuania on Securities, as amended (the Law on 
Securities), and the rules promulgated thereunder. The Prospectus comprises of a registration 
document of the Company drawn up in accordance with Annex 6 of the Delegated Regulation and of 
securities note of the Bonds drawn up in accordance with Annex 14 of the Delegated Regulation. 
This Prospectus is governed by Lithuanian law. Any disputes, relating to or arising in relation to the 
Bonds shall be finally settled solely by the Vilnius Court of Commercial Arbitration in accordance with its 
Rules of Arbitration which is granted with exclusive jurisdiction to hear, settle and/or determine any 
dispute, controversy, or claim (including any non-contractual dispute, controversy or claim) arising out 
of or in connection with the Prospectus or the Bonds. The investor may be required under national law 
to bear the costs of translating this Prospectus before being able to bring a request/claim to the state 
court in relation to this Prospectus, Bonds and arbitration award. 
Before reading this Prospectus, please take notice of the following important introductory information.  
1.2. 
Persons Responsible 
The person responsible for the information given in this Prospectus is the Company. The Company 
accepts responsibility for the fullness and correctness of the information contained in this Prospectus as 
of the date hereof. Having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the Company 
believes that the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, 
in accordance with the facts, and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
[signed digitally] 
of the Company 
Marius Žemaitaitis 
Without prejudice to the above, no responsibility is accepted by the person responsible for the 
information given in this Prospectus solely on the basis of the summary of any Tranche issued under 
this Prospectus and respective Final Terms, including any translation thereof, unless such summary is 
misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, or 
where it does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key information in 
order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in the Bonds. 
1.3. 
Presentation of Information 
Final Terms and Reading the Prospectus. The Bonds are issued in Tranches on the terms set out herein 
under Section “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds” (the Terms and Conditions) as completed by a 
document specific to each such Tranche called the final terms (the Final Terms) as described under 
respective Section “Form of Final Terms of the Bonds”. The Prospectus should be read together with all 
supplements and in respect of each Tranche of Bonds with the Final Terms of such Tranche. The Final 
Terms of each individual Tranche will be published together with the summary drawn up for such 
Tranche on the website of the Company at www.savarzele.lt, and after the Bonds are listed and admitted 
to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, these documents will also be published on Nasdaq 
operated Central Storage Facility (the CSF) at www.crib.lt. The Final Terms and summary of the 
 
1 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 
809/2004 (the Delegated Regulation).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
separate Tranches will not be approved by the Bank of Lithuania or any other supervisory authority but 
will be filed with the Bank of Lithuania.  
Approximation of Numbers. Numerical and quantitative values in this Prospectus (e.g., monetary values, 
percentage values, etc.) are presented with such precision which is deemed by the Company to be 
sufficient in order to convey adequate and appropriate information on the relevant matter. From time to 
time, quantitative values have been rounded up to the nearest reasonable decimal or whole value in 
order to avoid excessive level of detail. As a result, certain values presented as percentages do not 
necessarily add up to 100% due to the effects of approximation. Exact numbers may be derived from 
the Financial Statements to the extent that the relevant information is reflected therein. 
Currencies. In this Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency of 
the European Union Member States in the Eurozone. 
Date of Information. This Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the date 
of the Prospectus. Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this Prospectus 
(including the financial information of the Company, the facts concerning its operations and any 
information on the markets in which it operates) must be understood to refer to the state of affairs as of 
the aforementioned date. Where information is presented as of a date other than the date of the 
Prospectus, this is identified by specifying the relevant date. 
Third Party Information and Market Information. For portions of this Prospectus, certain information may 
have been sourced from third parties. Such information is accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Company is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third parties, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Where 
information has been sourced from third parties, a reference to the respective source has been provided 
together with such information were presented in this Prospectus. Certain information with respect to 
the markets in which the Company operates is based on the best assessment made by the 
Management. Nevertheless, investors should take into consideration that the Company has not verified 
the information published by third parties and while every reasonable care was taken to provide best 
possible assessments of the relevant market situation and the information on the relevant industry, such 
information may not be relied upon as final and conclusive. Therefore, the Company does not guarantee 
the accuracy of such data, estimates or other information sourced from third parties. Investors are 
encouraged to conduct their own investigation of the relevant markets or employ a professional 
consultant. 
Updates. The Company will update the information contained in this Prospectus only to such extent and 
at such intervals and by such means as required by the applicable law or considered necessary and 
appropriate by the Management. The Company is under no obligation to update or modify forward-
looking statements included in this Prospectus (please see Section 1.5 "Forward-Looking Statements" 
below). 
Hyperlinks to Websites. This Prospectus contains hyperlinks to websites. The information on the 
websites does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Bank of 
Lithuania, except for hyperlinks to information that is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Language. The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms may have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
1.4. 
Historical Financial Information and Accounting Standards 
The following historical financial information has been incorporated into this Prospectus by reference 
under Section 4 “Information incorporated by Reference”): 
(i) 
the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022;

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 ((i) and 
(ii) together referred to as the Audited Financial Statements); 
(iii) 
the unaudited interim financial statements of the Company for the 6-month period ended 30 June 
2024 (the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements and Audited Financial Statements together 
with Unaudited Interim Financial Statements jointly referred to as the Financial Statements). 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Lithuanian Financial Reporting 
Standards (LFAS) as adopted by the Republic of Lithuania. The presentation of financial information in 
accordance with the LFAS requires management to make various estimates and assumptions which 
may impact the values shown in the financial statements and notes thereto. The actual values may differ 
from such assumptions.  
The Company’s financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December, the amounts are 
presented in thousand euros unless otherwise indicated. 
The Audited Financial Statements are audited by UAB “KPMG Baltics”, legal entity code 111494971, 
registered address at Lvivo st. 101, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania.  
 
1.5. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Prospectus includes forward-looking statements (notably under Section 3 “Risk Factors”, Section 
13 “Business Overview” and Section 9 “Reasons for Offering and Use of Proceeds”). Such forward-
looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about future events, which are in 
turn made on the basis of the best judgment of the Management. Certain statements are based on the 
beliefs of the Management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
Management. Any forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions about the future operations of the Company, the macro-economic 
environment and other similar factors. 
In particular, such forward-looking statements may be identified by use of words such as “strategy”, 
“expect”, “plan”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “will”, “continue”, “estimate”, “intend”, “project”, “goals”, “targets” 
and other words and expressions of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements can also be identified 
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. As with any projection or forecast, 
they are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances, and the Company is under 
no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements 
contained in this Prospectus whether as a result of such changes, new information, subsequent events 
or otherwise. 
The validity and accuracy of any forward-looking statements is affected by the fact that the Company 
operates in a highly competitive business. This business is affected by changes in domestic and foreign 
laws and regulations (including those of the EU), taxes, developments in competition, economic, 
strategic, political and social conditions, clients’ response to new and existing products and technological 
developments and other factors. The Company’s actual results may differ materially from the 
Management’s expectations because of the changes in such factors. Other factors and risks could 
adversely affect the operations, business or financial results of the Company (please see Section 3 “Risk 
Factors” for a discussion of the risks which are identifiable and deemed material at the date hereof). 
1.6. 
Use of Prospectus  
This Prospectus and any Final Terms are prepared solely for the purposes of the Offering of the Bonds 
and admission to trading of the Bonds on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius. This Prospectus and any 
Final Terms shall not be published in any jurisdiction other than the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and 
Estonia and consequently the dissemination of this Prospectus and any Final Terms in other countries 
may be restricted or prohibited by law. This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for any 
other purpose than for making the decision of participating in the Offering or investing into the Bonds.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
You may not copy, reproduce (other than for private and non-commercial use) or disseminate this 
Prospectus or any Final Terms without express written permission from the Company. 
Any person into whose possession this Prospectus or any part of it and/or any Final Terms comes to 
shall observe all restrictions established in this Prospectus or applicable laws. The Company will not be 
liable in cases where persons take measures that are in contradiction with the applicable restrictions.  
1.7. 
Approval of Prospectus 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Bank of Lithuania on 18 November 2024. The Bank of 
Lithuania only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and therefore the approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Company and the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this 
Prospectus.  
Each prospective investor in the Bonds must determine, based on its own independent review and, if 
applicable, professional advice (as the appropriateness of the Bonds will be determined by the financial 
intermediary through which the investor subscribes to the Bonds, if required by applicable laws) that the 
investment in the Bonds is suitable in light of its financial circumstances and objectives. 
1.8. 
Availability of Prospectus and Other Information 
This Prospectus is available as of 19 November 2024 in an electronic format on the website of the 
Company (www.savarzele.lt). After the Bonds admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, 
the Prospectus shall also be available on the website of Nasdaq (www.nasdaqbaltic.com). Any investor 
may request delivery of an electronic copy of this Prospectus (or any documents incorporated herein by 
reference as disclosed in Section 4 “Information incorporated by Reference”) from the Company or 
Trustee without charge by sending request by e-mail of the Company info@lordslb.lt or the Trustee 
info@lt.gt.com.  
Paper copy of this Prospectus (or copies of the documents incorporated herein by reference as 
disclosed in Section 4 “Information incorporated by Reference”) also the relevant Final Terms can be 
obtained free of charge at the premises of the Company (Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania 
on business days between 10:00 – 15:00) by any investor upon prior arrangement with the Company 
by e-mail info@lordslb.lt.  
All information presented on the Company’s website which has not been incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus under Section 4 “Information incorporated by Reference” does not form part of the 
Prospectus. 
1.9. 
Definitions 
In this Prospectus, the definitions will have the meaning indicated below, unless the context of the 
Prospectus requires otherwise. Definitions are listed in alphabetical order and the list is limited to the 
definitions which are considered to be of most importance. Other definitions may be defined and used 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, including specific definitions related to the Issue and Offering provided in 
the Terms and Conditions under Section 6 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds” of this Prospectus. 
Term 
Definition 
Audited 
Financial 
Statements 
shall mean the audited financial statements of and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the audited financial statements of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 of the Company, both prepared in accordance 
with the LFAS, including the independent auditor’s reports on the financial 
statements.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
Articles of Association 
shall mean the Articles of Association of the Company effective as at the 
date of this Prospectus. 
Bank of Lithuania 
shall mean the Bank of Lithuania (in Lithuanian: Lietuvos bankas) with its 
registered office in Vilnius, the Republic Lithuania. The Lithuanian financial 
supervision authority. 
Bonds 
shall mean any and all the Company’s bonds offered in accordance with 
this Prospectus. 
Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius 
shall mean the regulated bond market operated by Nasdaq – Bond List of 
Nasdaq Vilnius, where the Bonds issued under this Prospectus shall be 
listed and admitted to trading.  
Company or Issuer 
shall mean UAB "Kvartalas", legal entity code 305475438, with its 
registered address at Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. The 
Company is being managed by the Management Company. The 
Company’s data is collected and stored with the Register of Legal Entities 
of the Republic of Lithuania. 
EEA 
shall mean the European Economic Area. 
EU 
shall mean the European Union. 
EUR, €, euro 
shall mean the official currency of Eurozone countries, including the 
Republic of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, the euro. 
Final Terms 
shall mean the final terms of the relevant Tranche of the Bonds, where the 
form of the Final Terms is provided in Section 7 “Form of Final Terms of the 
Bonds”.  
Financial Statements 
shall collectively refer to the Audited Financial Statements and Unaudited 
Interim Financial Statements.  
Fund 
or 
Sole 
Shareholder 
shall mean the closed-ended real estate investment fund intended for 
informed investors Right Bank Development Fund (fund code No I130), 
managed by the Management Company and which is the sole shareholder 
of the Company as of the date of the Prospectus.  
General Meeting 
shall mean the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company, the 
supreme body of the Company. 
Key 
Executives 
or 
Management 
shall mean the following persons (separately or collectively) within the 
Company and/or Management Company’s organization structure, as 
applicable: the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO), the Chief Financial 
Officer (the CFO), the Chief Risk Officer (the CRO), the members of the 
Management Board of the Management Company, the Fund’s manager 
acting under the power of attorney issued by the Management Company.  
LFAS 
shall mean the Lithuanian Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
Republic of Lithuania.  
Management Company 
shall mean UAB "Lords LB Asset Management", legal entity code 
301849625, registered address at Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of 
Lithuania, a licensed investment management company supervised by the 
Bank of Lithuania.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
Offering 
shall mean the offering of the Bonds to institutional and retail investors of 
the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, which is a public offering of 
securities within the meaning of the Law on Securities and the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Issue 
shall mean the aggregate of the Bonds to be issued under ISIN 
LT0000411167 by way of all Tranches in the amount of up to EUR 
50,000,000. 
Prospectus 
shall mean this document, including the registration document of the 
Company and the securities notes of the Bonds. 
Prospectus Regulation 
shall mean Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
Related Parties 
shall mean the third party, as defined in the International Accounting 
Standard, 24 Related Party Disclosures. 
Terms and Conditions 
shall mean the terms and conditions of the Bonds which are provided in 
Section 6 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds” of this Prospectus, 
applicable to all the Bonds to be issued in each of the respective Tranches, 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
Tranche 
shall mean a portion of the Bonds of the Issue issued from time to time 
during the validity term of this Prospectus under the respective Final Terms 
as contemplated by the Terms and Conditions.  
Unaudited 
Interim 
Financial Statements 
shall mean the Company‘s unaudited interim financial statements for the 6-
month period ended 30 June 2024 prepared in accordance with the LFAS.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
2. 
OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUE 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of the Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Bonds should be based on a consideration of this 
Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of the 
Bonds, the applicable Final Terms.  
The below overview constitutes a general description of the Issue for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
the Delegated Regulation. 
Issuer 
UAB “Kvartalas” 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of the Issuer 
98450090J5CC5A19F957 
Issue Approval 
The Issue has been approved by a Decision of Sole Shareholder dated 13 
November 2024. 
Issue Amount 
Up to 50,000,000 EUR, i.e., up to 500,000 Bonds can be issued under the 
Issue.  
Description 
Bond Issue secured with a real estate Collateral. 
ISIN code 
LT0000411167 
Method of Issue 
The Bonds will be issued in Tranches under the same ISIN code. Each 
Tranche will be issued on different Issue Dates. The Bonds of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms as provided in the Terms and 
Conditions, except that the Final Terms of different Tranches may (or will) 
establish different Issue Dates, Issue Prices, Yield.  
Final Terms 
The Bonds issued under the Issue will be issued pursuant to the Prospectus 
and associated Final Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of the Bonds will be the Terms and Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Currency 
The Bonds will be denominated in euros. 
Denomination 
The Nominal Value (denomination) of each Bond is EUR 100.  
Maturity 
The Bonds are to be issued with a maturity of up to 2 years (i.e. the Bonds 
issued under the Issue by way of all Tranches will be redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date which will be specified in the Final Terms of the first Tranche), 
unless redeemed earlier as prescribed further.  
Status of Bonds 
The Bonds of the Issue will be issued as secured fixed-term Bonds only. 
The Bonds constitute secured, unsubordinated, direct, and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Bonds 
together with interest thereon, in as much as such payment obligations 
have not been settled in due time and from the value of the established 
Collateral shall rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
Form of Bonds 
The Bonds shall be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered with 
Nasdaq CSD. According to the Law on Markets in Financial Instruments of 
the Republic of Lithuania the book-entry and accounting of the 
dematerialized securities in the Republic of Lithuania, which will be listed 
and admitted to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius (regulated 
market), shall be made by Nasdaq CSD. The Bonds shall be valid from the 
date of their registration with Nasdaq CSD until the date of their redemption. 
No physical certificates will be issued to the Bondholders. Principal and 
interest accrued will be credited to the Bondholders’ Securities Accounts 
through Nasdaq CSD.  
Collateral 
The whole Issue shall be secured by the Mortgage over the Property (i.e. 
Land Plot and Building), created in favour of the Trustee acting on behalf 
of the Bondholders.  
Please see Section 6.17 “Collateral” of the Terms and Conditions for more 
information in respect to the Collateral. 
Rights 
attached 
to 
Bonds 
The rights attached to the Bonds have been established in the Terms and 
Conditions. The main rights of the Bondholders arising from the Bonds are 
the right to the redemption of the Bonds and the right to receive payment 
of interest. 
The rights arising from the Bonds can be exercised by the Bondholders in 
accordance with the Prospectus and the applicable law. According to the 
Terms and Conditions as prescribed further in the Prospectus, any dispute 
between the Company and a Bondholder shall be solved by amicable 
negotiations and if the amicable negotiations have no outcome during a 
reasonable period of time, the dispute shall be settled by the Vilnius Court 
of Commercial Arbitration in accordance with its Rules of Arbitration (the 
number of arbitrators shall be three; the place of arbitration shall be Vilnius; 
the language of arbitration shall be English). Claims arising from the Bonds 
shall expire in accordance with the statutory terms arising from applicable 
law. 
After the contemplated admission of the Bonds to trading on the Baltic Bond 
List of the Nasdaq, all material information in relation to the Company, Issue 
and Bonds will be disclosed via the CSF at www.crib.lt. 
Issue Price 
The Bonds may be issued at any price (at a Nominal Value or at a discount 
or at a premium or adding to the price the interest accrued on the Bonds 
from the last Interest Payment Date (in case the last Interest Payment Date 
was before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche)). The Issue Price and 
amount of each Tranche of the Bonds to be issued will be determined by 
the Company in accordance with prevailing market conditions and 
established in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest 
The Bonds will be interest bearing as provided and calculated in 
accordance with Section 6.9 “Interest” of the Terms and Conditions and the 
respective Final Terms. The accrued interest for the Bonds will be 
computed using the Act/Act (ICMA) day count convention, as per the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
formula detailed in the Terms and Conditions.  
Redemption 
The Bonds shall be redeemed, i.e. the Redemption Price shall be paid to 
the Bondholders on the Final Maturity Date or, if applicable, on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date or Early Maturity Date. 
The Redemption Price paid to the Bondholder on the Final Maturity Date 
equals the full outstanding principal (i.e. Nominal Value) together with the 
unpaid interest accrued up to the Final Maturity Date (unless early 
redeemed, as indicated below). 
Early Redemption 
Except for cases specified in Section 6.11(d) “De-listing Event or Listing 
Failure (put option)” and Section 6.11(e) “Extraordinary Early Redemption" 
of the Terms and Conditions, there are no other cases where the 
Bondholders have a right to demand redemption of the Bonds prior the 
Final Maturity Date. 
De-listing 
Event 
or 
Listing 
Failure 
(put 
option) 
If at any time while any Bond remains outstanding, there occurs (a) a De-
listing Event, or (b) a Listing Failure, each Bondholder will have the option 
to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the 
purchase of, all or part of its Bonds on the De-listing Event or Listing Failure 
Put Date, as determined in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, 
paying to the Bondholder full Nominal Value of the redeemable Bonds 
together with the unpaid interest accrued up to the relevant De-listing Event 
or Listing Failure Put Date (exclusive). More details in Section 6.11(d) “De-
listing Event or Listing Failure (put option)”. 
Early 
Optional 
Redemption of Bonds 
by the Company 
The Bonds shall be redeemable wholly or partially at the option of the Issuer 
prior to the Final Maturity Date on the following conditions: 
(i) 
the Bondholders and Trustee shall be notified at least 30 calendar 
days in advance on the anticipated early redemption of the Bonds;  
 
(ii) 
on the Early Redemption Date, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Bondholders full Nominal Value of the redeemable Bonds together 
with the unpaid interest accrued up to the relevant Early Redemption 
Date (excluding) and a premium of 1 % (to be calculated from the 
Nominal Value of the Bonds) if the Early Redemption Date occurs 
between the Issue Date of the first Tranche and 1.5 years thereafter 
(inclusive); 
 
(iii) 
no premium shall be paid if the Early Redemption Date is after 1.5 
years following the Issue Date of the first Tranche, and on the Early 
Redemption Date the Issuer shall pay to the Bondholders full 
Nominal Value of the redeemable Bonds together with the unpaid 
interest accrued up to the relevant Early Redemption Date 
(excluding).  
Listing and Trading 
Application(s) will be made for the Bonds issued under the Issue to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius. The Company 
expects that the Bonds of the respective Tranche shall be listed and 
admitted to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius within 4 months as 
from placement thereof to the investors the latest. Disregarding this, the 
Company will put best efforts so that this term would be as short as

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
practically possible. The Final Terms will indicate the respective Tranche’s 
expected listing and admission date. 
Covenants 
(i) 
LTC ratio; 
(ii) Negative Borrowing;  
(iii) Negative Pledge; 
(iv) Mortgage over Property; 
(v) Disposal of Property; 
(vi) Corporate Status; 
(vii) Decisions; 
(viii) Reporting obligations. 
Full descriptions on the above listed covenants are provided for in Section 
6.12 “Covenants of the Issuer” of the Terms and Conditions.  
Transfer Restrictions 
There are no restrictions on transfer of the Bonds as they are described in 
the applicable Lithuanian laws. However, the Bonds cannot be offered, 
sold, resold, transferred or delivered in such countries or jurisdictions or 
otherwise in such circumstances in which it would be unlawful or require 
measures other than those required under Lithuanian laws, including the 
United States, except for the exceptions to registration obligation allowed 
by the securities laws of the United States and its states, Australia, Canada, 
Hong Kong and Japan. Any person into whose possession this Prospectus 
or any part of it and/or any Final Terms comes to shall observe all such 
restrictions. 
Taxation 
All payments to be made in connection with the Bonds shall be calculated 
and paid taking into account any taxes and other deductions mandatory 
under applicable laws respectively in the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and 
Estonia.  Please see Section 15 “Taxation” of the Prospectus for more 
information in respect to taxation in each jurisdiction.  
Risk Factors 
Investing in the Company’s Bonds involves certain risks. The principal risk 
factors that may affect the ability of the Company to fulfil its respective 
obligations under the Bonds are discussed under Section 3 “Risk Factors” 
of the Prospectus. 
Governing Law 
The Bonds shall be governed by Lithuanian law. 
Ratings  
Neither the Issuer nor the Bonds have been rated by any credit rating 
agencies. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of the Bonds shall be entitled to exercise any right of set off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Company in respect of the 
Bonds. 
Estimated 
Expenses 
charged to Investor 
No expenses will be charged to the investors by the Issuer in respect to the 
Offering, transfer of the Bonds to the Securities Account of an investor upon 
Bonds’ issuance and admission of the Bonds to trading on the Bond List of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Nasdaq Vilnius. However, investors may be responsible for covering 
expenses related to the opening of Securities Accounts with credit 
institutions or investment brokerage firms, as well as commissions charged 
by these institutions or firms for executing purchase or sale orders, holding 
the Bonds, or performing any other operations related to the Bonds. The 
Issuer will not compensate investors for any such expenses. 
Use of Proceeds 
(i) 
Financing the construction and fit-out of the Project (incl. financing 
costs related to the Project) in an amount up to EUR 47,000,000; 
(ii) to finance redemption of the subordinated intercompany bonds 
together with accrued interest from the Fund up to the maximum 
amount of EUR 3,000,000. 
The company may also use the proceeds from the Issue to support its 
working capital needs.  
Arranger and Dealer  
”Swedbank”, AB. 
Distributor  
In case the Company would assign any Distributor for the purpose of the 
Offering of the Bonds, contacts of such Distributor will be indicated in the 
Final Terms of the respective Tranche. 
Trustee 
Grant Thornton Baltic UAB, a private limited liability company, legal entity 
code 300056169, with its registered address at Upės st. 21-1, Vilnius, the 
Republic of Lithuania.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing into the Bonds issued by the Company entails various risks. Each prospective investor in the 
Bonds should thoroughly consider all the information in this Prospectus, including the risk factors 
described below. Any of the risk factors described below, or additional risks not currently known to the 
Management or not considered significant by the Management, could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, operations or prospects of the Company and result in a corresponding 
decline in the value of the Bonds or the ability of the Company to redeem the Bonds. As a result, 
investors could lose a part or all of the value of their investments. The Management believes that the 
factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing into the Bonds. The risk factors 
are presented in categories and where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such 
risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. The risk factors in a 
category are presented considering the materiality and probability of occurrence of a particular risk, i.e., 
the risk factors within each category are presented in descending order, with the most material risks 
listed first.   
This Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice or an investment recommendation 
to acquire the Bonds. Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own independent review 
and analysis and such professional advice as it deems necessary and appropriate, whether an 
investment into the Bonds is consistent with its financial needs and investment objectives and whether 
such investment is consistent with any rules, requirements and restrictions as may be applicable to that 
investor, such as investment policies and guidelines, laws and regulations of the relevant authorities, 
etc. 
3.1. 
Risks related to the Company 
3.1.1. 
Financial Risks 
Construction cost and Project’s success risk 
The Company is undertaking the development of an A++ class business center “Sąvaržėlė” in the 
Republic of Lithuania. While construction is slated for completion by the end of 2025, within an estimated 
total Project cost of 78.1 million EUR, it is important to note that construction commenced in early 2024, 
and there is no assurance that all planning information was accurate or fully comprehensive. 
Investments in newly constructed buildings carry more risk compared to investments in completed 
properties, as they do not yet generate operating income (e.g., rent) but still incur significant costs, 
including construction expenses, real estate taxes, and insurance. Real estate development also 
involves the risk of committing substantial financial resources to projects that could be cancelled due to 
legal or regulatory issues, experience prolonged completion times, or incur higher-than-anticipated 
costs. Additionally, there is a risk of significant losses if third parties fail to successfully complete 
construction, potentially resulting in delays and cost overruns. 
Furthermore, global market conditions, such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, volatility in the 
electricity market, and fluctuations in the supply chain for building materials could greatly influence key 
variables like financing costs, operating expenses, and construction costs. Consequently, the Project 
could encounter delays, generate less revenue, or incur higher costs than initially expected. These 
delays may also lead to tenants terminating existing agreements, which could further impact the 
Company’s financial position and its ability to meet its obligations to Bondholders.  
Therefore, the Issuer considers the risks outlined herein to be significant. Should these risks materialize, 
the Bondholders may not receive the anticipated return on their investment and, in the worst-case 
scenario, could lose the entirety of their investment.   
Tenants’ risk

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Company has secured a leasing contract with AB Šiaulių bankas, 
for 46% of the total Project’s gross leasable area (the GLA).  AB Šiaulių bankas is the only tenant as of 
the date of this Prospectus. However, the lease agreement with AB Šiaulių bankas may be terminated 
due to the fault of either party in the event of a material breach, for example the Company’s failure to 
hand over the premises to the lessee (AB Šiaulių bankas) or the lessee’s failure to take over the 
premises from the Company, or the termination may occur due on other contractual grounds, subject to 
penalties and other sufficient compensation. 
Furthermore, given the increasing supply of business centres in Vilnius and the competitive rental 
market, the Company may need to offer discounts to attract tenants or make significant additional 
investments that cannot be accurately forecasted. Additionally, broader economic factors, such as 
fluctuations in interest rates, changes in demand for commercial spaces, or shifts in tenant preferences, 
could also impact leasing efforts. If the market slows down, leading to higher vacancies and increased 
pricing competition, there is a risk of prolonged vacancies and lower-than-expected income. 
Although the Issuer considers that, as of the date of this Prospectus, the risks outlined herein are 
moderate – given that construction progress is in line with the Project’s schedule and cost structure, as 
well as the still remaining demand for new commercial spaces in Vilnius – the materialization of these 
risks could significantly affect the overall financial viability of the Project and the Company’s ability to 
meet its financial obligations, including those to the Bondholders. 
Credit and default risk of the Company  
The Company is a special purpose vehicle established for the construction, development, and fit-out of 
a single real estate Project. At the moment, considering the development stage of the Project, the 
Company does not generate revenue from the operations of the business center under development, 
all its activities are primarily financed by the Sole Shareholder and further, also by the Bonds to be 
issued under this Prospectus. Company’s financial statements show continuing increase in liabilities, 
however the value of the Project under development is rising with each construction day as well. 
Consequently, reliance on external financing and timely decisions of the Management Company 
considering the increased balance sheet liabilities poses a credit risk for the Company if its capital needs 
are not met. Furthermore, the existing and anticipated increases in the Company’s debt obligations 
related to the equity capital provided by the Sole Shareholder shows the tight financial link between the 
Sole Shareholder and the Company. The injected equity capital provided by the Sole Shareholder, 
starting from the date of its subscription, shall be deemed as fully subordinated and ranking below the 
Bonds of the Issue (including all payments under the Prospectus, if any). This indicates that in the event 
of insolvency or default, the Bondholders will have a higher priority than the Sole Shareholder for the 
repayment of the Issuer’s debt obligations. Specifically, the debt to the Sole Shareholder will be repaid 
only after all Bondholders' claims have been fully settled. 
Therefore, investing in the Bonds carries credit risk, meaning the Company may not meet its obligations 
on time or in full due to the materialization of the credit risk. Even though all of the Company’s debt 
obligations to the Sole Shareholder under any bond subscription agreement are fully subordinated in 
favour of the Bondholders, the Company’s ability to fulfill these obligations, and the Bondholders’ ability 
to receive payments, still depends on the Company’s financial health and operational performance, 
which are subject to the additional risks detailed in this Prospectus. In the event of the Company’s 
insolvency, Bondholders may not receive full or any payments related to the Bonds. 
The Company cannot guarantee that defaults will not occur before the Bonds’ Final Maturity Date. 
Therefore, investors should independently assess the Issuer’s creditworthiness before investing in the 
Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Under the circumstances outlined above, the Company has assessed the risk as medium, but should 
the risk materialize, it would have a significant impact on the Company’s financial position and ability to 
meet its financial obligations. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not have enough cash or liquid assets to meet its payment 
obligations and redeem the Bonds when due. Maintaining liquidity and accessing long-term financing 
are essential for the Company to meet its financial commitments. However, future difficulties in 
accessing financial markets could make obtaining funding more challenging or costly. There is no 
guarantee that the Company will be able to secure financing at a reasonable cost, or at all. The Company 
may also face risks from the solvency of its financial counterparties, which could negatively impact its 
business, financial condition, and operational results. Although the Management actively monitors and 
manages liquidity risk and after considering various internal and external factors, the Company has 
assessed liquidity risk as medium, a decline in the Company’s liquidity could materially harm its 
business, financial health, and ability to redeem the Bonds at maturity if it does not receive the necessary 
capital injections. 
(iii) 
Business activities and industry risks 
Real estate market risk 
The real estate market is inherently volatile, and there is a risk that real estate investments may lose 
value over time. Since the Company’s operations are closely tied to real estate construction and 
development, its primary risk is the fluctuation in the real estate market, which could decrease the 
liquidity and value of its assets. Additionally, real estate market is competitive, which arises from the 
current supply of business centers in Vilnius, as well as several other business centers that are under 
construction and scheduled for completion around a similar time as the Project. Given that the real 
estate market is closely linked to the overall state of the economy in Lithuania and internationally, the 
Company’s target clients (tenants) may slow their expansion and growth plans, thus interest in the 
Company’s services may decrease and it may be difficult to find suitable tenants for the Project (for 
more information about the real estate market please see Section 13.6 “Trend information”). Fluctuations 
in the real estate market may be driven by rising interest rates and reduced access to financing, which 
can dampen buyer activity while increasing the number of properties for sale. This scenario could result 
in declining asset prices and lower transaction volumes, potentially harming the Company’s financial 
position if it decides to sell the Project. Moreover, a decrease in the value and liquidity of real estate 
assets used as Collateral for Bondholders could affect the Company’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Bondholders, thereby impacting their claims against the Issuer regarding the Bonds. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, there is no significant economic downturn domestically. However, the 
Company has assessed the risk of such a downturn as significant, given that adverse circumstances 
could impact the real estate market and, consequently, the Company’s financial standing. 
Risk of limited investment diversification 
The concentration of the Company’s activities and investments in a single Project elevates the 
Company’s risk profile. Although the Project’s development and construction are progressing according 
to schedule and estimated cost structure, lack of diversification makes the Company more vulnerable to 
adverse developments specific to this Project. Since the Company has no other real estate assets or 
revenue-generating activities, it evaluates this risk as medium. Any setbacks or financial difficulties 
encountered during the development of this real estate Project could have a significant adverse impact 
on the Company’s financial health. Such issues could disrupt the progress of the Project, increase costs, 
or delay completion. This, in turn, would affect the overall risk dynamics of the investment, potentially 
jeopardizing the Company’s ability to generate anticipated returns and meet its financial obligations.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Consequently, the Company’s ability to redeem the Bonds at maturity could be compromised, amplifying 
the risk for Bondholders. 
3.1.2. 
Legal risks 
Risk of legal disputes 
Although the Company is not currently involved in any legal proceedings and considers this risk to be 
remote, it cannot guarantee that disputes with tenants or other counterparties will not arise in the future. 
The outcomes of such disputes are unpredictable but may result in early termination of major Project 
related agreements. If a dispute was to be resolved unfavorably for the Company, it could adversely 
impact its operations, financial condition, and reputation and may cause the materialization of the above 
described credit risk. The Company might be required to pay damages, including the opposing party’s 
legal costs as well as its own legal expenses. Moreover, disputes may cause delays in the successful 
and timely completion of the Project or result in vacancies of Project premises, which itself may lead to 
decrease of Project related revenue. Such developments could affect the Company’s ability to fulfill its 
obligations to investors and potentially reduce the attractiveness and liquidity of the Bonds. 
3.1.3. 
Governance and internal control risks 
Management and human resources risk 
The Issuer is a company wholly owned by the Fund, which is controlled by the Management Company 
(if the Company were to become a collective investment undertaking, its management would be 
transferred to the Management Company). The Management Company possesses significant expertise, 
a skilled management team, professional staff, and the resources to engage external advisors. 
The Company’s success and growth are heavily dependent on the expertise of its CEO and those within 
the Management Company, especially Key Executives and individuals with specialized skills in project 
development, financing, operation, and maintenance. The departure of these key individuals due to their 
industry knowledge, familiarity with the Company’s processes, and relationships with local partners 
could significantly impact the Company’s business, financial stability, operational performance, and 
future prospects. 
Since the Issuer relies extensively on the Management Company’s resources for real estate 
development, any failure by the Management Company to quickly appoint qualified successors for 
departing employees, coupled with difficulties in managing temporary expertise gaps, could adversely 
affect the Company’s business, financial health, and long-term outlook. 
3.2. 
Risks related to the Bonds 
3.2.1. 
General risks  
Refinancing risk 
The Company may need to refinance some or all of its outstanding debts, including the Bonds.  
The Company plans to use a refinancing bank loan to redeem the Bonds issued under this Prospectus 
upon their Final Maturity Date. However, no agreements have been made at this stage. If securing a 
loan to refinance the Bonds proves unfeasible due to adverse debt market conditions or other 
challenges, the Issuer may consider selling the Project, or use the proceeds from a new bond issue to 
refinance the Bonds. The ability to obtain new financing or complete the Project sale transaction, or 
issue new bonds will depend on market conditions and the Issuer’s creditworthiness. In unfavorable 
market conditions, the Issuer might struggle to access financing on favorable terms, or at all. Failure to 
successfully refinance its debt could adversely affect the Issuer, its financial condition, earnings, and 
the Bondholders’ ability to fully or partially recover their investments under the Bonds.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Considering that the successful refinancing of the Company’s debts is dependent on both the successful 
completion of the Project and the Company’s financial standing at that time, the Company evaluates 
this risk as medium, when assessed in conjunction with the other risks outlined in the Prospectus. 
Risk of insufficient value of the Collateral 
The Issue will be secured. However, as of the date of the Prospectus, no Collateral is in place. Collateral 
will be established and registered with Lithuanian public register by the Issue Date of the first Tranche, 
as detailed in the Final Terms. The management and disposal of the Collateral, including actions like 
creating a mortgage, require approval from the Fund’s depository. The risk of not receiving this approval 
is considered low since the issuance of Bonds and the securing of the Issuer’s obligations comply with 
all legal requirements set out in the Issuer’s and Fund’s constitutional documents and legal acts. 
Apart from the Collateral established for the benefit of the Bondholders during the Offering pursuant to 
the Prospectus, there will be no other securities of third parties securing the Issue. 
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer does not guarantee that the value of the Collateral will 
equal or exceed the Nominal Value of the issued Bonds at any time, or that such value will be 
maintained. 
The Collateral will consist of the Land Plot, the Building, and other relevant engineering communications 
and networks that are under construction (appurtenances of the Building). According to the real estate 
valuation report by UAB “NEWSEC VALUATIONS” dated 8 November 2024, the value of the entire 
Collateral as of 30 September 2024 was EUR 31,520,000. Valuations will be conducted annually. 
The value of the Collateral is expected to increase as construction progresses and the Project is 
successfully completed. However, if the Company defaults before construction is finished, the 
Collateral’s value may not be sufficient to cover all of the Issuer’s obligations to Bondholders. 
Furthermore, if the Lithuanian real estate market experiences a downturn, leading to a significant drop 
in the Collateral’s value even after Project completion, it may still be insufficient to satisfy all Bondholder 
claims. Therefore, it is crucial to understand that the value of the Collateral may fluctuate over time. In 
the event of enforcement, the Trustee’s and Bondholders’ claims will be satisfied based on the 
Collateral’s value at the time of realization, as determined and executed according to the Code of Civil 
Procedure of the Republic of Lithuania. 
It should be noted that foreclosure of the Collateral may be a prolonged process, particularly if buyers 
for the Collateral are difficult to find. Additionally, any funds obtained from the Collateral's realization will 
first be used to cover all costs and expenses related to the enforcement process (including, but not 
limited to, state duties and notary fees) incurred by the Trustee. Consequently, Bondholders will receive 
only the remaining amounts after the Trustee’s claims have been satisfied. 
The Company assesses the risk that the value of the Collateral may be insufficient to cover the 
Bondholders' claims at the time of realization of the Collateral, if any, as medium, when evaluated in 
conjunction with the other risks outlined in the Prospectus. 
Inflation risk  
At the time of this Prospectus high inflation is viewed globally as one of the main macroeconomic factors 
posing significant risk to global economic growth and consequentially to the value of both equity and 
debt securities. Inflation reduces the purchasing power of a Bond’s future interest and Nominal Value. 
Inflation may lead to higher interest rates which could negatively affect the Bonds price in the secondary 
market, therefore, the risk is considered medium. 
Early redemption risk

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
According to the Terms and Conditions of the Offering established in the Prospectus, the Bonds may 
be redeemed prematurely on the initiative of the Company. If the early redemption right is exercised by 
the Company, the rate of return from an investment into the Bonds may be lower than initially anticipated 
by the investor.  
Moreover, there is no guarantee by the Company that Extraordinary Early Redemption Event will not 
occur, therefore in case of the occurrence of the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event the Bonds will 
have to be redeemed by the Company in accordance with the procedure established in the Prospectus 
and the rate of return from an investment into the Bonds may also be lower than initially anticipated by 
the investor.  
The Company has assessed this risk as remote. 
Transaction costs/charges 
When purchasing, subscribing to, or selling Bonds, incidental costs such as brokerage fees, 
commissions, and other expenses may be incurred in addition to the transaction price. The involvement 
of various parties, such as domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, could lead to unforeseen 
charges not disclosed in this Prospectus. Moreover, changes in laws in Lithuania and/or the investor’s  
domicile, or the introduction of new legal measures, may result in additional expenses or taxes for 
investors, potentially reducing their return on investment. 
Natural persons who are Lithuanian tax residents shall consider that if the Issue Price of the Bond of 
certain Tranche would be higher than the Nominal Value of the Bond, the Nominal Value received after 
the Bond is redeemed by the Issuer should not be treated as income of the natural person. However, 
for personal income tax purposes, the difference between the Issue Price and the Nominal Value, i.e., 
loss, will not reduce the interest received or any other taxable income of the natural person. 
The Company has assessed this risk as low. 
3.2.2. 
Offering and admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius related risks 
There is no active trading market for the Bonds / Risk of De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put 
option) 
The Bonds are newly issued securities that may not have widespread distribution and currently lack an 
active trading market. Should a market develop, it may be limited in liquidity. Consequently, there is no 
guarantee of any market liquidity for the Bonds, nor can Bondholders be assured of their ability to sell 
the Bonds or obtain favorable prices upon selling. 
The market for the Bonds could experience disruptions or volatility, which may negatively impact the 
Bonds' value, irrespective of the Company's financial performance and outlook. As a result, there is no 
guarantee that an active trading market for the Bonds will emerge. 
While applications will be submitted for the Bonds' admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius, there is no assurance that Nasdaq will approve these applications, that any specific Tranche of 
the Bonds will be admitted (i.e., Listing Failure may occur), or that an active trading market will develop 
or the Bonds will not be subject to De-listing Event. Additionally, compared to other international debt 
securities markets, the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius is characterized by relatively low liquidity and limited 
secondary trading. As a result, Bondholders may incur losses due to an inability to sell the Bonds or 
being forced to sell them at an unfavorable price.  
The Company assesses that the risk of active trading market not developing is high, while the risk of 
De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option) is remote. 
Bonds may not be appropriate to some Investors

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The Bonds may not be suitable for all investors. Potential investors should carefully assess whether the 
Bonds are appropriate for their personal circumstances, ensuring they have adequate financial 
resources and liquidity to withstand the risks, including the possibility of losing all or a substantial part 
of their investment. This assessment is crucial unless the Bonds are subscribed through Exchange 
Members or Distributors, who are responsible for initially evaluating the Bonds' appropriateness for the 
investor, if required by applicable laws. 
In particular, potential investors should: (i) possess sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate the 
Bonds and the associated risks; (ii) have access to and understanding of analytical tools to assess the 
investment's impact on their overall portfolio; (iii) have the financial resources to bear the risks, especially 
if the Bonds' currency differs from their own; (iv) thoroughly understand the Bonds' terms and relevant 
market behavior; and (v) be able to consider various economic and interest rate scenarios that could 
affect their investment. 
Investors should note that the Issuer will not assess whether the Bonds are appropriate financial 
instruments for them, as this responsibility lies with the Exchange Members or Distributors, if they are 
required to conduct such assessments by applicable laws. Therefore, subscribing directly through the 
Issuer without proper knowledge or assessment could result in an inappropriate investment decision.  
The Issuer evaluates this risk as low. 
Cancelation of the Offering 
This Offering is entirely at the discretion of the Issuer. The Issuer reserves the right to cancel the Offering 
of any Tranche under the relevant Final Terms at any time before the Issue Date, for any reason, and 
without the consent of investors or the Trustee. Potential investors should be aware that the decision to 
cancel a Tranche Offering may be influenced by factors such as market conditions, regulatory issues, 
or other unforeseen circumstances. If a Tranche Offering is cancelled, any Subscription Orders placed 
will be disregarded, and any payments made will be refunded without interest or compensation. 
Additionally, the Issuer will not be liable for any costs, damages, or losses incurred by prospective 
investors, including due diligence, legal, or other professional fees. 
Considering that the Issuer carefully plans the Offering and each Tranche, the Issuer considers the risk 
remote.  
Continuous Offering 
Although the Company intends to issue the entire EUR 50,000,000 under this Prospectus, it is possible 
that the full amount may not be raised as anticipated. In such a case, the Company may need to prepare 
a new base prospectus for the remaining portion of the Issue. There is a risk that the new prospectus 
may not be approved by the Bank of Lithuania, or it may be approved under different conditions, leading 
to significant changes. Even though the issuer evaluates this risk as remote, these scenarios could 
significantly impact the total proceeds from the Bonds, the continuation of the Company’s growth 
strategy and investment projects, its financial stability, and the availability of Bonds in the market.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
4. 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are provided both in 
English (translation from the original language of the documents) and Lithuanian languages (original 
language of the documents). To the extent that there are any inconsistencies between the original 
language versions and the translations, the original language versions shall prevail.  
The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Prospectus:  
• 
Company’s Articles of Association – available in English and Lithuanian at www.savarzele.lt 
under Section “Investment”; 
• 
Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 – available in English and 
Lithuanian at www.savarzele.lt under Section “Investment”;  
• 
Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 – available in English and 
Lithuanian at www.savarzele.lt under Section “Investment” ; 
• 
Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2024 – available 
in English and Lithuanian at www.savarzele.lt under Section “Investment”. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above 
which is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus and for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
5. 
FINAL TERMS 
In this Section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Bonds, the 
information which is necessary to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
rights attaching to the Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
In relation to the Bonds which may be issued under the Issue the Issuer has included in this Prospectus 
all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Bonds which is not known at the 
date of this Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche 
of Bonds.  
Any information relating to the Bonds which is not included in this Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Bonds will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
For a Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Prospectus in 
order to obtain all relevant information.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bonds which is the subject of Final 
Terms are the Terms and Conditions provided in Section 6 below as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Following the publication of this Prospectus, if required, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the Bank of Lithuania in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.  
Within the validity term of this Prospectus (18 November 2025), the Issuer will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Bonds, prepare a supplement to this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
6. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds which, as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms, will constitute terms and conditions of each Bond issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Bonds may supplement, amend, or replace any information in these Terms and Conditions. 
6.1. 
Introduction to Offering 
(a) 
Terms and Conditions: the Issuer (LEI of the Issuer – 98450090J5CC5A19F957) has 
established these terms and conditions of the Bonds (the Terms and Conditions) for the 
issuance of up to EUR 50,000,000  in aggregate principal amount of Bonds. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Bonds issued under the Terms and Conditions are issued in tranches (each a 
Tranche). Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the Final Terms) which completes these 
Terms and Conditions. The Bonds of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms as 
prescribed in these Terms and Conditions, except that the Issue Dates (as defined below) and 
the Issue Prices (as defined below), Yield (as defined below) thereof may be different in respect 
of different Tranches.  
(c) 
Bonds: all subsequent references in these Terms and Conditions to "Bonds" are to the Bonds 
with ISIN code LT0000411167, which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Bonds will be 
secured fixed-term Bonds only. The relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at Issuer’s 
website at www.savarzele.lt and paper copies may be obtained from the Issuer at Jogailos st. 4, 
Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
6.2. 
Definitions  
Definitions: in these Terms and Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings 
(other capitalized terms shall have meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus): 
“Arranger” or “Dealer” shall mean ”Swedbank”, AB, legal entity code 112029651, registered address 
at Konstitucijos ave. 20A, Vilnius, 03502, the Republic of Lithuania. 
“Auction” shall mean each public auction (primary distribution) of the Bonds of the relevant Tranche 
organized by the Arranger (i.e. organizer of the Auction) through Nasdaq trading system pursuant to 
these Terms and Conditions, Auction Rules, Auction Agreement, Special Rules of Nasdaq and during 
which the Arranger, Nasdaq and Exchange Members have predetermined rights and obligations in 
connection with the primary distribution of the Bonds of the relevant Tranche. If an Auction of the Bonds 
is organized through Nasdaq, the respective announcement will be made on the Issuer’s and Nasdaq 
websites before opening of the Auction (Subscription Period) of the respective Tranche and indicated in 
the Final Terms of each Tranche. The Auction can be chosen by the Issuer as a sole or an additional 
subscription channel up to the allocated amount for such a channel indicated in the Final Terms of the 
respective Tranche. 
“Auction Rules” shall mean each Rules of UAB “Kvartalas” Bonds Subscription Process (Auction) 
published on the website of Nasdaq at www.nasdaqbaltic.com before opening of the Auction 
(Subscription Period) of the relevant Tranche. 
“Auction Agreement” shall mean each agreement on organizing the Issuer’s Bonds Subscription 
process concluded between the Arranger as organizer of an Auction and Nasdaq under which the 
Arranger assigns Nasdaq and Nasdaq undertakes to provide technical infrastructure to carry out the 
Offering by way of an Auction through Nasdaq’s trading system in respect to the relevant Tranche. 
“Bondholder” shall mean a holder of a Bond as registered with the Register.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
“Bondholders’ Meeting” shall mean a meeting of the Bondholders of the Issuer convened following 
the requirements and procedure set forth in Law of the Republic of Lithuania on Protection of Interests 
of Bondholders of Public Limited Liability Companies and Private Limited Liability Companies (the Law 
on Protection of Interests of Bondholders) and these Terms and Conditions. 
“Building” shall mean a building under construction situated on the Land Plot, unique No. 4400-6487-
5418.  
“Business Day” shall mean any day, except Saturday, Sunday, a national or a public holiday of the 
Republic of Lithuania. 
“Collateral” shall mean the Land Plot and Building mortgaged by the Company in favour of the Trustee 
under the Collateral Agreement. 
“Collateral Agreement or Mortgage over Property” shall mean a Lithuanian law governed maximum 
mortgage agreement creating a first ranking mortgage over the Collateral between the Trustee and the 
Company. The Collateral Agreement shall be executed and register with the relevant Lithuanian register 
before or on the Issue Date of the first Tranche.  
“Decision of Sole Shareholder” shall mean the decision of the Sole Shareholder on the approval of 
the Issue dated 13 November 2024. 
“De-listing Event“ shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following the listing of the Bonds, 
trading in the Bonds on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive 
Business Days (when Nasdaq is at the same time open for trading) or the Nasdaq decision to remove 
Bonds from trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius is enforced. 
“De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date“ shall mean a date when the Bonds are to be redeemed 
in case of a De-listing Event or Listing Failure, as determined in accordance with Section 6.11(d) of 
these Terms and Conditions.   
“Delivery Versus Payment” shall mean a securities industry settlement method that guarantees the 
transfer of securities only happens simultaneously as the payment for the securities. 
“Distributor” shall mean a financial institution engaged by the Issuer from time to time for the purpose 
of Offering of the Bonds under this Prospectus, the contacts of which shall be indicated in the Final 
Terms of the respective Tranche.  
“Early Maturity Date” shall mean a Business Day before the Final Maturity Date when the Issuer must 
redeem all or part of the Bonds in case of any of the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event as it is set 
forth in Section 6.11(e) of these Terms and Conditions.  
“Early Redemption Date” shall mean date(s) on which the Issuer has the right to redeem all or part of 
the Bonds before the Final Maturity Date as it is set forth in Section 6.11(b) of these Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Exchange Member” shall mean a bank or investment firm to whom the status of Exchange Member 
has been assigned in accordance with Nasdaq Vilnius, Nasdaq Riga or Nasdaq Tallinn Member Rules 
and having access to GENIUM INET trading system are eligible to participate in the Auction (i.e. enter 
buy orders in Nasdaq trading system during the Subscription Period). The list of banks and investment 
firms 
which 
are 
Exchange 
Members 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
https://nasdaqbaltic.com/statistics/lt/members.  
“Extraordinary Early Redemption Event” shall mean any event as set forth in Section 6.12(e) of these 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
“Financial Indebtedness” shall mean any indebtedness for or in respect of (i) moneys borrowed; (ii) 
any acceptance under any acceptance credit facility (including any dematerialised equivalent); (iii) any 
note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; (iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold or discounted on 
a non-recourse basis); (v) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against 
or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price; (vi) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a 
guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a 
bank or financial institution; (vii) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of 
any person in respect of any item referred to in items (i) to (vi) above. 
 
“Final Maturity Date” shall mean a final date on which the Bonds of the Issue within all Tranches must 
be redeemed by the Issuer from the Bondholders, which shall be 2 years from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche as indicated in the respective Final Terms. The Issuer will determine the Final Maturity Date at 
its sole discretion and specify it in the Final Terms of the first Tranche. 
“Interest Payment Date” shall mean a date on which the semi-annual interest (coupon) is paid to the 
Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, or, if applicable, Early Redemption Date 
or Early Maturity Date. Each Final Terms shall specify the remaining Interest Payment Dates until the 
Final Maturity Date. 
“Issue Date” shall mean a Business Day indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which the settlement 
for the Bonds is made and the Bonds are registered with the Register.  
“Issue Price” shall mean a price of a Bond indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable by an investor 
for acquisition of the Bond(s), determined considering the Nominal Value of the Bonds, the Yield and 
the interest accrued on the Bonds from the last Interest Payment Date (in case the last Interest Payment 
Date was before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche). The Issue Price may vary from Tranche to 
Tranche.  
“Yield” shall mean a return measure for an investment over a set period of time, expressed as a 
percentage and determined taking into account the credit risk of the Issuer, interest payment and 
redemption structure of the Bonds and considering current yields of alternative debt instruments present 
in the Lithuanian capital market. The Yield may vary from Tranche to Tranche and will be indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
“Land Plot” shall mean a land plot at Konstitucijos ave. 14A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, unique 
No. 0101-0032-0250, on which the Building under construction is situated.  
“Listing Failure” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Bonds are not listed on the Bond List of 
Nasdaq Vilnius within 4 months as from placement of the Bonds of the respective Tranche to the 
Bondholders at the latest. 
 
“Management Company” shall mean UAB “Lords LB Asset Management”, legal entity code 
301849625, registered address at Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, a licensed investment 
management company supervised by the Bank of Lithuania. 
“Mandate Letter” shall mean the agreement (whether titled as a mandate letter or otherwise) for 
provision of Issue related services concluded between the Issuer and the Arranger on 17 October  2024.  
“Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Issue” shall mean the maximum aggregate Nominal 
Value of the Bonds to be issued under this Prospectus, which amounts to EUR 50,000,000. 
“Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche” shall mean the maximum aggregate Nominal 
Value of the Bonds to be issued under the respective Tranche as indicated in the respective Final Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
“Minimum Investment Amount” shall mean a minimum investment amount in Bonds of the respective 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Nasdaq” shall mean AB Nasdaq Vilnius – Vilnius Stock Exchange, a public limited liability company 
organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of Lithuania, legal entity code 110057488, with 
its registered address at Konstitucijos ave. 29, Vilnius, the Republic Lithuania. 
“Nasdaq CSD” shall mean Nasdaq CSD SE Lithuanian branch (register code 304602060). 
“Nominal Value” shall mean denomination of each Bond, EUR 1,000.  
“Payment Date” shall mean a Business Day indicated in the relevant Final Terms, latest on which the 
payment of the Issue Price must be credited to the bank account of the Issuer indicated in the 
Subscription Order, except (a) in case of the Auction, where the settlement will take place on the Issue 
Date and (b) subscription of Bonds by institutional investors, where the payment may be made on the 
Issue Date.  
“Project” shall mean a real estate development project undertaken by the Issuer with regard to the 
Building. More information about the Project is provided in Section 14 “Development of A+++ Business 
Centre “Sąvaržėlė”” of the Prospectus. 
“Record Date” shall mean the fourth Business Day before the Interest Payment Date, Final Maturity 
Date, Early Redemption Date, Early Maturity Date or De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date, 
whichever is relevant. For the avoidance of doubt, the Record Date refers to the date on which the list 
of the Bondholders who are eligible to receive interest payments or other distributions is determined. 
“Redemption Price” shall mean the amount payable by the Issuer to the investors upon the regular 
redemption (i.e. on the Final Maturity Date) or early redemption (i.e. on the Early Redemption Date or 
Early Maturity Date) of the Bonds, calculated in accordance with Section 6.11(a) of these Terms and 
Conditions, or the amount payable by the Issuer to the investors upon the De-listing Event or Listing 
Failure (i.e. on the De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date), calculated in accordance with Section 
6.11(d) of these Terms and Conditions.   
“Register” shall mean the Lithuanian central securities depository operated by Nasdaq CSD. 
“Rejection” shall mean the rejection of the occurrence of the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event by 
the Issuer pursuant to Section 6.11(d) of these Terms and Conditions. 
“Security” shall mean a mortgage, pledge, guarantee, surety or other security interest securing any 
obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Secured Obligations” shall mean any and all present and future payment obligations and liabilities 
(whether actual or contingent or whether owed jointly and severally or in any other capacity) of the Issuer 
towards the Bondholders from time to time under the Issue. 
“Securities Account” shall mean an account for dematerialized securities opened in the name of 
Bondholder or the Issuer with credit institution or investment brokerage firm which is licensed to provide 
such services within the territory of the Republic of Lithuania or Latvia, or Estonia, including without 
limitation the Dealer.  
“Special Rules of Nasdaq” shall mean Special Procedures Market Rules of Nasdaq approved by the 
decision of the Management Board of Nasdaq dated 3 December 2019 No. 19-80. 
“Subscription Order” shall mean a document provided by the Issuer or the Dealer/Distributor to the 
investor and made available on the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt, which is submitted by the 
investor to the Issuer or the Dealer/Distributor for the Subscription of the Bonds. In respect to the 
Auction, if any, the Subscription Order shall mean a document and/or instruction, which is submitted by 
the investor to the Exchange Member for the Subscription of the Bonds in the form as used and approved

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
by the Exchange Member and that contains all information required under the Auction Rules. 
“Subscription Period” shall mean a period indicated in the relevant Final Terms during which the 
Subscription Orders shall be submitted in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms. 
“Trustee” means the Bondholders’ trustee under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially 
Grant Thornton Baltic UAB, a private limited liability company, legal entity code 300056169, with its 
registered address at Upės st. 21-1, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
“Trustee Agreement” means the agreement entered into on 14 November 2024 between the Issuer 
and the Trustee, or any replacement Trustee agreement entered into during the validity term of the 
Prospectus. 
6.3. 
Principal Amount and issuance of the Bonds, Offering Jurisdictions 
(a) 
Under these Terms and Conditions the Issuer may issue Bonds: 
(i) 
to an aggregate principal amount of EUR 50,000,000; 
(ii) 
in Tranches under the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
By subscribing for the Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from 
and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms, and by acquiring the Bonds 
each subsequent Bondholder confirms these Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms; 
(c) 
In the course of the Offering, the Bonds may be publicly offered to retail and institutional investors 
in any or all of the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia and the relevant Offering jurisdictions 
for the respective Tranche will be indicated in the Final Terms. The Issuer may also choose to 
offer the Bonds to investors in any Member State of the EEA under relevant exemptions provided 
for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
6.4. 
Status of the Bonds 
The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer which 
will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Bonds together with interest thereon, in as much as such payment obligations have not been settled in 
due time and from the value of the established Collateral shall rank at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
6.5. 
Denomination, Title, Issue Price, Yield, Transfer and Underwriting 
(i) 
Denomination: denomination (Nominal Value) of each Bond is EUR 100. 
(ii) 
Title to Bonds: title to the Bonds will pass to the relevant investors when the respective entries 
regarding the ownership of the Bonds are made in their Securities Accounts on the relevant Issue 
Date. 
(iii) 
Issue Price: Bonds may be issued at any price (at a Nominal Value or at a discount or adding to 
the price the interest accrued on the Bonds from the last Interest Payment Date (in case the last 
Interest Payment Date was before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche)). The Issue Price shall 
be determined by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Yield: Yield of each Tranche set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant Issue Date on an annual basis using the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future Yield.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
(v) 
Transfer of Bonds: Bonds are freely transferrable. The Bonds subscribed and paid for shall be 
entered to the respective book-entry Securities Accounts of the investors on a date set out in the 
Final Terms in accordance with the Lithuanian legislation governing the book-entry system and 
book-entry accounts as well as the Nasdaq CSD rules.  
(vi) 
No charge: no expenses will be charged to the investors by the Issuer in respect to the Offering, 
transfer of the Bonds to the Securities Account of an investor upon Bonds’ issuance and 
admission of the Bonds to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius. However, investors may 
be responsible for covering expenses related to the opening of Securities Accounts with credit 
institutions or investment brokerage firms, as well as commissions charged by these institutions 
or firms for executing purchase or sale orders, holding the Bonds, or performing any other 
operations related to the Bonds. The Issuer will not compensate investors for any such expenses. 
(vii) 
Underwriting: no underwriting agreement has been signed with any person for the purposes of 
this Offering. 
6.6. 
Bonds in Book-Entry Form 
The Bonds shall be issued in dematerialized form and book-entered with Nasdaq CSD. According to the 
Law on Markets in Financial Instruments of the Republic of Lithuania the book-entry and accounting of 
the dematerialized securities in the Republic of Lithuania, which will be listed and admitted to trading on 
the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, shall be made by Nasdaq CSD. The Bonds shall be valid from the date 
of their registration until the date of their redemption. No physical certificates will be issued to the 
Bondholders. Principal and interest accrued will be transferred to the Bondholders through Nasdaq CSD. 
6.7. 
Payments to the Bondholders 
(a) 
Payments: payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise, including on the final 
redemption) due on the Bonds will be made to the Bondholders thereof, as appearing in Nasdaq 
CSD on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the due date for such payment (the Record 
Date). Payment of amounts due on the final or early redemption of the Bonds, including cases 
when the Bonds are redeemed due to De-listing Event of Listing Failure, will be made 
simultaneously with deletion of the Bonds. The Bondholders shall not be required to provide any 
requests to redeem the Bonds, as upon the Final Maturity Date, Early Redemption Date, Early 
Maturity Date or the De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date, payable amounts to the 
Bondholders shall be transferred to the Bondholders through Nasdaq CSD.  
(b) 
Payments on Business Days: if the due date for any payment in relation to the Bonds is not a 
Business Day, the Bondholder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next 
following Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in the 
event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
6.8. 
Taxation 
All payments to be made in connection with the Bonds shall be calculated and paid taking into account 
any taxes and other deductions mandatory under applicable laws respectively in the Republic of 
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.  
In general, Lithuanian resident Bondholders will pay the taxes from the amounts received in connection 
with the Bonds themselves. For all individual Bondholders who are not Lithuanian residents, the Issuer 
shall make payments after the withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant 
authorities in accordance with the applicable laws for the amounts so required to be withheld or 
deducted. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional compensation to the Bondholders in 
respect of such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Please see Section 15 “Taxation” of the Prospectus for more information about the applicable taxes and 
other mandatory deductions in each the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. 
6.9. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest rate: the Issuer shall pay semi-annual fixed interest on the Nominal Value of a Bond that 
shall be specified in the Final Terms. Coupon of the Bonds will be paid semi-annually on the 
Interest Payment Dates.  
(b) 
Interest periods: interest shall accrue for each interest period from and including the first day of 
the interest period to (but excluding) the last day of the interest period. The first interest period 
commences on the Issue Date of the first Tranche determined in the respective Final Terms and 
ends on the first Interest Payment Date (excluding) indicated in the Final Terms. The consecutive 
interest period begins on the previous Interest Payment Date (inclusive) and ends on the following 
Interest Payment Date (excluding), or, if applicable, on the Final Maturity Date (excluding) or the 
Early Maturity Date (excluding). For avoidance of doubts, the Bondholders are entitled to interest 
accrued during the whole interest period, irrespectively of when the Bonds were acquired by the 
Bondholder (on the day of start of the interest period or after). 
(c) 
Interest calculation formula: accrued interest in respect of the Bonds will be calculated using 
Act/Act (ICMA) day count convention, calculated according to the formula below: 
CPN = F × C × D / A, where: 
 
CPN – value of interest in EUR; 
F – Nominal Value on the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
C – interest rate (%) payable on the Bonds under these Terms and Conditions and the respective 
Final Terms; 
D – number of days in the interest period; 
A – actual number of days in the year. 
Calculation agent: the Issuer shall calculate the interest payments and any other payable 
amounts to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer is responsible for 
transferring all amounts payable to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions to Nasdaq 
CSD, which will then distribute the payments to the Bondholders.  
6.10. Offering and Admission of Bonds 
(a) 
General structure of the Offering: the Offering consists of public Offering of Bonds to retail 
investors and institutional investors in the Republic of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia under the 
Prospectus Regulation and the Law on Securities. The Issuer may also choose to offer the Bonds 
to investors in any Member State of the EEA under relevant exemptions provided for in Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Only such prospective investors will be eligible to participate in the Offering who at or by the time 
of placing their Subscription Orders (before the end of the Subscription Period) have opened 
Securities Accounts (or have the Securities Accounts opened by their nominee) with entities of 
their choice which are licensed to provide such services within the territory of the Republic of 
Lithuania and/or Estonia and/or Latvia. 
The Bonds shall be offered to the investors up to the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the 
Issue under the respective Final Terms and in the Maximum Amount of the respective Tranche

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
as indicated in the Final Terms. However, if the demand for the Bonds of the respective Tranche 
exceeds the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche indicated in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer may decide to increase the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the respective Tranche 
by publishing an updated Final Terms on the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt (and after the 
Bonds’ admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, on the CSF at www.crib.lt) on or 
before the relevant Issue Date (inclusive).  
Thus, according to the information provided above, the Offering shall be structured in the following 
order: 
(i) 
the Subscription Orders as to acquisition of the Bonds shall be submitted by the investors 
(considering the risks related to each of the below listed possibilities): 
a. to the Issuer directly, but the investors shall pay specific attention to the fact, that the 
Issuer will not conclude an assessment of appropriateness of the Bonds to the 
respective investor, as indicated in Section 3.2.2. Offering and admission to trading on 
the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius related risks of this Prospectus; 
b. to the Exchange Members in accordance with the Special Rules of Nasdaq in case an 
Auction of the Bonds is organized through Nasdaq (as a sole or an additional to the 
above indicated subscription channel up to the allocated amount for such a channel 
indicated in the Final Terms of the respective Tranche) as being disclosed in Final 
Terms of the respective Tranche; 
c. to the Dealer or Distributor, if any is engaged by the Issuer in connection with the 
Offering. 
(ii) 
the Issuer in consultation with the Dealer shall decide on which investors, which have 
provided their Subscription Orders, shall be allotted with the Bonds and to what amount, 
and which Investors shall not be allotted with the Bonds (i.e., allocation procedure as 
regulated under point (f) “Allotment of the Bonds to the investors”); 
(iii) 
the settlement for the Bonds shall be made and the Bonds shall be registered with Nasdaq 
CSD and distributed to the investors; 
(iv) 
the Bonds will be introduced to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius. 
Subscription Orders. Invalidity of the Subscription Orders. The Subscription Period for each 
respective Tranche (as indicated above) will be indicated in the Final Terms of each Tranche. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the procedure of accepting Subscription Orders described herein are 
applicable to all investors irrespectively of the investor’s place of residence. Also, the treatment 
of Subscription Orders in the allocation is not determined on the basis of which institution or 
person they are made through. 
The Subscription Order form relevant for the respective Tranche will be published on the website 
of the Issuer at www.savarzele.lt before opening of the respective Subscription Period, or shall 
be provided by the Issuer and/or Dealer/Distributor, if any, on request of the investor after the 
Issuer and/or Dealer/Distributor has notified the investor of the Offering of the respective Tranche 
(Subscription Orders for Estonian and Latvian investors shall be available in English whereas 
Subscription Orders for Lithuanian investors shall be available in English or Lithuanian). The 
Subscription Order shall be submitted during the indicated Subscription Period.  
In case the respective Final Terms indicates that respective Tranche’s subscription channels also 
include subscription through the Issuer and/or Dealer/Distributor, the investors shall submit their 
Subscription Orders at any time during the Subscription Period at the office of the Issuer, at the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
address Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, or at the office of the Dealer/Distributor 
as indicated in the Final Terms, or by e-mail of the Issuer info@lordslb.lt or by e-mail of the 
Dealer/Distributor indicated in the Final Terms, if signed with a qualified e-signature.  
If an Auction of the Bonds is organized through Nasdaq, the Subscription Orders shall be 
submitted to the Exchange Members to be entered in Nasdaq trading system during the 
Subscription Period of the respective Tranche as described below in the part “Additional 
provisions in respect to Subscription procedure for the Auction”. In respect to the Auction, if any, 
the Subscription Orders shall be submitted by means accepted and used by the Exchange 
Members (e.g., physically, via the internet banking system or by any other available means). 
Please note that where the Subscription Orders are submitted to the Distributor or any Exchange 
Member, if an Auction is organized, new investors will be required to complete the relevant 
procedures (e.g., suitability and/or appropriateness tests (if required by applicable laws), 
procedures related to the anti-money laundering or sanction) required and performed by the 
relevant Distributor or Exchange Member, if an Auction is organized, that the Subscription Orders 
would be accepted.  
The Subscription Order shall not be considered valid and shall not be processed in the following 
cases: 
(i) 
the purchase amount indicated in the Subscription Order is less than the Minimum 
Investment Amount; or 
(ii) 
the Subscription Order was received after the Subscription Period, unless the Issuer 
decides otherwise; or 
(iii) 
subscription for the Bonds by the investor has not been fully paid by the relevant Payment 
Date, unless the Issuer decides otherwise; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer rejects the Subscription Order due to violation of legal acts governing anti-money 
laundering prevention and/or sanctions and/or other reasons indicated in these Terms and 
Conditions.  
In case of subscription through the Dealer/Distributor, or in case of an Auction, the Dealer/ 
Distributors and/or Exchange Members acting in accordance with internal rules and applicable 
laws shall inform the investors on rejection of provided Subscription Orders.  
(b) 
General information regarding the Subscription procedure. By placing Subscription Orders 
all investors shall make irrevocable instruction for transferring the Bonds to the Securities 
Accounts, if the Subscription Order has not been withdrawn until the end of the Subscription 
Period. 
By placing a Subscription Order each investor will be deemed to have read these Terms and 
Conditions together with the Prospectus, the Issuer’s constitutional documents, also the Financial 
Statements. The investor may also familiarize with other documents of the Bonds, including the 
Decision of Sole Shareholder and Trustee Agreement  before or after placing a Subscription Order 
by requesting the Trustee via e-mail info@lt.gt.com. Each investor can review the Subscription 
Order submitted by her/him/it by requesting the Issuer via e-mail info@lordslb.lt. When the 
Subscription Order is placed through the Dealer/Distributor or in case of an Auction, through the 
Exchange Member, each respective investor can review the Subscription Order submitted by 
her/him/it by requesting the Dealer/Distributor or Exchange Member to whom the Subscription 
Order was submitted, if the Distributor or Exchange Member provides such a possibility. 
By placing a Subscription Order the investors shall be considered as have consented to being

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
allotted a lower number of Bonds than the number specified in such investor’s Subscription Order, 
or to not being allotted any Bonds at all, pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.  
An investor will be allowed to submit a Subscription Order either personally or via a representative 
whom the Investor has authorized (in the form required by law) to submit the Subscription Order. 
More detailed information concerning the identification of investors, including requirements 
concerning documents submitted and the rules for acting through authorized representatives, can 
be obtained by investors from the entities accepting the Subscription Orders. 
An investor must ensure that all information contained in the Subscription Order is correct, 
complete and legible. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any Subscription Orders that are 
incomplete, incorrect, unclear or ineligible, or that have not been completed and submitted and/or 
have not been supported by the necessary additional documents, requested by the Issuer during 
the Subscription Period and in accordance with all requirements set out in these Terms and 
Conditions.  
Any consequences of a form of Subscription Order for the Bonds being incorrectly filled out will 
be borne by the investor. 
Entities acting in accordance with applicable law by placing the Subscription Orders on behalf of 
the investors and on their account shall submit the Subscription Orders along with a list of the 
investors on whose behalf the Subscription Order is placed. The list must include details required 
to be included in the Subscription Order form with respect to each investor listed and must be 
signed by persons authorised to represent the entity. The Issuer shall not be liable for any 
consequences if requirement under this Section is not satisfied and the entity placing the 
Subscription Order will be treated as the investor placing the Subscription Order on its own 
account. 
(c) 
Additional provisions in respect to Subscription procedure for the Auction. If the Issuer 
would decide to organize an Auction for the relevant Tranche, the Issuer will indicate such 
decision in the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche and Auction Rules will be published on Nasdaq 
website at www.nasdaqbaltic.com before the start of the Auction (Subscription Period) of the 
relevant Tranche.  
In order to subscribe for the Bonds, the investor must have a Securities Account with the 
Exchange Member and fill in a Subscription Order form provided by the Exchange Member during 
the Subscription Period in order for the Exchange Member to enter a buy order in Nasdaq’s trading 
system.  
By submitting a Subscription Order to the Exchange Member, every investor (besides other 
acknowledgments and undertakings provided in these Terms and Conditions): 
(i) 
authorizes and instructs the Exchange Member through which the Subscription Order is 
submitted to arrange the settlement of the subscription on its/his/her behalf (taking such 
steps as are legally required to do so) and to forward the necessary information to the 
extent necessary for the completion of the subscription;  
(ii) 
shall ensure that when submitting a Subscription Oder there are sufficient funds on the 
cash account connected to its/his/her Securities Account to cover the amount subscribed 
(i.e. the Issue Price multiplied by the amount of the Bonds subscribed);  
(iii) 
authorizes and instructs the Exchange Member through which the Subscription Order is 
submitted to block the whole Subscription amount on the investor’s cash account 
connected to its/his/her Securities Account until the allotment of Bonds pursuant to these

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Terms and Conditions and Auction Rules, and registration with the Register is completed 
on the Issue Date; 
(iv) 
authorizes the Exchange Member, Issuer, Dealer and Nasdaq to process, forward and 
exchange its/his/her personal data and information in the Subscription Order in order to 
participate in the Offering, to accept or reject the Subscription Order and comply with these 
Terms and Conditions and fulfill the Issuer’s obligations under these Terms and Conditions; 
(v) 
acknowledges that the Offering does not constitute an offer (in Lithuanian: oferta) of the 
Bonds by the Issuer in legal terms, and that the submission of a Subscription Order does 
not constitute the acceptance of an offer, and therefore does not in itself entitle the investor 
to acquire the Bonds, nor results in a contract for the sale of the Bonds between the Issuer 
and the investor, unless the Bonds are allotted to the investor pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions and Bonds are registered with the Register on the Issue Date; 
(vi) 
confirms that it/she/he has got familiarized with the Prospectus, Final Terms of the Tranche 
and Auction Rules.  
The investors shall acknowledge that in case of an Auction, payment for the Bonds subscribed 
and distribution of the Bonds are made by Delivery Versus Payment method, meaning that the 
settlement procedure is carried out by Nasdaq CSD and Exchange Members on the Issue Date 
in accordance with the Auction Rules and title to the Bonds purchased in the subscription process 
is obtained upon Bonds transfer to respective securities account which is done simultaneously 
with making the cash payment for the purchased Bonds. 
(d) 
Withdrawal of the Subscription Orders. Subscription Orders for the Bonds of the respective 
Tranche may be withdrawn at any time until the end of the relevant Subscription Period, including 
when a supplement is made public concerning an event or circumstances occurring before the 
end of the relevant Subscription Period. The supplement to the Prospectus will be published on 
the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt (and after the Bonds’ admission to the Bond List of 
Nasdaq Vilnius, also on the CSF at www.crib.lt). The investor who has made a Subscription Order 
before the publication of the supplement may withdraw such Subscription Order by notifying (e.g., 
via the internet banking system or by any other available and acceptable means) the institution 
where the Subscription Order was made within 2 Business Days after the publication of the 
supplement.  
Where the Bonds are purchased or subscribed through a financial intermediary (e.g. Exchange 
Member, Dealer/Distributor or other firms providing investment services to the investor), that 
financial intermediary shall inform investors of (i) the possibility of a supplement being published, 
(ii) investors will be informed on the day the supplement to the Prospectus is published on the 
website of the Issuer (and after the Bonds’ admission to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, also on 
the CSF at www.crib.lt), and (iii) assure that the financial intermediary would assist them in 
exercising their right to withdraw Subscription Orders in such case.  
Where the Bonds are purchased or subscribed through the Issuer itself, the Issuer will inform 
investors of (i) the possibility of a supplement being published, (ii) investors will be informed on 
the day the supplement to the Prospectus is published on the website of the Issuer (and after the 
Bonds’ admission to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, also on the CSF at www.crib.lt), and (iii) the 
Issuer would ensure the investors can exercise their right to withdraw Subscription Orders as 
described in this Prospectus. 
The above right of investors to withdraw their Subscription Order shall only apply to the relevant 
Tranche and not to any other Tranches of Bonds under the Issue.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The repayments will be made by the Issuer in accordance with the Subscription Order within 5 
Business Days after making the statement on the subscription cancellation or the blocked funds 
will be released in accordance with the rules of the financial intermediary through which the 
Subscription Order was placed and the Issuer shall not be responsible for any relationships 
between the investor and its financial intermediary. An investor will be liable for the payment of 
all fees charged by the intermediary, used by the investor for the subscription of Bonds in 
connection with the withdrawal of the Subscription Order. 
(e) 
Procedure and dates for payment for the Bonds.  
In case of an Auction, the Issue Price payable by the investors subscribing to the Bonds through 
the Exchange Members is blocked in advance as prescribed in these Terms and Conditions and 
settled by the Exchange Members in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and Auction 
Rules (i.e. Delivery Versus Payment method).  
Where the Tranche is subject to subscription (as a sole or additional subscription channel) through 
the Issuer or Dealer/Distributor, if any, investors shall transfer the Issue Price, which is payable 
for the Bonds, to the Issuer’s bank account specified in the Subscription Order on the relevant 
Payment Date. The Issuer has the right (but not an obligation) to accept also payments made 
with delay, but not later than until the Issue Date. Please note that in case any payments were 
made by the investor, the investors who have not been allotted any Bonds or whose Subscriptions 
Orders have been reduced will receive reimbursements of the payment made upon placing the 
Subscription Order. The reimbursement will take place within 3 Business Days as from the end 
of the Issue Date. The payments shall be returned without any reimbursement for costs incurred 
by the investors in the course of subscribing for the Bonds and shall be net of all transfer expenses 
and without interest.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect to the Auction (the maximum amount of Bonds to be offered 
through the Auction will be indicated in the Final Terms of the respective Tranche), the investors 
who have not been allotted any Bonds or whose Subscription Orders have been reduced will 
receive reimbursements from the Exchange Members (i.e. block on the funds will be removed). 
The Issuer shall not be responsible for any relationships between the investor and Exchange 
Member in connection with any operations happening on the cash account connected to the 
investor’s Securities Account.  
(f) 
Allotment of the Bonds to the investors. After the end of the Subscription Period but not later 
than on the Issue Date, the Issuer in consultation with the Dealer following the allocation rules 
provided herein shall decide on which investors, which have provided their Subscription Orders, 
shall be allotted with the Bonds and to what amount, and which investors shall not be allotted with 
the Bonds. Investors waive any right to complaint on any decision of the Issuer on the Bonds’ 
allotment as disclosed under this point.  
In respect to the Auction, for the Issuer to make a decision on the Bonds allotment, after the 
Subscription Period but not later than until the Issue Date, the Dealer shall provide to the Issuer 
all gathered data on received Subscription Orders (i.e., by Nasdaq) and in case of 
oversubscription, in accordance with its allocation policy recommend to the Issuer to allocate the 
Bonds to the investors that provided the Subscription Orders during the Auction (the applicable 
allocation rule for a Tranche shall be specified in the respective Final Terms and in the Auction 
Rules). For the avoidance of doubt, when an Auction is organized, Nasdaq will record buying 
orders entered in Nasdaq trading system by the Exchange Members during the Subscription 
Period and will provide the records journal to the Dealer in accordance with the Auction 
Agreement.  
In other case than above, the Issuer shall allot the Bonds to the investors based on the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Subscription Orders received by itself and/or data received from the Dealer/Distributors, if any, 
but only if the Subscription Orders are recognized as valid pursuant to point (b) “Subscription 
Orders. Invalidity of the Subscription Orders” above, and in case of oversubscription, upon 
receiving request of the Issuer, the Dealer in accordance with its allocation policy shall 
recommend to the Issuer to allocate the Bonds to the investors that provided the Subscription 
Orders during the Subscription Period (the applicable allocation rule for a Tranche shall be 
specified in the respective Final Terms). 
The Issuer shall accept all Subscription Orders of the investors that are considered valid pursuant 
to point (b) “Subscription Orders. Invalidity of the Subscription Orders” above and each investor 
shall be allocated with the amount of Bonds requested in the respective Subscription Order. In 
case the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche is exceeded (including where (i) the 
Issuer exercised its right under the respective Final Terms to increase the Maximum Aggregate 
Nominal Value of the respective Tranche and published an updated Final Terms on the Issuer’s 
website at www.savarzele.lt (and after the Bonds’ admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius, on the CSF at www.crib.lt) and/or (ii) the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Issue 
is reached) (i.e., oversubscription)), the Issuer following the recommendation of the Dealer shall 
allocate the Bonds the investors that provided valid Subscription Orders and paid the Issue Price.  
When the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche is reached (including where (i) the 
Issuer exercised its right under the respective Final Terms to increase the Maximum Aggregate 
Nominal Value of the respective Tranche and published an updated Final Terms on the Issuer’s 
website at www.savarzele.lt (and after the Bonds’ admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius, on the CSF at www.crib.lt) and/or (ii) the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Issue 
is reached), no more Bonds shall be allotted to the investors.  
If an investor decides to decrease or increase number of Bonds being subscribed, such investor 
shall provide a new Subscription Order to the entity that accepted the first Subscription Order and 
previously submitted Subscription Order shall be considered as terminated, or if the entity 
accepting Subscription Orders makes it possible to modify previously submitted Subscription 
Orders (e.g., via the internet banking system or by any other available means) without terminating 
it, an investor shall follow the rules of such entity and modify the Subscription Order until the end 
of the Subscription Period. In case of an Auction, the block on the investor’s funds will be removed 
by the Exchange Member if the investor decreases the number of Bonds subscribed. Conversely, 
if the investor increases the number of the Bonds subscribed, the Exchange Member will block 
the respective amount of funds equal to the payable Issue Price for the Bonds.  
If an investor makes a Subscription Order after the expiry of the relevant Subscription Period (but 
prior to the Issue Date), the Issuer may decide on additional allotment of Bonds to such investor 
if the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche is not yet exceeded (as may be 
increased as described above) and the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Issue is not 
yet exceeded and the investor pays the Issue Price prior to the Issue Date (or in case of an 
Auction, the funds are blocked in advance by the Exchange Members to be settled by way of 
Delivery Versus Payment on the Issue Date as described in these Terms and Conditions). 
(g) 
Cancellation or suspension of the Offering. The Issuer, at its own discretion, may cancel the 
primary distribution of the respective Tranche at any time prior to the relevant Issue Date without 
disclosing any reason for doing so. Any updates to the dates of opening and closing of the primary 
distribution of the respective Tranche or decision that the primary distribution of the respective 
Tranche will be suspended (postponed) and that new dates of the primary distribution of the 
respective Tranche will be provided by the Issuer later are subject to updating the Final Terms. In 
such events, Subscription Orders for the Bonds that have been made will be disregarded, and 
any payments made in respect of the submitted Subscription Orders will be returned without 
interest or any other compensation to the investors.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
If the primary distribution of the respective Tranche is suspended (postponed), the Issuer shall 
notify the investors on suspension (postponement) of the primary distribution indicating whether 
the Subscription Orders made, and payments made will be deemed to remain valid after 
publishment of updated Final Terms on the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt (after the Bonds’ 
admission to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, also on the CSF at www.crib.lt). In such case, the 
investors will be allowed to withdraw the Subscription Orders made by submitting a relevant 
statement to that effect within 3 Business Days after the updated Final Terms of the Tranche have 
been published. For the avoidance of doubt, if the investor does not provide a withdrawal 
statement, the Issuer will continue primary distribution of the respective Tranche on changed 
terms in accordance with published updated Final Terms of the respective Tranche and relying 
on previously submitted Subscription Order.  
Any decision on cancellation, suspension and changes of dates of the primary distribution or other 
information will be published on the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt. After the Bonds are 
admitted to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, all material information will also be published on the 
CSF at www.crib.lt. Investors may also be notified by the Issuer or the entity that accepted the 
Subscription Order (if applicable according to its internal procedures) about cancellations, 
suspensions, changes in primary distribution dates, or other information via e-mail. 
Except in case of an Auction, where the Exchange Members are responsible for lifting the block 
on the funds, if the primary distribution of the respective Tranche is cancelled, suspended, or 
postponed, investors that placed Subscription Orders and paid for the Bonds will get their 
payments back without any interest or compensation:  
(i) 
if the primary distribution is cancelled – within 3 Business Days after the Issuer announces 
to the investors about the Primary Distribution’s cancellation; 
(ii) 
if the primary distribution is suspended (postponed) – within 3 Business Days after the date 
on which the investor has made a statement cancelling placed Subscription Order or 3 
Business Days after the date that the Issuer announces that the placed Subscription Orders 
are not valid.  
(h) 
Admission to trading. The Issuer shall submit an application regarding admission of each 
Tranche of the Bonds to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius. 
The decision as to admission of Bonds to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius shall be 
adopted by the Board of Nasdaq Vilnius. The Issuer shall take all the measures, established in 
Nasdaq rules, needed that the Bonds would be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Vilnius as soon as 
practicably possible. 
The Issuer expects that the Bonds of the respective Tranche shall be admitted to trading on the 
Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius within 4 months as from placement thereof to the investors the latest. 
Disregarding this, the Issuer will put its best endeavors so that these terms would be as short as 
practicable possible.   
The Issuer shall also put its best efforts to ensure that the Bonds remain listed on the Bond List 
of Nasdaq Vilnius. The Issuer shall, following a listing or admission to trading, take all reasonable 
actions on its part required as a result of such listing or trading of the Bonds. 
The costs which are related to the admission of the Bonds to the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius will 
be covered by the Issuer.  
The Issuer does not intend to apply for admission of the Bonds (or part thereof) to trading on other 
regulated markets or equivalent or alternative markets.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The Issuer does not intend to appoint any firm to act as intermediary in secondary trading on the 
Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates. 
6.11. Redemption  
Bonds shall be redeemed, i.e. the Redemption Price shall be paid to the investors on the Final Maturity 
Date or, if applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Early Maturity Date or De-listing Event or Listing 
Failure Put Date. 
(a) 
Redemption Price: The Redemption Price paid to the investor on the Final Maturity Date or, if 
applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Early Maturity Date or De-listing Event or Listing 
Failure Put Date, equals the full outstanding principal (i.e. Nominal Value) together with the unpaid 
interest accrued up to the Final Maturity Date or the Early Maturity Date, Early Redemption Date 
or De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date, and early redemption premium, if applicable 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.  
(b) 
Early optional redemption of Bonds by the Issuer: The Bonds shall be redeemable wholly or 
partially at the option of the Issuer prior to their maturity on the following conditions: 
(i) 
early redemption may occur at the sole discretion of the Issuer on the Early Redemption 
Date, which will be designated in a written notice sent to the Bondholders and the Trustee 
at least 30 calendar days in advance. 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s written notice on early redemption (i) will be published on the Issuer’s website 
at www.savarzele.lt. After the Bonds’ admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius, the Issuer’s obligation to notify the Bondholders and Trustee shall be fulfilled 
when the Issuer at least 30 calendar days before the Early Redemption Date announces 
its decision on early redemption of the Bonds on the CSF at www.crib.lt and (ii) may be 
sent to investors via email, but only to those Bondholders whose email addresses are 
known to the Issuer and/or Distributor (if applicable according to the Distributor’s internal 
procedures); 
(iii) 
the Issuer reserves the right to cancel the early redemption of the Bonds or increase the 
redeemable amount at any time prior to the anticipated Early Redemption Date (including) 
by notifying the Trustee and Bondholders until the Early Redemption Date (including) in 
a manner prescribed in point above;  
(iv) 
in case of a partial redemption of the Bonds, the Bonds shall be redeemed from the 
Bondholders proportionally, if necessary, by rounding up the redeemable number of 
Bonds from an individual Bondholder to the nearest whole number. In the respective case, 
the Redemption Price shall be equal to the Nominal Value of the redeemable Bonds and 
interest accrued on the redeemable Bonds; 
(v) 
on the Early Redemption Date, the Issuer shall pay to the Bondholders full Nominal Value 
of the redeemable Bonds together with the unpaid interest accrued up to the relevant 
Early Redemption Date (excluding) and a premium of 1 % (to be calculated from the 
Nominal Value of the Bonds) if the Early Redemption Date occurs between the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche and 1.5 years thereafter (inclusive); 
(vi) 
no premium shall be paid if the Early Redemption Date is after 1.5 years following the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche, and on the Early Redemption Date the Issuer shall pay to 
the Bondholders full Nominal Value of the redeemable Bonds together with the unpaid 
interest accrued up to the relevant Early Redemption Date (excluding). 
Interest shall be calculated from the amount of the Nominal Value of the Bonds early redeemable

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
from the respective Bondholder. 
The Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Bonds before the Final Maturity Date in case the 
Bondholder breaches or there is a reasonable concern that the Bondholder might breach anti-
money laundering or sanction regulations. The Issuer or the Dealer, or the relevant Exchange 
Member at any time is entitled to request any of the Bondholders directly or through the Trustee 
to provide necessary documents to perform sanction screening or other verification checks so as 
to implement sanction and/or anti-money laundering requirements. The Bondholders undertake 
to submit the requested documents or information within the time period set by the requesting 
party. 
(c) 
No early redemption of Bonds under the request of the Bondholders: Except for cases 
specified in points (d) “De-listing Event of Listing Failure (put option)” and (e) “Extraordinary Early 
Redemption” below, there are no other cases where the Bondholders have a right to demand 
redemption of the Bonds prior the Final Maturity Date. 
(d) 
De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option): If at any time while any Bond remains 
outstanding, there occurs (i) a De-listing Event or (ii) a Listing Failure, each Bondholder will have 
the option (unless, prior to the giving of the De-listing Event or Listing Failure event notice, the 
Issuer makes use of its right to optional early redemption of the Bonds under Section 6.12(b) 
“Early optional redemption of Bonds by the Issuer”) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Bonds, on the De-listing Event or 
Listing Failure Put Date paying to the Bondholder full Nominal Value of the redeemable Bonds 
together with the unpaid interest accrued up to the relevant De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put 
Date (exclusive). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a De-listing Event or Listing Failure has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Bondholders specifying the nature of the Delisting Event or 
Listing Failure and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the De-
listing Event or Listing Failure put option, indicating as well the De-listing Event or Listing Failure 
Put Date, which cannot occur earlier than 30 calendar days starting from the date of the Issuer’s 
notice and no later than the 5th Business Day following the expiration of 30 calendar days after 
the De-listing or Failure Notice is given. The Issuer’s notice on the De-listing Event or Listing 
Failure (i) will be published on the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt. After the Bonds’ 
admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, the Issuer’s obligation to notify the 
Bondholders shall be fulfilled when the Issuer announces on the occurred De-listing Event or 
Listing Failure on the CSF at www.crib.lt and (ii) may be sent to investors via email, but only to 
those Bondholders whose email addresses are known to the Issuer and/or Distributor (if 
applicable according to the Distributor’s internal procedures). 
To exercise the De-listing Event or Listing Failure put option, the Bondholder must notify the 
Issuer by e-mail info@lordslb.lt not later than 4 Business Days (i.e., Record Date) before the De-
listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date. Payment in respect of any Bonds subject to the put option 
shall be carried out on the designated De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put Date through the 
Register by Nasdaq CSD. The notice by a Bondholder to exercise the put option, once given, 
shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Extraordinary Early Redemption: The Bondholders’ Meeting shall have the right but not the 
obligation to demand immediate redemption of the Bonds held by the investors upon occurrence 
of any of the following events (the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event): 
(i) 
Non-Payment. The Issuer fails to make any payments under these Terms and Conditions 
and the Issue within 10 Business Days from the relevant due payment date, except for 
cases when the failure to pay is caused by a reason of Force Majeure.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
(ii) 
Breach of covenants. The Issuer breaches any of the covenants set forth in Section 6.12 
“Covenants of the Issuer” of these Terms and Conditions and the Issuer has not remedied 
the breach in 20 Business Days as of receipt of the breach notice or has not remedied the 
breach within other term approved by a decision of the Bondholders’ Meeting adopted by 
majority of Bondholders participating in the Bondholders’ Meeting and having voting rights 
(other than the Related Parties).  
(iii) 
Liquidation. An effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Insolvency. (i) The Issuer is declared bankrupt by a final decision of a court; (ii) the Issuer 
enters into an arrangement with majority of its creditors by value in relation to restructuring 
of its debts (counting jointly); or (iii) an application to initiate insolvency, restructuring or 
administration of the Issuer, or any other proceedings for the settlement of the debt of the 
Issuer is submitted to the court by the Issuer. 
In case of the Issuer’s liquidation or insolvency, the investors shall have a right to receive payment 
of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds and the interest accrued on the Bonds according 
to the relevant laws governing liquidation or insolvency of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall immediately but not later than within 3 Business Days notify the Trustee of the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Early Redemption Event. In the absence of such notice, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to proceed on the basis that no such Extraordinary Early Redemption 
Event has occurred or is expected to occur.  
If the Trustee receives information about occurrence of a possible Extraordinary Early 
Redemption Event from other sources than the Issuer, then the Trustee is entitled to ask the 
Issuer by submitting a letter to the Issuer to confirm or reject this information. The Issuer shall 
reply to the Trustee in writing (i.e. Rejection). If the Issuer does not send the Rejection to the 
Trustee within 5 Business Days from the receipt of the Trustee’s inquiry, then the Extraordinary 
Early Redemption Event based on the Trustee’s inquiry is deemed to have occurred on the day 
the period of 5 Business Days referred above expires. 
In case the Issuer in a reasoned manner (i.e. providing for the reasons why the Extraordinary 
Early Redemption Event has not occurred supported with documentary evidence) and acting in 
good faith within 5 Business Days from the date of the inquiry sent by the Trustee to the Issuer 
submits a Rejection to the Trustee, the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event is considered not 
to have occurred until relevant decision of the Bondholders’ Meeting stating otherwise is adopted 
as specified below. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances specified above and if the Issuer has not sent 
the Rejection to the Trustee or the Bondholders’ Meeting does not approve the Rejection and due 
to this the Bondholders’ Meeting, in accordance with the procedure established by the law, adopts 
a decision (which shall be adopted by a qualified majority of no less than ¾ of Bondholders, 
participating in the Bondholders’ Meeting and having a voting right) to demand extraordinary early 
redemption of the Bonds, the Issuer within 10 Business Days upon receiving the respective 
Bondholders’ Meeting decision from the Trustee shall redeem all outstanding Bonds from all 
Bondholders holding Bonds on the Record Date by paying the Redemption Price. The 
Redemption Price payable to the Bondholders on the relevant Early Maturity Date shall be 
determined by the Issuer following the rules set forth in Section 6.11(a) of these Terms and 
Conditions. The 10th Business Day calculated from the day following the day of submission of the 
Trustee’s inquiry to the Issuer or the day the Issuer received the abovementioned Bondholders’ 
Meeting decision to demand extraordinary early redemption of the Bonds from the Trustee, 
whichever is relevant, shall be the Early Maturity Date. 
If the Bondholders’ Meeting has not passed a decision as prescribed above within 3 months after

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
the occurrence of any of the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event, the Bondholders shall lose 
the right to demand early redemption of the Bonds under this Section. 
6.12. Covenants of the Issuer 
The Issuer shall be obliged to comply with the following covenants until the Bonds are fully redeemed: 
(iv) 
LTC ratio. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that until full redemption of the Bonds the Issuer’s 
LTC ratio does not exceed 70 % (at the date of the Prospectus the LTC ratio is 0%). The LTC 
shall be calculated based on the following formula: 
LTC =
 𝑁𝑒𝑡 𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑆𝑖𝑧𝑒
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡𝑠 𝑜𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑗𝑒𝑐𝑡× 100% 
LTC shall mean loan (debt) to cost ratio. A lower LTC ratio indicates less risk for the 
Bondholders, as the Issuer has a larger equity stake in the Project. The higher LTC ratio 
implies a greater Issuer’s reliance on borrowed funds. 
 
Net Issue Size shall mean a total amount of outstanding Bonds (Nominal Value of Bonds) and 
other external loans for the development of the Project on the day when the LTC ratio is being 
calculated, less the amounts in the bank accounts of the Issuer (if any) and excluding all 
Related Parties’ loans and any other subordinated debt instruments permitted under point (b) 
below.  
 
Costs of the Project shall mean (without double-counting) expenditure by the Issuer in 
carrying out the Project, including each of the following: 
 
(i) 
costs incurred by the Issuer with respect to the Project by 30 June 2024 (inclusive) in 
the amount of EUR 20,779,109.82; 
 
(ii) 
all sums paid from 1 July 2024 (inclusively) under the design, construction and other 
contracts with respect to the development of the Project; 
 
(iii) 
the aggregate of the invoices issued to the Issuer from 1 July 2024 (inclusively) for 
other costs such as legal, accounting, notarial, project management, and other 
professional fees, costs and expenses (including the costs of registries and any 
related taxes) incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Project; operating costs, 
including but not limited to administrative, management and employee costs and 
similar book-keeping entries and other costs with respect to the Project starting from 
1 July 2024 (inclusively); 
 
(iv) 
the premium paid in respect of the insurances (other than insurances to be effected 
and paid for by any construction contractor) starting from 1 July 2024 (inclusively); 
 
(v) 
debt financing costs which become due and payable with respect to the Project. 
 
Costs of the Project shall not include VAT. 
(a) 
Negative borrowing. The Issuer shall not assume any Financial Indebtedness. The 
respective restriction does not apply to the Issuer in the following cases: 
(i) 
issue of the Bonds in the Maximum Aggregate Nominal Value of the Issue; 
 
(ii) 
Financial Indebtedness not exceeding EUR 50,000 in aggregate during the year;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
(iii) 
non-interest bearing Financial Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer; or 
 
(iv) 
fully subordinated debt from the direct and indirect shareholders of the Issuer and/or 
Related Parties, including Subscription of Bonds under these Terms and Conditions 
by the Related Parties. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds subscribed under 
these Terms and Conditions by the Related Parties starting from the date of their 
subscription shall be deemed as fully subordinated and ranking below other Bonds 
of the Issue (including all payments under these Terms and Conditions and Final 
Terms); or 
 
(v) 
financing provided to the Issuer by a third party/financier to fund redemption of the 
Bonds issued under these Terms and Conditions and Final Terms(i.e., refinancing 
of the Bonds). 
 
(b) 
Mortgage over Property. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Bonds the Collateral Agreement is concluded and registered with the Real Estate 
Register of the Republic of Lithuania (the Real Estate Register). For the sake of clarity, the 
Bondholders give their consent to the Issuer in advance for the following actions related to the 
Property and neither Bondholders, nor the Trustee’s consent will be needed at the later stage: 
(i) 
to carry out and authorize third parties to carry out land and/or construction work on the 
Land Plot, to construct new buildings and to register them/the changes in the level of 
completion in the name of the Issuer; 
 
(ii) 
to carry out and authorize third parties to carry out construction works on the mortgaged 
Building; 
 
(iii) 
to register with state authorities and/or public registers any applications/requests to 
complete the Project and Issuer’s ownership to the Property; 
 
(iv) 
if it is necessary for the completion and development of the real estate, to change the 
purpose of the real estate mortgaged (or a part of it), to adjust the technical design or 
technical detail design, to implement the new procedure for design proposals, to apply for 
a new or update the current construction permit, to make cadastral measurements and to 
implement the procedure of the division of the mortgaged real estate (or part of it) in parts 
and/or separate premises, including but not limited to the submission of the 
applications/requests to any state or private entity. 
 
(c) 
Disposal of Property. Until full redemption of the Bonds the Issuer shall not, either in a single 
transaction or in a series of transactions whether related or not and whether voluntarily or 
involuntarily dispose and or/transfer the ownership of the Property to any third person nor 
conclude any agreements for such transfer of ownership, except that: 
(i) 
the Issuer has the right to conclude constructions’ or other relevant services’ agreements 
under the applicable laws with third persons, provided that such agreements are concluded 
on terms and conditions that enable the Issuer to complete the Project and fulfil its 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions and Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
upon completion of the Project, the Issuer shall have a right to sell the Property to a third 
party and sale proceeds shall be used to finance the redemption of the Bonds issued under 
these Terms and Conditions and Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(iii) 
before or upon completion of the Project, the Issuer has a right to lease all or any part of 
the Building to third parties under the conditions corresponding to the market standard. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, this clause does not restrict the Issuer from starting or participating 
in negotiations on the transfer of ownership of the Property (or part of it) before the Final Maturity 
Date, but the transfer of ownership of the Property (or part of it) in any case shall not occur before 
the Final Maturity Date, or Early Redemption Date as regulated under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(d) 
Corporate status. Until full redemption of the Bonds the Issuer shall not change its legal form or 
jurisdiction of incorporation and will not change its business activities, with an exception to the 
legal form that may be changed from a general private limited liability company to a private limited 
liability company operating as a closed-ended investment company for informed investors in 
accordance with Lithuanian laws.  
(e) 
Decisions. To the extent it is compliant with Lithuanian laws, the Issuer undertakes to ensure 
that the Issuer will not make any decisions regarding the Issuer’s reorganization, liquidation, 
bankruptcy or restructuring procedures initiation.  
(f) 
Reporting obligations (until Bonds’ admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius).  
(i) 
Until full redemption of Bonds, the Issuer shall provide the Trustee (that shall provide to the 
Bondholders upon their request) with a copy of its: 
 
(a) 
annual audited financial statements – within 4 months after the end of the reporting 
year. If this timeline is not feasible due to legal arrangements with auditors, the Issuer 
shall provide the statements no later than 5 months after the end of the reporting 
year; 
(b) 
unaudited semi-annual interim financial statements – within 3 months after the end 
of reporting period of 6 months; 
(c) 
semi-annual report on performance of the LTC ratio together with the report on total 
amount of Costs of the Project incurred till date of the respective report, and 
reconciliation of such costs against the construction budget – alongside with the 
unaudited semi-annual interim financial statements under point (b) above.  
(ii) 
In case the investors through the Trustee request additional documents evidencing Costs 
of the Project, the Issuer within 30 calendar days as of receipt of such request of the 
Trustee, shall provide invoices received and accounted within the last reporting period. 
 
(iii) 
In case the Trustee from other reliable sources receives information that the Issuer’s 
financial situation has deteriorated materially when compared to the latest available 
financial statements of the Issuer and/or the LTC covenant may be breached, the Trustee 
by sending a grounded written request to the Issuer may request the copies of the 
documents listed in point (g)(i)(c) above before the end of the reporting period indicated 
therein and the Issuer has an obligation to provide the Trustee with written explanation of 
the situation as well as requested documents within 30 calendar days from the receipt of 
the respective Trustee’s request. 
(g) 
Reporting obligations (after the Bonds’ admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius).  
(i) 
The Issuer shall publish the following on Nasdaq operated CSF at www.crib.lt:

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(a) 
its annual audited financial statements – within 4 months after the end of the 
reporting year; 
(b) 
its unaudited semi-annual interim financial statements – within 3 months after the 
end of reporting period of 6 months; 
(c) 
semi-annual report on performance of the LTC ratio together with the report on total 
amount of Costs of the Project incurred till date of the respective report, and 
reconciliation of such costs against the construction budget – alongside with the 
unaudited semi-annual interim financial statements under point (b) above. 
(ii) 
Points (g)(ii) and (g)(iii) above shall also apply in respect to this point (h). However, the 
Issuer will not publish documents under point (g)(ii) on Nasdaq operated CSF at www.crib.lt 
and these documents shall be available only through the Trustee. 
  
The Issuer may deviate from the covenants set forth in this Section upon the consent provided in the 
decision of the Bondholders’ Meeting which shall be adopted by a qualified majority of no less than ¾ 
of Bondholders, participating in the Bondholders’ Meeting and having voting rights. Upon receiving the 
consent of the Bondholders in respect of particular covenant it shall be deemed that Bondholders waive 
their rights in respect of the Extraordinary Early Redemption Event. 
6.13. Protection of Bondholders Interest 
Bondholders shall have the rights provided in the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders of the 
Republic of Lithuania (the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders), the Civil Code of the 
Republic of Lithuania (the Civil Code), the Law on Companies of the Republic of Lithuania (the Law on 
Companies) and other laws regulating the rights of Bondholders and the Trustee Agreement. 
The Bondholders shall have the following main rights: 
(i) 
to receive the interest accrued; 
(ii) 
to receive the Nominal Value and the interest accrued on the Final Maturity Date, or if applicable, 
on the Early Redemption Date or on the Early Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
to sell or transfer otherwise all or part of the Bonds only strictly following the Terms and Conditions 
and applicable laws; 
(iv) 
to bequeath all or part of owned Bonds to the ownership of other persons (applicable only towards 
natural persons); 
(v) 
to pledge all or part of the Bonds owned; 
(vi) 
to participate in the Bondholders’ Meetings; 
(vii) 
to vote in the Bondholders’ Meetings;  
(viii) to initiate the convocation of the Bondholders’ Meetings following the procedure and in cases 
provided for in the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders;  
(ix) 
to adopt a decision to convene the Bondholders’ Meeting following the procedure and in cases 
provided for in the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders;  
(x) 
to obtain (request) the information about the Issuer, the Issue of Bonds or other information 
related to the protection of his/her/its interests from the Trustee;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(xi) 
to receive a copy of the Trustee Agreement and once concluded, a copy of the Collateral 
Agreement;  
(xii) 
other rights, established in the applicable laws, the Trustee Agreement or in the constitutional 
documents of the Issuer. 
No Bondholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Bonds. The rights of Bondholders shall be executed during the term of validity of Bonds 
as indicated in these Terms and Conditions and applicable Lithuanian laws. 
More detailed rights of the Bondholders, rights and obligations of the Trustee being a representative of 
Bondholders is provided in the Trustee’s Agreement. 
6.14. Bondholder’s Meeting 
The right to convene the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be vested in the Trustee, the Bondholders who 
hold no less than one-tenth of the Bonds of the Issue, providing voting right in the Bondholders’ Meeting 
and the Issuer. As a general rule, the Bondholders’ Meetings are convened by a decision of the Trustee. 
The Bondholders and Trustee shall have the right to attend the Bondholders’ Meetings. The Trustee 
must attend the Bondholders’ Meeting in cases when the Bondholders who hold no less than one-tenth 
of the Bonds of the Issue providing voting right in the Bondholders’ Meeting approve such a need. The 
CEO as legal representative of the Issuer or other authorised person may also attend the Bondholders’ 
Meeting, unless the Bondholders who hold no less than one-tenth of the Bonds of the Issue providing 
voting right in the Bondholders’ Meeting contradict thereto. 
All expenses in relation to the convening and holding the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be covered by the 
Issuer. 
A notice of convocation of the Bondholders’ Meeting no later than 15 Business Days before the date of 
the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each Bondholder via parties’ e-mails, if indicated in the 
Subscription Order, and shall be published on the website of the Trustee, and if specifically required by 
the Trustee – on the website of the Issuer. If any of the Bondholders expressed his/hers/its request to 
get notifications on the convocation of the Bondholders’ Meetings via e-mail and provided the e-mail 
address, the notice of convocation of the Bondholders’ Meeting no later than 15 Business Days before 
the date of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall also be send via the indicated e-mail through Trustee. The 
notice of convocation of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall specify the details of the Issuer, the ISIN of the 
Bonds, time, place and agenda of the meeting. 
The Trustee is obliged to ensure proper announcement on the convocation of the Bondholders’ 
Meetings.  
The Bondholders’ Meeting may be convened without observing the above terms, if all the Bondholders 
of the Issue, the Bonds held by which carry voting right in the Bondholders’ Meeting, consent thereto in 
writing. 
A Bondholders’ Meeting may take decisions and shall be held valid if attended by the Bondholders who 
hold more than ½ of Bonds of the Issue (excluding the Bonds held by or for the account of the Fund or 
any legal entity controlled by the Fund), providing voting right in the Bondholders’ Meeting. After the 
presence of a quorum has been established, the quorum shall be deemed to be present throughout the 
Bondholders’ Meeting. If the quorum is not present, the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be considered invalid 
and a repeated Bondholders’ Meeting shall be convened. 
A repeated Bondholders’ Meeting shall be convened after the lapse of at least 5 Business Days and not 
later than after the lapse of 10 Business Days following the day of the Bondholders’ Meeting which was

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
not held. The Bondholders must be notified of the repeated Bondholders’ Meeting not later than 5 
Business Days before the repeated Bondholders’ Meeting following the order, indicated above. 
One Bond carries one vote. A decision of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be considered taken if more 
votes of the Bondholders, participating in the Bondholders’ Meeting and having a voting right have been 
cast for it than against it, unless the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders requires a larger 
majority. 
The Trustee shall chair the Bondholders’ Meetings, unless that meeting decides otherwise. The meeting 
must also elect the secretary thereof. Minutes of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be taken. The minutes 
shall be signed in 2 copies (to the Issuer and to the Trustee) by the chairman and the secretary of the 
Bondholders’ Meeting. 
The decisions of the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be published on the website of the Trustee after the 
Bondholders’ Meeting as soon as possible and without any delay, except parts of the decisions, which 
include confidential information. 
The Bondholders’ Meeting shall take the following decisions, which bind all the Bondholders: 
- 
to remove the Trustee from its position and appoint a new trustee, which meets the requirements 
of the applicable laws and to also oblige the Issuer to terminate the contract with the existing 
Trustee and to conclude the contract with the new appointed trustee; 
- 
to indicate to the Trustee that the violation committed by the Issuer is minor, thus, there is no 
necessity to take action regarding protection of rights of Bondholders; 
- 
to approve the enforcement measures in respect of the Issuer’s failed commitments to 
Bondholders, suggested by the Issuer. This decision shall be adopted by a qualified majority of 
no less than ¾ of Bondholders, participating in the Bondholders’ Meeting and having a voting 
right; 
- 
to determine, which information the Trustee will have to provide to the Bondholders’ Meetings 
periodically or at the request of the Bondholders and to establish the procedure of provision such 
information; 
- 
to adopt other decisions which according to the provisions of Law on Protection of Interests of 
Bondholders are assigned to the competence of the Bondholders’ Meeting. 
Resolutions passed at the Bondholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Bondholders of the Issue, except 
for the cases, when in the decision of the Bondholders‘ Meeting the instructions to the Trustee are 
provided to execute certain actions. 
Disputes regarding the decisions, adopted in the Bondholders‘ Meetings shall be settled in the Vilnius 
Court of Commercial Arbitration in accordance with its Rules of Arbitration. The number of arbitrators 
shall be three. The place of arbitration shall be Vilnius. The language of arbitration shall be English. The 
claim may be brought to the Vilnius Court of Commercial Arbitration by the Trustee, the Issuer or any 
Bondholder, if there are suspicions, that the content of the decision and/or its form, and/or its adoption 
procedure contradict to the laws regulating these issues or infringes the legitimate interests of the 
Bondholders. The term of 20 Business Days is established for provision of such claims as from the date 
on which the claimant found out or had to find out the respective decision. 
6.15. Notices 
Bondholders shall be advised on matters relating to the Bonds by a notice published in English and 
Lithuanian on the Issuer’s website at www.savarzele.lt and, after the Bonds are admitted to the Bond 
List of Nasdaq Vilnius, also on the CSF at www.crib.lt. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
received by the Bondholders when published in the manner specified in this Section. 
6.16. Trustee

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(a) 
Representation of Bondholders. On 14 November 2024 the Issuer has concluded the Trustee 
Agreement with Grant Thornton Baltic UAB, a private limited liability company, legal entity code 
300056169, with its registered address at Upės st. 21-1, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
Under the Trustee Agreement the Trustee has undertaken to safeguard the interests of all 
Bondholders under the Issue and the Issuer has undertaken to pay renumeration to the Trustee 
indicated therein and the fee shall be paid until full execution of the obligations, indicated in the 
respective decision to issue the Bonds, except for the cases when the Trustee Agreement ceases 
earlier.  
The Trustee, acting on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders shall also act as Collateral 
agent (mortgagee) under the Collateral Agreement.  
The CEO of the Issuer has the right to terminate the Trustee Agreement pursuant to its provisions.  
(b) 
Contact data of the Trustee.  
E-mail: info@lt.gt.com 
Representative: Genadij Makušev 
Website: https://www.grantthornton.lt/en/.  
Each Bondholder is entitled to receive a copy of the Trustee Agreement concluded between the 
Issuer and the Trustee, applying via an e-mail of the Trustee indicated above. 
(c) 
Trustee Agreement expires: 
(i) 
once the Issuer fulfils all its obligations to the Bondholders; 
(ii) 
upon redemption of the Bonds by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date or earlier, as 
provided and to the extent permitted by these Terms and Conditions; 
(iii) 
if the Trustee ceases to meet the requirements established for a Trustee in the Law on 
Protection of Interests of Bondholders, including but not limited to when the Trustee 
acquires a status of "bankrupt" or "in liquidation"; 
(iv) 
if other conditions established in the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders, the 
Civil Code, the Law on Insolvency of Legal Entities of the Republic of Lithuania and the 
Trustee Agreement exist. 
(d) 
Main rights of the Trustee:  
(i) 
to receive a list of Bondholders from the Issuer; 
(ii) 
to receive a copy of the Decision of Sole Shareholder; 
(iii) 
to get acquainted with the documents and information which are necessary to fulfil its 
functions and to receive the copies of such documents; 
(iv) 
after having obtained the consent of the Bondholders’ Meeting, to conclude contracts with 
third parties when it is necessary to ensure the protection of the interests of the 
Bondholders; 
(v) 
to bring an action to the Vilnius Court of Arbitration for the purpose of safeguarding the 
rights of the Bondholders.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(e) 
Main obligations of the Trustee:  
(i) 
to take actions in order that the Issuer fulfilled its obligations towards the Bondholders; 
(ii) 
to convene the Bondholders’ Meetings; 
(iii) 
to publish information regarding the Bondholders’ Meetings being convened under 
procedure of the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders; 
(iv) 
to provide the Bondholders’ Meetings with all relevant documents and information; 
(v) 
to provide the Bondholders’ Meeting, in which the question is being addressed regarding 
approval of the enforcement measures in respect of Issuer’s outstanding commitments to 
Bondholders, the recommendatory opinion, whereby the reasoned opinion to approve or 
reject the enforcement measures suggested by the Issuer is provided; 
(vi) 
to execute the decisions of the Bondholders’ Meetings; 
(vii) 
no later than within 5 Business Days as from the day of receipt of a request of the 
Bondholder to provide information, to gratuitously present all the information about the 
Issuer, the Issue or other information related to the protection of his/her/its/their interests;  
(viii) no later than within 3 Business Days from the receipt date of the Bondholder’s request to 
provide a copy of the Trustee Agreement and Collateral Agreement free of charge; 
(ix) 
to provide the Bondholders with all other information related to the protection of their 
interests; 
(x) 
no later than on the next Business Day to inform the Issuer that the Trustee has lost the 
right to provide audit services (in this particular case) or acquired legal status “in 
bankruptcy” or “in liquidation”. 
6.17. Collateral 
(a) 
Establishment, valuation, release and enforcement of the Collateral: 
(i) 
The Issue shall be secured by the first ranking Mortgage over Property (Land Plot and 
Building).  
(ii) 
The Collateral Agreement shall be created and registered with the Real Estate Register on 
or before the Issue Date of the first Tranche. 
(iii) 
Pursuant to the real estate valuation report by UAB “NEWSEC VALUATIONS” (legal entity 
code 126212869, registered address at Konstitucijos ave. 21C, Vilnius, certificate No. 
000170) dated 8 November 2024 (the Report), by 30 September 2024 the market value of 
the entire Collateral was EUR 31,520,000. The Collateral’s valuation was conducted by a 
property appraiser Linas Daukus, qualifications’ certificate No. A 000552. It shall be noted, 
that property appraiser has given its written consent to the Issuer on disclosure of 
information related to the Report in the Prospectus and neither UAB “NEWSEC 
VALUATIONS”, nor property appraiser have any material interest in the Issuer or the 
Collateral appraised. Each investor shall have the right to request the Issuer to provide the 
Report for review via e-mail info@lordslb.lt.  
(iv) 
It is anticipated that the Collateral’s valuations will be carried out at least once a year. The 
Issuer will provide each valuation report to the Trustee (that shall provide to the 
Bondholders upon their request) upon the respective report is prepared and the Issuer

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
received all necessary consents to disclose it, if any is required. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding the above, the investors shall acknowledge that the value of the Collateral 
may vary and in case of the enforcement against the Collateral, subject to the extent and 
priority noted under Section (b) below, the claims of the Trustee and Bondholders shall be 
fulfilled from all value of the Collateral existing at the moment of the Collateral realization 
that is determined and carried out in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure of the 
Republic of Lithuania.   
(vi) 
The Trustee shall take all actions that the Trustee as the holder of the Collateral may 
reasonably take with the purpose to enforce mortgage over the Collateral according to the 
procedure provided for in the Collateral Agreement and applicable laws in case: 
(a) 
the Secured Obligations are not performed in accordance with its respective terms; 
and 
 
(b) 
Bondholders’ Meeting has adopted a decision to enforce mortgage over the 
Collateral. 
 
(vii) 
The Bondholders’ Meeting has the right to instruct the Trustee to take specific actions to 
enforce mortgage over the Collateral according to the procedure provided for in the 
Collateral Agreement. The Bondholders shall not have any independent power to enforce 
the Collateral or to exercise any rights or powers arising under the Collateral Agreement. 
Investors can exercise their rights in relation to the Collateral only through the Trustee 
pursuant to the Agreement on Bondholders’ Protection.  
(viii) The Trustee shall be entitled (but is not under any circumstances obliged) to request 
instructions, or clarification of any direction, from the Bondholders as to whether, and in 
what manner, the Trustee should exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, powers and 
discretions with regard to the enforcement of the Collateral. Upon such request, the 
Bondholders shall give their instructions or clarifications to the Trustee within the time 
period specified in the Trustee’s request for instructions or clarifications. The Trustee may 
refrain from acting unless and until the Bondholders’ Meeting has provided the Trustee with 
requested instructions or clarifications.  
(ix) 
The Trustee is obligated to comply with these instructions submitted under this Section 
unless such instructions, in reasonable opinion of the Trustee, may be contrary to the 
Prospectus, Collateral Agreement, Trustee Agreement, or applicable laws. Any such 
instruction from the Bondholders’ Meeting will be binding on all Bondholders. The Trustee 
shall not be liable in front of the Bondholders for acting (or refraining from acting) as 
described in this Section. 
(b) 
Application of the proceeds from enforcement of the Collateral 
(i) 
The proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral shall be applied in the following order 
of priority: 
(a) 
as a first priority – to the satisfaction and payment of all costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, state duties, notary fees and valuation costs and fees) 
related to or arising from enforcement of the Collateral by the Trustee within the limits 
set forth in the Agreement on Bondholders’ Protection; 
 
(b) 
as a second priority (after the full satisfaction, payment and deduction of all claims 
and amounts set forth in point (a) above) – payment of the claims of the Bondholders 
(other than the Related Parties) arising from the Bonds;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(c) 
as a third priority (after the full satisfaction, payment and deduction of all claims and 
amounts set forth in point (b) above) – payment of the claims of the Bondholders 
which are the Related Parties. 
 
(ii) 
The Trustee shall withhold the proceeds necessary for satisfying the costs, expenses 
specified in point (i)(a) above and transfer the remaining proceeds to the Bondholders for 
satisfying their claims under points (i)(b) and (i)(c) above as further specified respectively 
below. The Trustee shall return the proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral 
remaining after satisfying all claims under the order of priority established above to the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
In case the proceeds remaining after satisfying the fees, costs, expenses, damages and 
claims under point (i)(a) above do not cover the claims under point (i)(b) above in full, the 
claims arising from the Bonds shall be satisfied pro rata. 
(iv) 
In case the proceeds remaining after satisfying the claims of the Bondholders which are 
other than the Related Parties under point (i)(b) above do not cover the claims under point 
(i)(c) above in full, the claims arising from the Bonds subscribed by the Related Parties 
shall be satisfied pro rata. 
(v) 
The Trustee is not obliged to pay to the Bondholders or any other person any interest on 
the proceeds from the enforcement of the Collateral (whether deposited or not). 
(vi) 
In case the Trustee is required, under applicable laws, to withhold or pay any taxes in 
connection with payments to be made by the Trustee hereunder, the amount to be paid by 
the Trustee shall be reduced by the amount of respective taxes and only the net amount 
shall be paid by the Trustee. 
6.18. Other matters 
(a) 
Purchases: The Issuer, any Related Party may at any time purchase the Bonds in any manner 
and at any price on the secondary market. Bonds held by or for the account of the Issuer and/or 
Related Parties will not carry the right to vote at the Bondholders’ Meetings and will not be taken 
into account in determining how many Bonds are outstanding for the purposes of the Issue.  
(b) 
Force Majeure: The Issuer, the Arranger/Dealer/ and/or Nasdaq CSD, and/or any other party 
involved in the Offering (the Affected Party) shall be entitled to postpone the fulfilment of their 
obligations hereunder, in case the performance is not possible due to continuous existence of 
any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
action of any authorities, war or threat of war, rebellion or civil unrest; 
(ii) 
disturbances in postal, telephone or electronic communications which are due to 
circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Affected Party, and that materially affect 
operations of any of the Affected Party; 
(iii) 
any interruption of or delay in any functions or measures of the Affected Party as a result 
of fire or other similar disaster; 
(iv) 
any industrial action, such as strike, lockout, boycott or blockade affecting materially the 
activities of Affected Party even if it only affects part of the employees of any of them and 
whether any of them is involved therein or not; or 
(v) 
any other similar Force Majeure which makes it unreasonably difficult to carry on the 
activities of the Affected Party.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
In such case the fulfilment of the obligations may be postponed for the period of the existence of 
the respective circumstances and shall be resumed immediately after such circumstances cease 
to exist, provided that the Affected Party shall put all best efforts to limit the effect of the above 
referred circumstances and to resume the fulfilment of their obligations, as soon as possible.  
(c) 
Governing law: These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
Republic of Lithuania. 
(d) 
Jurisdiction: The disputes related to these Terms and Conditions, Final Terms or the Bonds shall 
be resolved through negotiations. If the parties fail to reach an agreement, the claim for resolving 
the dispute shall be submitted to the Vilnius Court of Commercial Arbitration in accordance with 
its Rules of Arbitration which is granted with exclusive jurisdiction to hear, settle and/or determine 
any dispute, controversy or claim (including any non-contractual dispute, controversy or claim) 
arising out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions, Final Terms or the Bonds. All 
procedural documents shall be served via parties’ e-mails indicated in the Terms and Conditions 
or Subscription Order. The number of arbitrators shall be three. The place of arbitration shall be 
Vilnius. The language of arbitration shall be English.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
7. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bonds issued 
under the Terms and Conditions. 
FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
[Date] 
UAB "KVARTALAS”  
Issue of EUR [Aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche] Bonds 
under the EUR 50,000,000 Bond Issue 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Bonds described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Company’s base prospectus drawn up by the Company, dated 18 November 2024 
(the Prospectus) and Terms and Conditions which are provided therein. Full information on the 
Company and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms, the Terms and Conditions and the Prospectus. The Prospectus (including all its supplements (if 
any)) is and will be available for acquaintance at the Company’s website (www.savarzele.lt). Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds. 
Before making a decision to invest in the Bonds each prospective investor shall read the Prospectus, 
taking into account the risks outlined therein.   
A summary of this Tranche of Bonds has been appended to these Final Terms. The Final Terms have 
been approved by a Decision of Sole Shareholder dated 13 November 2024. The Final Terms have 
been filed with the Bank of Lithuania but are not subject to approval proceedings. 
1.  
Issuer 
UAB "Kvartalas” 
2.  
Number of Tranche 
[number] 
3.  
Maximum 
Aggregate 
Nominal Value of the 
Issue 
EUR 50,000,000 
4.  
Maximum 
Aggregate 
Nominal Value of the 
Tranche 
EUR [amount]2.  
5.  
Maximum 
Aggregate 
Nominal Value of the 
Tranche 
for 
Offering 
through the Auction  
EUR [amount]. [n/a] 
6.  
Issue currency 
EUR 
7.  
Nominal Value 
EUR 100 
8.  
Issue Price  
EUR [amount] 
 
2 The aggregate Nominal Value of the Tranche may be increased by the Issuer before or on the Issue Date. The Issuer shall 
amend the Final Terms and publish the updated Final Terms on the Company’s website before or on the Issue Date.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
9.  
Minimum 
Investment 
Amount 
EUR [amount] 
10.  
Issue Date  
[date] 
11.  
Final Maturity Date 
[date] 
12.  
Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
Redemption at par 
13.  
Interest 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
[dates] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Rate 
[number]% (fixed) annually  
 
(iii) 
Interest calculation 
method 
Act/Act (ICMA) count convention 
14.  
Yield 
[number]% per annum. Yield is calculated based on the 
Nominal Amount and on the Issue Date. Actual yield may 
differ depending on the price paid for a specific bond by 
an investor.  
15.  
Record Date 
Fourth Business Day before the Interest Payment Date, 
Final Maturity Date, Early Redemption Date, Early 
Maturity Date or De-listing Event or Listing Failure Put 
Date, whichever is relevant. 
 
16.  
Offering jurisdictions 
The Republic of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia 
17.  
Subscription Period 
[beginning and end times of period] 
18.  
Payment Date 
[if applicable, date] 
19.  
ISIN code 
LT0000411167 
20.  
Expected 
listing 
and 
admission to trading on 
the Bond List of Nasdaq 
date 
[date] 
21.  
Placing and underwriting 
[Not applicable/description of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the Issue on a firm commitment basis and/or 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a “best efforts” basis and respective arrangements] 
22.  
Subscription channels 
[description] 
23.  
Allocation rule (in case of 
oversubscription) 
[description]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
24.  
Collateral 
[description, including but not limited to the latest value of 
the Collateral, ranking, deadline for execution of the 
Collateral 
Agreement 
or 
date 
of 
the 
Collateral 
Agreement, 
notarial 
register 
No. 
and 
mortgage 
identification code] 
 
Signed on behalf of UAB “Kvartalas” 
______ 
[signatory’s full name, position]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
8. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
The following table is a summary of the Issuer’s financial information for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 (audited) and 31 December 2023 (audited), also for the 6-month period ended 30 
June 2024 (unaudited). 
The information set out in the table below has been extracted (without any material adjustment) from 
and is qualified by reference to and should be read in conjunction with the Issuer’s Audited Financial 
Statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, and Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2024, that are incorporated by reference to 
this Prospectus and form an integral part hereof (please see Section 4 “Information incorporated by 
Reference”). The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the LFAS.  
Table 1: balance sheet summary of the Company as of 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 as 
well as 31 December 2022 
  
  
2024-06-30 
(unaudited) 
2023-12-31 
(audited) 
2022-12-31 
(audited) 
A 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
20,622,305- 
15,877,055- 
13,784,581- 
1 
Intangible Assets 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
20,390,568- 
15,877,055- 
13,784,581- 
3 
Financial Assets 
-- 
-- 
-- 
4 
Other Non-current Assets 
231,737- 
-- 
-- 
B 
CURRENT ASSETS 
238,656- 
1,478,719- 
338,368- 
1 
Inventories 
17,103- 
1,333- 
722- 
2 
Receivables Within One Year 
70,067- 
31,666- 
178,223- 
3 
Short-term Investments 
-- 
-- 
-- 
4 
Cash 
151,486- 
1,445,720- 
159,423- 
C 
DEFERRED 
EXPENSES 
AND 
ACCRUED 
INCOME 
7,283- 
10,381- 
21- 
  
TOTAL ASSETS 
20,868,244- 
17,366,155- 
14,122,970- 
D 
EQUITY 
2,269,852- 
2,644,634- 
3,102,513- 
1 
Capital 
4,034,000- 
4,034,000- 
4,034,000- 
2 
Share premium 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3 
Revaluation Reserve (Results) 
-- 
-- 
-- 
4 
Reserves 
-- 
-- 
-- 
5 
Retained Earnings (Loss) 
(1,764,148) 
(1,389,366) 
(931,487) 
E 
PROVISIONS 
-- 
-- 
-- 
F 
PAYABLES AND OTHER LIABILITIES 
18,593,742- 
14,715,271- 
11,014,607- 
1 
Payables After One Year and Other Liabilities 
17,406,296- 
14,533,046- 
10,971,286- 
2 
Payables Within One Year and Other Liabilities 
1,187,446- 
182,225- 
43,321- 
G 
ACCRUALS AND DEFERRED INCOME 
4,650- 
6,250- 
5,850- 
  
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
20,868,244- 
17,366,155- 
14,122,970- 
Source: the Financial Statements

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Table 2: income statement of the Company for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2024, years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022  
  
2024-01-01 – 
2024-06-30 
(unaudited) 
2023 
(audited) 
2022 
(audited) 
I. Sales revenue 
947- 
135,335- 
90,867- 
II. Cost of sales 
-- 
-- 
-- 
III. Change in fair value of biological assets 
 
-- 
-- 
IV. GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 
947- 
135,335- 
90,867- 
V. Selling expenses 
-- 
-- 
-- 
VI. General and administrative expenses 
(110,686) 
(130,179) 
(120,619) 
VII. Other operating results 
150- 
-- 
-- 
VIII. Income from investments in the shares of a 
parent company, subsidiaries and associated 
companies  
-- 
-- 
-- 
IX. Income from other non-current investments and 
loans 
-- 
-- 
-- 
X. Other interest and similar income 
5,328- 
4,592- 
-- 
XI. Impairment of financial assets and current 
investments 
-- 
-- 
-- 
XII. Interest and other similar expenses 
(270,521) 
(467,627) 
(530,475) 
XIII. PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX 
(374,782) 
(457,879) 
(560,227) 
XIV. Income tax 
-- 
-- 
-- 
XV. NET PROFIT (LOSS) 
(374,782) 
(457,879) 
(560,227) 
Source: the Financial Statements 
Table 3: cash flow statement summary of the Company for the 6-month period ended 30 June 
2024, years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022  
 
2024-06-30 
(unaudited) 
2023-12-31 
(audited) 
2022-12-31 
(unaudited, 
but 
comparative 
figures for 
2022 
included in 
the Audited 
Financial 
Statements 
for the year 
ended 31 
December 
2023) 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
(92,363) 
620,459- 
(20,757) 
 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
 
2,400,000- 
 
2,500,000- 
 
1,550,000- 
 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(3,601,871) 
 
(1,834,252) 
(1,600,022) 
 
Source: the Financial Statements

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Please note that, under the Law on Law on Financial Accountability of Companies of the Republic of 
Lithuania that in 2024 was repealed by the Law on Financial Accountability of Companies and Groups 
of Companies of the Republic of Lithuania, the Company was not required to prepare cash flow 
statements as it met the criteria for very small enterprises and was not considered a public interest 
entity. The cash flow statements were prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus. The cash flow 
statements were produced for the 6-month period ended 30 June 2024 and retrospectively for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023 include comparative cash flow figures for 2022. 
.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
9. 
REASONS FOR OFFERING AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
The overall purpose of the Issue and the Offering is to finance (i) the construction and fit-out of the 
Project (incl. financing costs related to the Project) in an amount up to EUR 47,000,000;  and (ii) to 
finance redemption of the subordinated intercompany bonds together with accrued interest from the 
Fund up to the maximum amount of EUR 3,000,000. The Company may also use the proceeds from the 
Issue to support its working capital needs. For further details regarding the financing of the Company’s 
activities and the Project’s cost structure, please refer to Sections 13.2 “Financing of Activities” and 14.4 
“The Project Schedule and Cost” of the Prospectus. 
Provided that all the Bonds under the Issue are subscribed for and issued by the Company, the expected 
amount of gross proceeds would be up to EUR 50,000,000 (fifty million euros) less the amounts of costs 
and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, as prescribed below.  
The Company will bear approximately up to EUR 650,000 of fees and expenses in connection with the 
Offering (including the maximum amount of any discretionary commission, admission to trading on the 
Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius related costs, legal costs, etc.) under the Issue. These costs of the Offering 
will be covered from proceeds of the Offering.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
10. 
GENERAL CORPORATE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
The legal and commercial name of the Company is UAB "Kvartalas", legal entity code 305475438.  
The Company was registered in the Register of Legal Entities of the Republic of Lithuania on 24 
February 2020.  
Legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 98450090J5CC5A19F957.  
The Company has been established and is operating under the laws of the Republic of Lithuania 
(including without limitation, the Law on Companies, Civil Code) in the form of a private limited company 
(in Lithuanian: uždaroji akcinė bendrovė) and is established for an unlimited period. 
The latest Articles of Association of the Company have been registered in the Register of Legal Entities 
on 23 December 2023 (please see Section 4 “Information Incorporated by Reference”).  
The Company has not been assigned with the credit rating nor such a process have been initiated. 
During the validity of the Prospectus, and subject to the preparation and publication of a supplement to 
the Prospectus, the Company is expected to become a collective investment undertaking, a private 
limited liability company operating as a closed-ended investment company for informed investors upon 
receiving authorization from the Bank of Lithuania. Following this change, the Company will comply inter 
alia with the Law on Collective Investment Undertakings of the Republic of Lithuania, the Law on 
Collective Investment Undertakings for Informed Investors of the Republic of Lithuania, and other 
relevant laws. Management will be transferred to the Management Company. The Company is 
anticipated to have an operational term similar to the Fund’s, with the possibility of extension, starting 
from the date the Bank of Lithuania approves its Articles of Association. Upon transitioning into an 
investment company, the Company will pool the combined assets of informed investors and will invest 
them in assets aligned with the investment strategy outlined in the Company's Articles of Association, 
including but not limited to further investments in the Project.  
Please note that the Issuer’s conversion to a collective investment undertaking will not affect neither the 
Collateral granted in favour to the Bondholders (it will remain effective and registered with the Register 
of Real Estate), nor the Issuer’s obligations arising from the Bonds.   
The contact details of the Company are the following: 
Registered address 
Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania 
Country of registration 
Republic of Lithuania 
Phone number 
+370 5 261 9470 
E-mail 
info@lordslb.lt  
Website 
www.savarzele.lt where all Bonds related information and 
documents are uploaded or will be uploaded by the Company. 
The information on the website does not form part of the 
Prospectus, unless certain of this information is incorporated 
by reference into the Prospectus (please see Section 4 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
11. SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE  
11.1. Share Capital and Shares 
The current registered and fully paid-in share capital of the Company is EUR 4,034,000 which is divided 
into 4,034,000 ordinary shares of the Company (the Shares) with the nominal value of EUR 1. All Shares 
issued by the Company are dematerialized ordinary registered Shares.  
Pursuant to Lithuanian law, the main rights afforded to holders of ordinary shares are the right to 
participate and vote in the general meeting of shareholders and in the distribution of profits and, upon 
dissolution, of the remaining assets of the private limited company, as well as other rights provided by 
law or prescribed by the Articles of Association of the Company.  
11.2. Shareholders of Company 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is controlled by the Sole Shareholder – Fund and there are 
no other shareholders holding directly over 5% of Shares: 
Table 4: shareholders of the Issuer 
Name of shareholder 
Number of 
Shares 
Proportion 
Ultimate Beneficial 
Owner 
Closed-ended real estate 
investment fund intended 
for informed 
investors Right Bank 
Development Fund  
4,034,000  
100% 
Marius Žemaitaitis (as 
the manager of the Fund 
assigned by the 
Management Company) 
 
Source: the Issuer 
The Company’s share capital and shareholding structure may be subject to changes if the 
circumstances specified in Section 10 “General corporate information and Articles of Association”, occur.  
The Sole Shareholder of the Issuer is a collective investment undertaking that pools the combined 
assets of informed investors and invests them in real estate in Lithuania, in line with the investment 
strategy outlined in the Fund’s operational documents. The Fund’s only investment is through the Issuer 
in the Project as described in Section 14 “Development of the A++ Class Business Centre”). The Fund 
was established in 2021 for a 5-year period with the possibility of extending its operational term by 
additional 2 years.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
12. 
MANAGEMENT 
This Section profiles of key decision-makers, whose collective expertise and leadership contribute to 
the overall success of the Project and Issuer’s ability to redeem the Bonds.  
12.1. Management Structure 
The Issuer has no Supervisory Council or Management Board, and its CEO is Mr. Marius Žemaitaitis 
(more information about Mr. Marius Žemaitaitis is provided in Section 12.5 “Other Key Executives of the 
Management Company”). 
The CEO is in charge of daily management of the Issuer and has authority to represent the Issuer. More 
detailed information about the competences of the CEO of the Company may be found in the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (please see Section 4 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”).  
12.2. Management Company 
UAB “Lords LB Asset Management” is a licensed investment management company supervised by the 
Bank of Lithuania. The Management Company is authorized to manage real estate and private equity 
collective investment undertakings (licence), collective investment undertakings established in 
accordance with the Law on Collective Investment Undertakings of the Republic of Lithuania for 
Informed Investors (licence), collective investment undertakings for professional investors (license). 
The Management Company currently manages these collective investment undertakings: 15 real estate 
funds, 1 private capital fund, 1 energy and infrastructure fund and 3 investment companies. The total 
value of assets managed by the collective investment undertakings reached EUR 1.34B at the end of 
June 2024. 
The Management Company’s organization structure is presented in figure below.  
Figure 1: Organizational Structure of the Management Company 
 
Source: the Management Company

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
12.3. Management of the Management Company 
The management team of the Management Company is presented in Figure 2 below in order to create 
a full picture of the professionals contributing to the success of the Company and its investments. The 
experience and competence of these persons both individually and jointly ensure the operations, results 
and financial standing of the Company.  
Figure 2: Management team of the Management Company 
 
Source: the Management Company 
12.4. Management Board of the Management Company 
Andrius Stonkus – member of the Management Board, founder and shareholder of the Management 
Company.  
Mr. Stonkus is the founder of the leading real estate advisory and asset management company in the 
Baltic States Re&Solution, which was later partly acquired by Newsec and became Newsec / 
Re&Solution.  
Mr. Stonkus founded UAB “Lords LB Asset Management” in 2008 where he is responsible for raising 
funds and acquisitions. Before Re&Solution, during 2001 – 2004, Mr. Stonkus was the Director of real 
estate investment company Prime Real Estate and held several financial and management positions at 
Prime Investment. During his career, Mr. Stonkus was managing and participating in real estate 
transactions totaling EUR one billion. 
Mr. Stonkus holds a bachelor’s degree in banking from Vilnius University and has taken various courses 
in finance and analysis. 
Mindaugas Marcinkevičius – member of the Management Board, shareholder of the Management 
Company.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Mr. Marcinkevičius has over 21 years of experience in real estate development within Vilniaus prekyba 
group, the largest business consortium in the Baltics. In the Management Company, Mr. Marcinkevičius 
is responsible for real estate development and project management. 
For ten years, he was a Chairman of Akropolis, the largest and most successful shopping centre 
developer in the Baltics with operations in the Republic of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Bulgaria. Under 
Mr. Marcinkevičius‘ management, Akropolis developed over 250,000 m2 of flagship retail and office 
space, which was recognized as the most valuable commercial real estate asset in the Republic of 
Lithuania. 
Mr. Marcinkevičius holds a master’s degree in real estate valuation and management from Vilnius 
Gediminas Technical University. 
Jan Ake Gustaf Litborn – member of the Management Board, chairman of the management board of 
the Management Company. 
Mr. Jan Ake Gustaf Litborn is a partner and honorary chairman of Glimstedt Law Firm. Jan Litborn is 
also founder of the Baltic offices of Glimstedt law firm. He is a member of the Swedish and International 
Bar Associations, and has been practicing law as such since 1982. Jan Litborn has extensive experience 
representing several of the largest Swedish property and private equity companies, in matters regarding 
primarily merger and acquisitions, financing, and securitization.  
Mr. Litborn has also been involved in several large cross-border transactions. He is a graduate from the 
University of Stockholm and Stockholm School of Economics. 
Antanas Vainauskas – member of the Management Board, shareholder of the Management Company. 
Mr. Vainauskas is a co-founder of leading oil exploration and production companies in the Republic of 
Lithuania TAN Oil (indirectly controlled by Tethys Oil) and LL Investicijos, which was later partly acquired 
by an American multinational energy corporation Chevron. In the Lords LB Management Company Mr. 
Vainauskas is responsible for energy and infrastructure projects. 
Mr. Vainauskas has been a board member of various companies in one of the largest business groups 
in the Republic of Lithuania, SBA Concern, whose activities concentrate on four business areas – 
furniture, apparel, business centres and energy.  
Mr. Vainauskas holds master’s degree in European Law from Stockholm University and a bachelor's 
degree with specialization in law from Vilnius University. 
12.5. Other Key Executives of the Management Company 
Vilma Tvaronavičienė – CEO of the Management Company. 
Mrs. Vilma Tvaronavičienė has been a part of the Management Company since 2011, starting from the 
investors relations manager position, she became the CEO in 2019. Her role consists of supervision of 
the Management Company and activities of the funds under management of the Management 
Company, she contributes to the development of funds investment strategies, establishment and 
maintaining of the relationships with the investors of the investment funds. 
Mrs. Tvaronavičienė holds a degree of mechanical engineering from Kaunas University of Technology, 
has an international certificate “Foundation Award in Management principles” from Institute of 
Leadership and Management. Mrs. Tvaronavičienė is also studying at Kaunas University of Technology 
in master’s program “Business management”. 
Marius Žemaitaitis – fund manager in the Management Company.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Mr. Žemaitaitis has 6 years of experience in finance, audit and real estate property management. 
His prior experience includes Hanner and EY companies. 
In the Management Company, Mr. Žemaitaitis is responsible for managing Lords LB Baltic Green Fund 
(V) and Right Bank Development Fund. 
Mr. Žemaitaitis holds a master ‘s degree in Financial Economics from ISM University of Management 
and Economics. 
Kirilas Kundušas – CFO of the Management Company. 
Mr. Kundušas is a financial management executive who has more than 14 years of experience in finance 
and asset management. His previous workplaces include BAA Training, EY Baltic, Deloitte Lithuania, 
National Audit Office of Lithuania. 
Mr. Kundušas holds a Magna Cum Laude Master‘s degree in accounting and audit from Vilnius 
University. 
Giedrius Žilinskas – CRO of the Management Company. 
Mr. Žilinskas has more than 5 years of experience working with regulatory, risk and compliance change 
and implementation projects. Before joining the Management Company, Mr. Žilinskas have been 
working in business advisory filed as a consultant and freelance consultant.  
Mr. Žilinskas holds a master ‘s degree in International business and Management from Groningen 
university, Netherlands. 
Table 5: shares held by the Management of the Management Company 
Name, surname 
Position in the Management 
Company 
Indirectly 
owned 
Shares in the 
Management 
Company, % 
Clarifying comments 
Andrius Stonkus 
Member of the Management 
Board  
26,01 
Mr. Andrius Stonkus is the 
sole shareholder of UAB 
“Aemulus”, legal entity code 
302578408, 
registered 
address at Jogailos st. 9, 
Vilnius, 
the 
Republic 
of 
Lithuania that directly owns 
26% of the authorized capital 
of 
the 
Management 
Company.  
Andrius 
Stonkus 
directly 
owns 0,1% of the authorized 
capital of the Management 
Company.  
Mindaugas 
Marcinkevičius 
Member of the Management 
Board 
47 
Mr. 
Mindaugas 
Marcinkevičius is the sole 
shareholder of UAB “Glera”, 
legal entity code 302576414,

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Name, surname 
Position in the Management 
Company 
Indirectly 
owned 
Shares in the 
Management 
Company, % 
Clarifying comments 
registered 
address 
at 
Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the 
Republic of Lithuania that 
directly owns 47% of the 
authorized capital of the 
Management Company.  
Antanas 
Vainauskas 
Member of the Management 
Board 
9  
 
Mr. Antanas Vainauskas is 
the sole shareholder of UAB 
„Serenus“, legal entity code 
300612833, 
registered 
address at Jogailos st. 9, 
Vilnius, 
the 
Republic 
of 
Lithuania that directly owns 
9% of the authorized capital 
of 
the 
Management 
Company.  
Source: the Company 
12.6. Conflicts of Interests 
(a) Internal conflicts of interests.  
The members of the Management Board of the Management Company, Mr. Andrius Stonkus, Mr. 
Mindaugas Marcinkevičius and Mr. Antanas Vainauskas are direct and/or indirect shareholders of the 
Management Company. Therefore, considering that the Management Company is involved in the 
development of the Project success of which is closely related to the Issuer’s ability to redeem the Bonds, 
it is possible that these shareholders may favour any of their own interests rather than those of the 
Management Company or the collective investment undertakings (or their owned entities) managed by 
it, also it is possible that the Issuer’s, Fund’s and the Management Company’s interests in certain 
situation may differ.    
Nevertheless, it shall be noted that the Management Company implements conflicts of interest 
procedures in the Management Company in order to monitor and control conflicts of interest risk and 
ensure transparency of investment and investment supervision. 
(b) Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the Offering. 
 
The Arranger/Dealer, ”Swedbank”, AB, is appointed by the Issuer as responsible person in the Republic 
of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia for the purposes of arranging the Issue, Offering in the Republic of 
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia and Admission of the Bonds to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, 
and/or for any other purposes and services as provided for in the Prospectus. The Issuer is paying fees 
(commissions) established in the Mandate Letter for the services provided to the Issuer.  
The law firm Ellex Valiunas is appointed by the Issuer as legal adviser for the purposes of this 
Prospectus related matters and Issuer’s representation at the Bank of Lithuania. The Issuer is paying 
fees established in the representation agreement dated 1 October 2024  for the services provided by 
law firm Ellex Valiunas.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
The Trustee, Grant Thornton Baltic UAB, is appointed by the Issuer as Bondholders’ trustee as required 
under the Law on Protection of Interests of Bondholders. The Issuer is paying fees established in the 
Trustee’s Agreement for the services provided by the Trustee.  
There are no other persons appointed by the Issuer in connection with this Prospectus, Offering and 
Admission of the Bonds to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius as of the date of this Prospectus.  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer neither the Arranger/Dealer nor the legal adviser or the Trustee has 
any conflict of interest pertaining to the responsibilities assigned to them by the Issuer.  
12.7. Statutory Auditors 
The Audited Financial Statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2023 were 
prepared in accordance with the LFAS and audited by the audit company UAB “KPMG Baltics“, legal 
entity code 111494971, having its registered address at Lvivo st. 101, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania.  
The Audited Financial Statements are incorporated into this Prospectus by reference. The auditor Ieva 
Voverienė is the independent auditor of the respective Financial Statements for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
Audit company issued unqualified auditor’s opinions regarding the Audited Financial Statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.  
Please note that in 2024, the Sole Shareholder of the Company appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers, 
UAB, legal entity code 111473315, having its registered address at J. Jasinskio st. 16B, Vilnius, the 
Republic of Lithuania, as the Company’s new auditors for the financial years 2024-2026. 
 
All other information concerning the Company within this Prospectus has not been subject to audit.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
13. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
13.1. History and development of Company; Principal Activities  
Principal activities of the Company 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Company is constructing an A++ class business centre at 
Konstitucijos ave. 14A, Vilnius. The Project will consist of seven above-ground floors, offering a total 
gross floor area of 19,235 m² dedicated to office and commercial spaces. Additionally, there will be two 
underground levels with a gross floor area of 11,048 m², primarily serving as a car parking facility. 
The ground floor of the business centre will be dedicated for office, retail, commercial, and other service 
providers. Floors 2 through 7 will primarily be dedicated to office spaces. Collectively, these areas will 
constitute the primary income-generating components of the Project. 
The underground car parking offers 343 car parking spaces and is designed to accommodate electric 
vehicle charging stations, with an estimated capacity for 70 electric vehicle parking spaces. It will also 
feature dedicated areas for bicycles, scooters, e-scooters, as well as shower and locker facilities 
available for the tenants of the business centre. The underground car parking will constitute a second 
income generating unit. It will be operated by the leading parking company in the Republic of Lithuania 
– “Unipark”.  
The completion of the Project is estimated around the Q4 of 2025. The Issuer estimates that the total 
investment cost of the Project at its completion will amount to EUR 78.1 million.  
For further details on the Project, please refer to Section 14 “Development of the A++ Class Business 
Centre” below. 
History and development of the Company 
The Company was established on 24 February 2020. On 28 April 2021 the Issuer has acquired the Land 
Plot at Konstitucijos ave. 14A, Vilnius for the development of the Project. On 1 October 2021 the Fund 
has acquired 100% of shares of the Issuer.  
The Issuer being a real estate development company engages in the following activities: project initiation 
(concept and initial set of goals), market research and business analysis, requirements, estimates, 
planning, procurement, architecture and design, project implementation and construction, testing, 
market launch and closing sale/rent of the premises and buildings. The Company performs no other 
principal activities and provides no other services, neither creates new products. The Issuer carries out 
these activities primarily through contractual agreements with local or international third-party 
professionals and service providers. This includes, but is not limited to, engaging external experts for 
architecture and design, construction, cost estimation, planning, procurement, and project execution 
and management. Additionally, the Issuer relies on third-party specialists for leasing and selling the 
developed premises, as well as other essential services related to the completion and commercialization 
of the Project. 
The sole purpose of the Issuer is to develop the Project which does not generate any income as of the 
date of this Prospectus. The Issuer does not intend to make any other investments except those relevant 
to the Project. The Fund does not intend to make any other investments except those related to the 
Issuer.  
13.2. Financing of Activities 
The Company uses a combination of equity injections and debt to fund its activities and development of 
the Project.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
The Fund which is the sole shareholder of the Company that provides equity injections either through 
the intercompany bonds (that can be capitalized), as detailed in Section 13.5 "Related Party 
Transactions," or through an increase in the Company's share capital.  
The total Project cost is estimated to be EUR 78.1 million. The Company is planning to use the proceeds 
of up to EUR 47 million from the Bonds to finance the development and construction of the Project. The 
remaining amount of the Project cost will be financed from equity. As of the date of the Prospectus, the 
Sole Shareholder has secured a sufficient amount of investor commitments to finance the Project’s 
equity part. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Company issued intercompany bonds to the Fund amounting to EUR 
21,950,000 and the proceeds were used for the development and construction of the Project. The 
outstanding balance of these bonds is EUR 18,106,002. Bonds amounting to EUR 3,843,998 (nominal 
value) were capitalized in December 2022, i.e., the conversion to equity and the share capital increase 
were reflected in the Articles of Association of the Company, registered in the Register of Legal Entities 
of the Republic of Lithuania on 23 December 2022. The mentioned intercompany bonds are 
subordinated to the Bonds issued under this Prospectus.  
As at the date of the Prospectus, the Company has not concluded any financing agreements (credits, 
syndicated loans, credit lines, overdrafts, financial leasing) with external parties.  
The Bonds will have a maturity of 2 years from the Issue Date of the first Tranche. The Company plans 
to secure a refinancing bank loan for the redemption of the Bonds, with the likelihood of obtaining 
financing significantly increasing when the Building is occupied by tenants. Upon completion of 
construction, the first tenants are expected to move into the Building in Q4 2025 or early 2026.  
However, if the bank loan is not secured, the Company may explore alternatives, such as selling the 
Project and using the proceeds for the redemption of the Bonds, or issuing new bonds for refinancing 
of the Bonds. 
13.3. Competitive Position and Competitive Strengths 
The Issuer, the Fund and the Management Company operate in a competitive business environment. 
The competition arises from the current supply of business centers in Vilnius, as well as several other 
business centers that are under construction and scheduled for completion around a similar time as the 
Project. The operations are also affected by changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations, 
taxes, developments in competition, economic, strategic, political and social conditions and other 
factors.  
Experienced Management Company 
The Management Company has extensive experience in managing commercial real estate 
developments in Lithuania. Established in 2008, real estate investment funds managed by the 
Management Company developed such projects in Vilnius central business district as “SEB” 
headquarter at Konstitucijos ave. 24, “Lvivo” Business Centre at Lvivo st. 37, “Artery” at Konstitucijos 
ave. 18b, all of which have been awarded with the highest rating BREEAM3 sustainability certificates, 
 
3 The BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method) certificate is an internationally recognized 
certification system used to evaluate the environmental performance of buildings and infrastructure. BREEAM provides a 
comprehensive assessment of a building's sustainability across various categories. The BREEAM certificate is issued by the 
Building Research Establishment (BRE), a UK-based organization.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
achieving outstanding ratings in “New Construction” category, and the “K29“ business centre at 
Konstitucijos ave. 29 with BREEAM “In-use Excellent Sustainability” certificate.  
The Management Company’s managed real estate investments funds with their developed business 
centres were multiple times awarded for their visionary, sustainable, and impactful projects.  
Having developed successful projects in Vilnius central business district, the Management Company 
has gained reputation on the market for developing sustainable, forward-looking and innovative 
business centres in Vilnius. Therefore, the Management Company and the team responsible for the 
development of the Project has extensive experience in the development and management of business 
centres, allowing for a successful expansion of Vilnius office market with the ongoing development of 
the Project.  
Respectable general contractor 
UAB “Conres LT” is a general contractor with respect to the construction and development of the Project. 
The general contractor will also be responsible for completing the fit-out of tenant office spaces for a 
half of the aboveground floor area of the business centre.  
UAB “Conres LT” has 15 years of experience in real estate construction, having developed over 750,000 
square meters of space across commercial, public, residential, and industrial sectors. UAB “Conres LT” 
has constructed such business centres in Vilnius as “BH Meraki”, “GIRTEKA PARK”, “UNIQ”, and 
others.   
Solid anchor tenant 
AB Šiaulių bankas will occupy 46% of the total Project’s gross leasable area. AB Šiaulių bankas will be 
an anchor tenant of the Project with a strong reputation in the market as the longest-established and 
largest bank with Lithuanian capital. AB Šiaulių bankas brings a strong and stable presence to the 
Project, enhancing its overall commercial value and appeal. 
Prime location in central business district of Vilnius 
The Project is located in a prime location between the city center and the central business district of 
Vilnius. Just steps away from the Neris River and Vilnius municipality, it is also in close proximity to the 
headquarters of major banks, shopping malls, multiple business centers, hotels, and more. With easy 
access by public and private transport, it ensures both convenience and connectivity. 
High sustainability standards 
The business center was designed to the highest standards of environmental sustainability. Advanced 
amenities and technical solutions of this business center will ensure a healthy environment for 
employees.  
The Project is expected to achieve a BREEAM “Outstanding Sustainability” certification in “New 
Construction” category and an A++ energy class rating.  
On 2 September 2024 the Project has received an interim certificate (Nr. BREEAM-0122-7438) for the 
design stage of the Project and achieved an “Outstanding” rating. The interim certificate evaluates the 
design of the Project in following categories: management, health and wellbeing, energy, transport, 
water, materials, waste, land use and ecology, pollution, and innovation.  
For further details of the Project please refer to Section 14 “Development of the A++ Class Business 
Centre”.   
13.4. Material Agreements

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
The Company has not entered into other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, 
contracts for development of the Project and Related Party transactions, as reflected below, and/or 
contracts entered for the purposes of the Offering and admission to trading on the Bond List of Nasdaq 
Vilnius as indicated in the Terms and Conditions, which could result in the Company being under an 
obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligations to the 
Bondholders in respect of the Bonds being issued.  
Below are the described material contracts (material financial agreements and other contracts) entered 
into in the ordinary course of business which are valid as at the date of the Prospectus. 
Financial agreements  
The Company has not concluded any financing agreements (credits, syndicated loans, credit lines, 
overdrafts, financial leasing) with external parties, except that in March 2024, the Company issued a 
bank performance guarantee to AB Vilniaus šilumos tinklai, required for the commencement and 
execution of the reconstruction of heat supply networks owned by the Company. The guaranteed 
amount is EUR 231,737 and it is provided for a period of 5 years. 
Lease agreements: 
The Project’s anchor tenant, AB Šiaulių bankas, has leased 46% of the total Project's GLA under the 
lease agreement dated 30 January 2023, supplemented by additional agreements signed on 25 April 
2024 and 22 August 2024. As the longest-established and largest bank with Lithuanian capital, AB 
Šiaulių bankas brings a strong and stable presence to the Project, enhancing its overall commercial 
value and appeal. 
AB Šiaulių bankas is the only tenant as of the date of this Prospectus. However, the lease agreement 
with AB Šiaulių bankas may be terminated due to the fault of either party in the event of a material 
breach, for example the Company’s failure to hand over the premises to the lessee (AB Šiaulių bankas) 
or the lessee’s failure to take over the premises from the Company, or the termination may occur due 
on their contractual grounds, subject to penalties and other sufficient compensation.  
Once material lease agreements are concluded, the Company will make announcements on the 
Company’s website and after the Bonds are admitted on the Bond List of Nasdaq Vilnius, also on the 
CSF at www.crib.lt). 
Other material Project related agreements 
(i) General Works Agreement concluded by the Issuer and UAB „Conres LT“ on 15 of March 2024 (the 
General Works Agreement), supplemented by additional agreements on 18 March 2024, 4 July 
2024, and 2 August 2024. 
• 
Subject matter of the General Works Agreement: constructions works, and other works provided 
in the General Works Agreement. 
• 
Price of the General Works Agreement (excl. VAT): EUR 47,542,491.  
• 
Start of construction works: 15 of March 2024.  
• 
End of construction works: 20 of October 2025. 
• 
Applicable law and dispute resolution: the General Works Agreement is governed by Lithuanian 
law. The disputes arising out of or in connection with the General Works Agreement shall be 
settled by Vilnius Court of Commercial Arbitration.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
• 
Termination: the General Works Agreement may be terminated in case the Company fails to 
fulfill its obligations, and fails to remedy the situation within an agreed time period, or in the 
event of other material breach. 
Please note that before the conclusion of the General Works Agreement, 1) installation of heat networks, 
installation of temporary tracks and permanent tracks; 2) ground preparation works, and 3) foundation 
construction works at Konstitucijos ave. 14A, Vilnius, were carried out by 1) UAB “DS-1”, 2) UAB 
“Vaidva”, and 3) UAB “Vilniaus rentinys”. The above works were completed and respective agreements 
expired after the conclusion of the General Works Agreement.  
(ii) Design Contract concluded by the Issuer, RSHP LLP (the Designer 2) and UAB “Unitectus” (the 
Designer 1) on 22 of June 2023 (the Design Work Agreement) 
• 
Subject matter of the Design Work Agreement: design works of the building and its surrounding 
located at Konstitucijos ave. 14A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania and preparation of technical 
and work projects, management project, other documents as provided in the Design Work 
Agreement and its annexes, amendments or supplements. 
Designer 2 is an author of concept design and the party responsible for execution of works and 
provision of services described in the Design Work Agreement. The Designer 1 is assisting the 
Designer 2 in the performance of the above described functions, verifying (including verification 
of compliance to requirements of legal acts), supplementing and formalising of the design 
documentation prepared by the Designer 2 in accordance with applicable legal acts as well as 
for performance of all remaining Designers’ duties under the Design Work Agreement and 
applicable legal acts.  
• 
Term of the Design Work Agreement: until June 2025 
• 
Applicable law and dispute resolution: the Design Work Agreement is governed by Lithuanian 
law. The disputes arising out of or in connection with the Design Work Agreement shall be 
settled by the Arbitration Rules of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of 
Commerce. 
• 
Termination: the Design Work Agreement may be terminated in the event of a material or 
persistent breach of obligations, which the Company fails to remedy within an agreed time 
period. 
(iii) Building process Management Agreement concluded by the Issuer and UAB “Contestus” on 2 of 
April 2024 (the Building Maintenance Agreement)  
• 
Subject matter of the Building Maintenance Agreement: construction maintenance and other 
related construction consultancy services to ensure the timely and proper completion of the 
construction of the building located at Konstitucijos ave. 14A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. 
• 
Start of construction maintenance: 4 of January 2024. 
• 
End of construction maintenance: on the day the building complex is declared fit for use in 
accordance with applicable laws. 
• 
Applicable law and dispute resolution: the Building process Management Agreement is 
governed by Lithuanian law. The disputes arising out of or in connection with the Agreement 
shall be settled by Vilnius Court of Commercial Arbitration. 
• 
Termination: the Building Maintenance Agreement may be terminated in case the Company 
fails to fulfill its obligations in a timely and proper manner, and the Company fails to remedy the 
situation within an agreed time period.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
13.5. Related Party Transactions 
At the date of the Prospectus, the Company has one outstanding bond subscription agreement with the 
Related Party under which the Company’s bonds are acquired by the Related Party, as disclosed below: 
Table 6: Related Party transactions (2024-09-30) 
Related Party 
Type 
Currency 
Outstanding 
nominal amount 
Annual interest 
rate 
Closed-ended real 
estate investment 
fund intended for 
informed 
investors Right Bank 
Development 
Intercompany 
bonds 
EUR 
18,106,002 
4.00% 
Source: the Company 
The Related Party is the Fund – the Sole Shareholder of the Company. The intercompany bonds 
mentioned are subordinated to the Bonds issued under this Prospectus, including the Terms and 
Conditions and Final Terms. This means the Issuer cannot redeem the intercompany bonds or make 
any payments to the Fund related to the intercompany bonds until all payment obligations to the 
Bondholders have been fully met, except as to redemption of the subordinated intercompany bonds 
together with accrued interest from the Fund up to the maximum amount of EUR 3,000,000. 
As noted above, the Company engages in intra-group contractual arrangements. Under applicable 
transfer pricing regulations, such transactions must be conducted on an arm's length basis, with 
sufficient documentation provided in accordance with regulatory requirements. Non-compliance with 
these regulations, including inadequate documentation, could have an adverse impact on the Company 
and/or the relevant Related Party. 
13.6. Trend Information 
The information presented in this Section is a brief overview of the real estate & office market analysis 
conducted by Colliers, a trusted global real estate services and investment management firm. 
Vilnius office market stock 
By the end of 2023, Vilnius had an office stock of 1.042 million sqm, which increased to 1.11 million sqm 
by the end of the first half (the H1) of 2024. It is projected to reach 1.119 million sqm by the end of 2024. 
The city's office stock is distinguished by its high quality, with about 57% of office buildings holding 
international "green" certifications, making Vilnius the leader in sustainability among the Baltic States. 
Additionally, 40% of the office buildings in Vilnius are less than five years old, showcasing rapid growth 
and development in the commercial real estate sector over recent years.  
Figure 3: Vilnius office market stock*

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
*2024 1HY stands for the first half of 2024, while 2024f denotes the 2024 forecast 
Source: Colliers  
Vilnius office market take-up 
In 2023, the office market in Vilnius saw a take-up of approximately 68,000 square meters, though the 
year started with an atypically low demand, as only about 10,000 square meters were leased in Q1. 
Overall, there was a 37% decline in tenant activity compared to 2022, with the information and 
communication technology (ICT) and professional services sectors leading the demand, accounting for 
29% and 23% of the total leased space, respectively. However, the market rebounded in the first half of 
2024, showing a 64% increase in new lease signings compared to the same period in 2023. The financial 
and insurance sectors played a dominant role, occupying 28% of the leased space. A major contribution 
in 2023 came from AB Šiaulių bankas, which pre-leased at that time 8,569 square meters in the Project 
being developed by the Company. 
Figure 4: Vilnius office market take-up 
 
Source: Colliers  
Vilnius office rent rates 
Rent rates for Vilnius offices saw an upward trend in 2023, particularly in Class A and Class B properties. 
High inflation had a notable impact on the office market, with indexation becoming a central concern for 
both landlords and tenants when negotiating lease agreements, including both new and existing 
contracts.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
In Q2 2024, the trend of rising rents continued, with a slight increase in top A-class office rent rates and 
a more pronounced rise in B1-class offices compared to the end of 2023. Although vacancy rates have 
been impacted by market developments and ongoing construction delays due to rising costs, the 
combination of increased demand and limited supply is expected to reduce vacancy in both A-class and 
B-class office buildings moving forward. 
Table 7: Vilnius office market rent rates (EUR/sqm per month, NNN) 
Class 
2022  
2023 
2024 Q2 
Trends for 2024 
A 
15.5-18.0 
16.5 - 21.0 
16.5 - 22.0 
unchanged 
B1 
10.0-14.5 
10.5 –16.0 
12.0 –16.0 
unchanged 
B2 
6.6–9.8 
7.0 -11.0 
7.0 -11.0 
unchanged 
Source: Colliers  
Growing Focus on Green Buildings 
Sustainability and energy efficiency have become increasingly important in the office market across the 
EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) region, with Lithuania following this trend closely. In Vilnius, 
over 50% of office buildings now hold green certifications, such as BREEAM, LEED (Leadership in 
Energy and Environmental Design – a globally recognized certification program for green buildings, 
focusing on energy efficiency and sustainability), and DGNB (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Nachhaltiges 
Bauen – the German Sustainable Building Council, which offers a certification system for sustainable 
buildings based on various criteria, including ecological quality, economic quality, and social quality), 
which are commonly seen in new and modern developments. Developers are also incorporating 
renewable energy solutions, including solar panels, and some are even participating in larger energy 
initiatives like wind farms to manage and reduce energy costs. This growing focus on sustainability has 
resulted in an increasing number of energy-efficient and environmentally friendly office spaces in Vilnius. 
Figure 5: Certified stock in the Baltics, GLA, % of total GLA 
 
 
Source: Colliers  
59%
43%
34%
41%
57%
66%
Vilnius
Riga
Tallin
Certified
Non-certified
-
200
400
600
800
1 000
1 200
Vilnius
Riga
Tallin
Thousands

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
13.7. Profit Forecasts or Estimates 
The Company is not providing financial forecasts or estimates. 
13.8. Significant Change in Financial Position 
There has been no significant, material adverse change in the Company’s financial position since the 
last reporting year, except for the Company's principal amount of debt obligations disclosed under 
Section 13.5, ”Related Party Transactions”, which increased to EUR 18,106,002. The Management is 
aware of no trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have 
a material effect on the Company’s prospects for at least the current financial year outside the course 
of its regular business activities. 
13.9. Legal Proceedings  
The Company is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a period covering 
at least the previous 12 months which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Company’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
14. 
DEVELOPMENT OF A++ CLASS BUSINESS CENTRE “SĄVARŽĖLĖ” 
14.1. Location  
The Issuer is developing the Project on a land plot at Konstitucijos ave. 14A, located in the central 
business district of Vilnius, the capital of the Republic of Lithuania.  
The Project is situated on Konstitucijos avenue in a central business district, close to the Neris river and 
Vilnius city municipality. The infrastructure surrounding the Project is well-developed with an easy and 
quick access to the main destinations in the city.  
The location of the Project is presented below in the pictures: 
 
14.2. 
Building 
The Project is located on the 6,430 m2 Land Plot, and expected to have 30,283 m2 of gross building 
area, out of which 19,235 m2 will be aboveground and 11,048 m2 will be underground, including 343 
parking spaces, of which 70 are estimated to be suitable for electric vehicles. The underground parking 
will additionally accommodate bicycle and e-scooter storage and charging facilities, showers and 
lockers. 
The gross leasable area will be around 20,779 m2 and the building will have 7 floors aboveground and 
2 floors underground. 
The Project is designed by the international British architectural firm RSHP, known for such projects as 
the Pompidou Center in Paris, the European Court of Human Rights headquarters in Strasbourg, 3 
World Trade Center in New York, the International Towers in Sydney, and the Lloyd’s and Leadenhall 
buildings in London. For this Project RSHP partnered with the architectural studio Unitectus from 
Lithuania. 
The visualisations of the Project are presented below:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Source: the Company 
 
Source: the Company 
The Project offers office spaces tailored to the unique needs and scale of most potential companies. 
Each floor features flexible layouts to accommodate a range of tenants, from single occupants to multiple

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
enterprises, with office areas spanning from 250 to 3,500 square meters, some of the largest floor plates 
in Vilnius, suitable for housing larger companies to establish headquarters. 
Plan of 3rd floor: 
 
Source: the Company 
The typical floor plate is rectangular and the floors from 3 to 4 and from 6 to 7 floors are approx. 3,450 
m2, with a 5th floor comprising 2,090 m2 with two private terraces. The terrace on the Southern part of 
the building comprises 685 m2 and is overlooking the Gediminas tower and Vilnius old town, while the 
other terrace on the Northern part of the building comprises 160 m2 and is overlooking the Konstitucijos 
avenue. The 2nd floor comprises 2,400 m2 with its unique curvy shape. The 2,250 m2 ground level will 
accommodate a restaurant, commercial and retail services.  
14.3. 
Sustainability 
The business center was designed and will be constructed to the highest standards of environmental 
sustainability, including features such as a rooftop solar power plant, rooftop vegetation, double-glazed 
facades with external shades, a cooling system based on water circulation in compliance with the EU 
regulations to reduce the use of freon gas by 2027 and onwards.  
Advanced amenities and technical solutions of this business center will ensure a healthy environment 
for employees. High-performance façade with mechanical ventilation and heat recovery for both summer 
and winter. Blinds offer adaptable solar and glare protection while maintaining outward views. 
Modern ventilation and air purification systems will provide clean air, while ergonomic workspaces and 
natural light will enhance overall well-being. The atrium form offers flexibility and efficient, rectangular 
office space planning with great interconnectivity.  
The Project is expected to achieve the highest BREEAM Outstanding sustainability certification in New 
Construction category and an A++ energy class rating.  To achieve the highest ‘Outstanding’ BREEAM 
rating, the building must integrate cutting-edge technologies and design principles that significantly 
reduce the environmental impact.  
On 2 September 2024 the Project has received an interim certificate (Nr. BREEAM-0122-7438) for the 
design stage of the Project and achieved an “Outstanding” rating, the highest BREEAM rating 
achievable, indicating the commitment to sustainability and environmental responsibility. The interim 
certificate evaluates the design of the Project in following categories: management, health and 
wellbeing, energy, transport, water, materials, waste, land use and ecology, pollution, and innovation.  
14.4. 
The Project Schedule and Cost

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
The construction of the Project started in Q1 2024 with the expected completion in Q4 2025. Total costs 
of the Project are expected to reach EUR 78.1 million. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Company has completed the ground and pile foundation works. As of 28 
October 2024, the completion of the Building with unique No. 4400-6487-5418 is 12%, as registered in 
the State Enterprise Centre of Registers. The completion of the foundation and underground parking 
monolithic structures is expected in Q4 2024. 
The development timeline is presented below: 
 
Source: the Company 
Facade and engineering works should start in Q1 2025, while the fit-out works expected to begin in Q2 
2025. The building is expected to be commissioned in Q4 2025. 
The construction works timeline is presented below: 
 
Source: the Company 
14.5. 
Anchor Tenant 
AB Šiaulių bankas will occupy 46% of the total Project’s GLA under the lease agreement dated 30 
January 2023, supplemented by additional agreements signed on 25 April 2024 and 22 August 2024. 
AB Šiaulių bankas will be an anchor tenant of the Project with a strong reputation in the market as the 
longest-established and largest bank with Lithuanian capital. AB Šiaulių Bankas brings a strong and 
stable presence to the Project, enhancing its overall commercial value and appeal. 
AB Šiaulių bankas is the largest independently owned financial institution in Lithuania. It was first 
established in 1992. Its shares have been listed on NASDAQ Vilnius Stock Exchange since 1994 and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
as of 30 June 2024 its market capitalization stood at EUR 457 million. The bank offers a full suite of 
products consisting of over 50 banking, asset management and life insurance products. AB Šiaulių 
bankas operates the widest branch network in Lithuania and has over 1,100 employees. At the end of 
June 2024 its total assets amounted to EUR 5.0bn while deposits stood at EUR 3.3bn.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
15. 
TAXATION 
Introductory remarks. The purpose of this Section is to give an overview of the tax regime applicable to 
the Bondholders and the Issuer. The below summary is in no way exhaustive and is not meant to 
constitute professional advice to any person. Tax legislation of the Bondholder’s member state and of 
the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Bonds. In 
order to establish particular tax consequences of the Offering or the ownership of the Bonds, each 
Bondholder is advised and strongly encouraged to seek specialist assistance. 
The tax consequences listed below are described in accordance with respective Lithuanian, Latvian and 
Estonian laws and provisions of tax treaties that are applicable on the date of this Prospectus, subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Transfers of the Bonds will not be subject to any registration or stamp duties in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia. 
Therefore, the information contained in this Section will only cover withholding and income tax issues 
as applicable to resident and non-resident entities as well as individuals under respective Lithuanian, 
Latvia and Estonian tax legislation. 
Terms and definitions used for the purposes of this Section 
A “resident individual” means a natural person who is deemed to be a resident of Lithuania / Latvia / 
Estonia under the national provisions of respectively Lithuanian / Latvian / Estonian Law on personal 
income tax (PIT) if: he / she has permanent place of residence in Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia during the 
tax period, or his / her personal, social or economic interests during the tax period are located in 
Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia, or he/she is present in Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia / continuously or 
intermittently for at least 183 days in the relevant tax period or in case of Lithuania - at least 280 days 
in two consecutive tax periods and at least 90 days in one of these tax periods. In addition, Lithuanian / 
Latvian / Estonian citizen employed abroad by the government of the Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia is also 
considered as resident individual. 
All income of a resident of Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia sourced in and outside Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia 
is subject to tax in respectively Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia. 
A “non-resident individual” means a natural person who is not deemed to be a resident of Lithuania / 
Latvia / Estonia under the above-mentioned national provisions.   
Income of a non-resident individuals sourced in Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia is subject to the respective 
country’s income tax.  
A “resident entity” means a legal person (except for limited partnership fund) registered in accordance 
with the legal acts of respectively Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia. In case of Lithuania, a collective investment 
undertaking established in Lithuania without a status of a legal person is also considered as resident 
entity.  
All income of a resident entity earned in Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia and foreign states is subject to 
respectively Lithuanian / Latvian / Estonian corporate income tax (CIT) rules. 
A “non-resident entity” means a legal person which is not established in Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia. In 
case of Estonia, provisions concerning non-residents also apply to a foreign association of persons or 
pool of assets (excluding contractual investment fund) without the status of a legal person, which 
pursuant to the law of the state of the incorporation or establishment thereof is regarded as a legal 
person for income tax purposes.  
Income of non-resident entities sourced in Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia is subject to the Lithuanian / 
Latvian / Estonian CIT. A non-resident entity shall be considered to be operating through a permanent 
establishment (PE) in the territory of Lithuania / Latvia / Estonia, where: it permanently carries out

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
activities in the respective country, or carries out its activities in the respective country through a 
dependent representative (agent), or uses a building site, a construction, assembly or installation object 
in the respective country, or makes use of installations or structures in the respective country for 
extraction of natural resources, including wells or vessels used for that purpose. Taxation of non-resident 
entities acting through a PE in the respective country is the same as that of resident entities, if such a 
non-resident entity earns interest income through its PE in the respective country, thus, it is not 
separately described. 
For the purposes of capital gains taxation, gains derived from the sale of securities (including the 
Bonds) is the difference between the acquisition cost and the sales price of such securities. Gains 
derived from the exchange of securities is the difference between the acquisition cost of securities 
subject to exchange and the market price of the property received as the result of the exchange. The 
expenses directly related to the sale or exchange of securities may be deducted from the gains but are 
generally rather limited. 
15.1. Lithuanian Tax Considerations 
The following is a general overview of the Lithuanian tax regime applicable in Lithuania to interest 
received and capital gains earned upon transfer of Bonds. 
Capital Gains from Sale or Exchange of Bonds. Gains received upon disposal of the Bonds by a 
Lithuanian resident individual are taxable on a cash-basis at progressive PIT rates of: 
• 
15%, if the total amount of income (except for employment, self-employment income, 
remuneration of board members and dividends) received by an individual during a calendar year 
does not exceed the sum of 120 Lithuanian gross average salaries, which is determined on the 
basis of quarterly gross average salaries as published by the Lithuanian Department of Statistics 
(this figure in 2024 is EUR 228,324), and 
• 
20%, which applies to income of an individual received during a calendar year exceeding the 
above-mentioned threshold. 
Capital gains up to EUR 500 received by resident individuals from the sale or exchange of Bonds 
(including other securities) during a calendar year are tax exempt. However, such tax relief is not 
applicable if the capital gains are received from entities established or individuals permanently residing 
in a tax haven included in the List of Target Territories approved by the Minister of Finance of Lithuania. 
Capital gains derived upon the disposal of the Bonds by Lithuanian non-resident individuals will not 
be subject to Lithuanian PIT. 
Capital gains on disposal of Bonds earned by Lithuanian resident entity are included in its taxable 
profit and are subject to 15% CIT rate or in certain cases a reduced tax rate may apply. Capital gains 
received from / by collective investment undertaking shall not be taxed with Lithuanian CIT. Banks and 
credit unions, including branches of foreign banks in Lithuania shall pay additional 5% CIT on profits, 
subject to special calculation rules, exceeding EUR 2 million. In tax years of 2023 and 2024, so called 
“Temporary solidarity contribution” would also apply to the credit institutions (at a 60 % rate calculated 
on the part of net interest income that exceeds by more than 50 % the average net interest income of 
four financial years).  
Any capital gains on alienation of Bonds received by Lithuanian non-resident entities will not be 
subject to Lithuanian CIT. 
Taxation of Interest. Lithuanian resident individuals are subject to paying the progressive PIT (15% / 
20%, as in case of taxation of capital gains) on the interest received from loans, securities (including the 
Bonds) and other debt obligations. Therefore, interest (coupon payments) received by Lithuanian

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
resident individuals from the Bonds is subject to PIT in Lithuania. Tax is paid by a resident individual 
himself/herself, however the total amount of interest received by resident individuals during a calendar 
year not exceeding EUR 500 will be tax exempt.  
When interest is earned by a Lithuanian non-resident individual, the Company withhold 15% PIT and 
if it turns out at the end of the year that a part of the amount was actually subject to the 20% rate, the 
individual has to pay the difference himself/herself. Separate Double Tax Treaty (DTT) concluded and 
brought into effect with Lithuania may establish a lower tax rate for non-resident individuals.   
The Bond interest received by a Lithuanian resident entity is included in its taxable profit and are 
subject to 15% CIT rate or in certain cases a reduced tax rate may apply. Bond interest received from / 
by collective investment undertaking shall not be taxed with Lithuanian CIT. Banks and credit unions, 
including branches of foreign banks in Lithuania shall pay additional 5% CIT on profits, subject to special 
calculation rules, exceeding EUR 2 million. In tax years of 2023 and 2024, so called “Temporary 
solidarity contribution” would also apply to the credit institutions (at a 60 % rate calculated on the part of 
net interest income that exceeds by more than 50 % the average net interest income of four financial 
years). 
Bond interest received by Lithuanian non-resident legal entity, which is registered or otherwise 
organized in a state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) or in a state with which Lithuania has 
concluded and brought into effect a DTT, will not be subject to the withholding tax in Lithuania. Other 
Lithuanian non-resident entities will be subject to the 10% withholding tax on Bond interest in Lithuania.  
In case the Issuer cannot identify the Bondholder in order to determine its eligibility for a lower tax rate 
or exemption from the withholding tax, payments of Bond interest to any such Bondholder will be subject 
to the standard 15% CIT rate to be withheld in Lithuania.  
In order to enjoy DTT benefits for Bond interest Lithuanian non-resident individuals or entities shall 
apply either (i) a reduced rate of PIT / CIT procedure (by completing and submitting DAS-1 form to 
the Company before the pay-out for each calendar year) or (ii) a special claim for a PIT / CIT refund 
(by completing and submitting DAS-2 form to the Lithuanian Tax Authorities).  
15.2. Latvian Tax Considerations 
The following is a general overview of the Latvian tax regime applicable to interest received and capital 
gains realised in Latvia as well as to acquisition and transfer of Bonds. 
Capital Gains from Sale or Exchange of Bonds. Capital gains on alienation of the Bonds received by 
Latvian resident individuals will be subject to Latvian PIT at a rate of 20%. The expenses of acquisition 
and holding of the Bonds are also included in the acquisition value of the Bonds. The respective resident 
individuals are liable for paying the applicable Latvian PIT. Income tax paid from the capital gains in a 
foreign state may be deducted from PIT payable in Latvia only if the taxpayer submits a certificate issued 
by the foreign tax administrator or withholding agent certifying the payment of income tax or another tax 
equivalent to income tax. The capital gains on exchange of the Bonds received by Latvian resident 
individuals will be subject to Latvian PIT only on the day when Latvian resident individuals receive the 
money (if Bonds are exchanged for other type of financial instrument, then taxation is postponed till the 
received financial instrument is sold).  
Capital gains earned in Latvia and foreign states (i.e., sourced inside and outside of Latvia) on alienation 
of the Bonds received by Latvian resident entities will not be included in resident entity’s taxable profit, 
yet profit distributions will be subject to Latvian CIT at a rate of 20% (tax base is divided by 0.8 and then 
the tax is applied at the rate of 20% resulting in the effective rate of 25%). 
Taxation of Interest. Payments of the Bond interest received by a Latvian resident individual will be 
subject to Latvian PIT at the rate of 20%. Income tax withheld abroad can be credited from the Latvian

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
income tax obligation based on the tax certificate showing the withheld amount, as issued by the relevant 
foreign withholder or tax authority. Payments of Bond interest received by: 
• 
a resident entity is not subject to the Latvian CIT, yet profit distributions are subject to Latvian CIT 
at a rate of 20% (effective CIT rate – 25%); 
• 
a non-resident entity is not subject to Latvian CIT. 
In Latvia corporate profits are not taxed until they are distributed. Latvian CIT is imposed at the level of 
the company making the distributions at the time when such profit distributions are made. Profit 
distributions are taxed at the rate of 20% of the gross amount of the distribution (effective CIT rate – 
25%).  Latvia further does not levy any withholding tax on dividends, interest or royalties, except where 
payable to persons resident in a statutory low or no tax country. 
Investment Account. Latvian resident individual may use an investment account (in Latvian: Ieguldījumu 
konts). An individual may carry out the transactions with the funds (including the Bonds) of the 
investment account and accounts associated with it within the framework of the investment account and 
accounts associated with it. The investment account has to be opened in a credit institution, its branch 
or a branch of a foreign credit institution, or a merchant which is in conformity with the Financial 
Instrument Market Law or regulation of the country of residence of the service provider equal thereto 
has obtained a license for the provision of the investment services, of Latvia or another Member State 
of the European Union, EEA state or Member State of the OECD, or the resident of such country with 
which Latvia has entered into a DTT. Payments of income, which is withdrawn from the investment 
account (i.e., the amount withdrawn from the account exceeds the amount which had been previously 
paid into the account) will be subject to Latvian PIT at the rate of 20%, to be withheld by the credit 
institution. Therefore, financial income held in the investment account may be reinvested tax-free until 
it is withdrawn from the account.  
15.3. Estonian Tax Considerations 
The following is a general overview of the Estonian tax regime applicable to interest received and capital 
gains realised in Estonia as well as to acquisition and transfer of Bonds. 
Capital Gains from Sale or Exchange of Bonds. Gains realised by an Estonian resident individual are 
taxable on a cash-basis. Upon the sale or exchange of securities (including the Bonds) gains are subject 
to income tax at the rate of 20% (22% as from 1 January 2025). Since all earnings of resident entity, 
including capital gains, are taxed only upon distribution of profits (at a rate of 20 % (22 % as from 1 
January 2025)), capital gains realised by resident entities are not subject to immediate taxation.  
Taxation of Interest. Estonian resident individuals are subject to paying income tax of 20% (22% as 
from 1 January 2025) on the interest received from loans, securities (including the Bonds) and other 
debt obligations. Therefore, interest (coupon payments) received by Estonian resident individuals from 
the Bonds is subject to income tax in Estonia. Income tax withheld abroad can be credited from the 
Estonian income tax obligation based on the tax certificate showing the withheld amount, as issued by 
the relevant foreign withholder or tax authority. Since all earnings of resident entities are taxed only 
upon distribution (at a rate of 20 % (22 % as from 1 January 2025), interest received by Estonian resident 
entities is not subject to immediate taxation.  
Investment Account. Estonian resident individuals may defer the taxation of their investment income by 
using an investment account (in Estonian: investeerimiskonto) for the purposes of making transactions 
with financial assets (including the Bonds). An investment account is a monetary account opened with 
the EEA or the OECD member state credit institution, through which the transactions with the financial 
assets, taxation of income from which (e.g., capital gains; interest, if paid by an Estonian-resident 
withholder, etc.) a person wants to defer, shall be made. The moment of taxation of the financial income 
held on an investment account is postponed until such income is withdrawn from the investment account

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(i.e., the amount withdrawn from the account exceeds the amount which had been previously paid into 
the account). Therefore, financial income held at the investment account may be reinvested tax-free 
until it is withdrawn from the account.  
Pension Investment Account. Estonian resident individuals who have decided to grow their Estonian 
mandatory funded pension (II Pillar) via pension investment account (PIA, in Estonian: pensioni 
investeerimiskonto), can also acquire the Bonds through PIA. Pension investment account is a separate 
bank account opened with an Estonian credit institution, which, on the one hand, is part of the mandatory 
funded pension system (incl. relevant benefits, such as additional contributions from the state), but on 
the other hand allows the person to make their own investment decisions. Like the ordinary investment 
account, PIA allows making of transactions with financial assets, whereas taxation of income from such 
assets (e.g., capital gains from the Bonds; interest, if paid by an Estonian-resident withholder) is deferred 
until income is withdrawn from PIA. Monetary means withdrawn from PIA are, generally, taxed at a 20% 
income tax rate (22% as from 1 January 2025), unless withdrawn after reaching the retirement age, in 
which case a 10% income tax rate or a tax exemption (depending on the method of payment) applies.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
COMPANY 
UAB "Kvartalas" 
(Jogailos st. 4, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania) 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
”Swedbank”, AB  
(Konstitucijos av. 20A, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania) 
 
 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO COMPANY 
Ellex Valiunas 
(Jogailos st. 9, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania) 
 
AUDITORS 
For 2022-2023 
UAB “KPMG Baltics“  
(Lvivo st. 101, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania)