--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE EITHER (1) 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS ("QIBs") PURCHASING THE NOTES DESCRIBED 
THEREIN (THE "NOTES") IN RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), PROVIDED BY RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") 
OR (2) NON-U.S. PERSONS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES PURCHASING THE 
NOTES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S"), AND IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED 
STATES. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer 
applies to the attached document and you are therefore advised to read this disclaimer page carefully before 
reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached document. In reading or accessing the attached 
document, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to 
them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such access and you 
acknowledge that UBS AG together with its subsidiaries ("UBS") and their respective affiliates and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the following representations, acknowledgements and agreements. 
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS DESCRIBED IN THIS DISCLAIMER, YOU MAY NOT 
OPEN, READ, ACCESS OR MAKE ANY OTHER USE OF THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION, THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT AND/OR ANY 
RELATED TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF NOTES FOR SALE IN ANY 
JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION AND THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT MAY ONLY BE 
DISTRIBUTED IN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS" AS DEFINED IN, AND PERMITTED BY, 
REGULATION S OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO QIBs PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR 
PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION AND/OR THE ATTACHED 
DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS 
NOTICE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND/OR THE APPLICABLE 
LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A TO A PERSON 
THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS 
A QIB OR (2) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S AND IN 
EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OF 
THE UNITED STATES. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that the seller of any Note may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
This electronic transmission, the attached document and any related transmission are addressed to and 
directed only at persons in member states of the European Economic Area ("EEA") who are qualified 
investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ("Qualified Investors"). This 
electronic transmission and the attached document must not be acted on or relied on in any member state 
of the EEA, by persons who are not Qualified Investors. Any investment or investment activity to which 
this electronic transmission and the attached document relate is available only to Qualified Investors in any 
member state of the EEA, and will be engaged in only with such persons. 
Within the United Kingdom, this electronic transmission, the attached document and any related 
transmission are addressed only to and directed only at (i) investment professionals falling within Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order (the "Order") or (ii) 
high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article

--- Page 2 ---
49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons in (i) and (ii) above together being referred to as "relevant 
persons"). Any investment or investment activity to which this electronic transmission and the attached 
document relate will only be available to and will only be engaged with, relevant persons. Any person who 
is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this electronic transmission, the attached document or any 
of their respective contents. 
The attached document is being furnished to you solely for your information and may not be forwarded, 
reproduced, redistributed or passed on in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, to any other person. The 
distribution of the attached document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into 
whose possession the attached document comes should inform themselves about, and observe any such 
restrictions. Failure to comply with this notice may result in a violation of the Securities Act, or the 
applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
Confirmation of Your Representation: This electronic transmission and the attached document are 
delivered to you on the basis that you are deemed to have represented to UBS and each of UBS AG London 
Branch, UBS Europe SE, UBS Securities LLC and UBS AG (collectively, the "Dealers") that you 
understand and agree to the terms set out herein and (i) you are a QIB and you are acquiring the Notes for 
your own account and/or for the account of another QIB; or (ii) you are a non-U.S. person that is outside 
the United States for the purposes of Regulation S and (a) if you are a person in a member state of the EEA, 
you are a Qualified Investor and/or a Qualified Investor acting on behalf of Qualified Investors, to the extent 
that you are acting on behalf of persons or entities in the EEA or (b) if you are a person in the United 
Kingdom, you are a relevant person and/or a relevant person acting on behalf of relevant persons, to the 
extent that you are acting on behalf of persons or entities in the United Kingdom. You shall also be deemed 
to have represented to UBS and each of the Dealers that you consent to delivery by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that you have received this electronic transmission and the attached document on the 
basis that you are a person into whose possession the attached document may be lawfully delivered in 
accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not nor are you authorised 
to deliver the attached document, electronically or otherwise, to any other person. If you receive the attached 
document by e-mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail 
communications, including those you generate by using the "Reply" function on your e-mail software, will 
be ignored or rejected. If you receive the attached document in electronic format by e-mail, your use of 
such attached document in electronic format and e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to 
take precautions to ensure that each is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering to which this electronic transmission and the attached document 
relates be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any Dealer or any affiliate of a Dealer is a licensed broker 
or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by such Dealer or affiliate on behalf 
of UBS in such jurisdiction. 
The attached document has been sent to you in electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of transmission and consequently 
neither UBS nor any person who controls it or any director, officer, employee or agent of it, nor any affiliate 
of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between 
the attached document distributed to you in electronic format and any hard copy version that will be made 
available to you by UBS upon request. 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO ANY JURISDICTION IN 
WHICH OFFERS OR SALES OF NOTES WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY LAW.

--- Page 3 ---
Dated 14 June 2024 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
UBS AG 
(incorporated with limited liability in Switzerland) 
Euro Note Programme 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
Arranger 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK

--- Page 4 ---
- i - 
 
 
Under this Euro Note Programme (the "Programme"), UBS AG (the "Issuer") (acting through its head 
offices in Basel and Zurich ("UBS Head Office") or its London branch ("UBS AG London Branch"), 
Jersey branch ("UBS AG Jersey Branch"), Australian branch ("UBS AG Australia Branch"), Hong Kong 
branch ("UBS AG Hong Kong Branch"), or any of its other branches outside Switzerland as it may from 
time to time determine (each a "Branch")) may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Issuer together 
with its subsidiaries is referred to herein as the "UBS AG Group"; and UBS Group AG (which is the 
holding company of the Issuer) and its subsidiaries (including the Issuer and its subsidiaries) is referred to 
herein as "UBS", the "UBS Group" or the "Group". 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with 
regard to the Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the period of 12 
months after the date hereof. The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes 
issued under the Programme within 12 months after the date hereof and which are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or 
which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
There can be no assurance that any such admission to trading will be obtained. Application has been made 
to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application will be made to list the Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). The Central Bank of Ireland has been requested to 
provide the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") (in its capacity as 
Luxembourg's competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) with a certificate of 
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this document as Base Listing Particulars 
(the "Base Listing Particulars"). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the 
official list and to trading on the global exchange market (the "Global Exchange Market") which is the 
exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
In addition, application will be made to list the Notes issued under the Programme on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market is not a 
"regulated market" for the purposes of MiFID II. 
For each issue of Notes under the Programme which will require a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, final terms which contain the information required to complete this Base Prospectus for the 
relevant issue (each a "Final Terms"), or a separate prospectus specific to such issue of Notes (each a 
"Drawdown Prospectus"), will be prepared. 
For each issue of Notes which will not require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant 
pricing supplement specific to such issue of Notes will be prepared using one of the two forms contained 
in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (see "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" and "Pro Forma 
Alternative Pricing Supplement" below), as elected by the Issuer (each a "Pricing Supplement"). In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement, each 
reference herein to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 5 ---
- ii - 
 
 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers (the "Dealers") named under "Selling Restrictions" that this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars contains all necessary information with regard to it and its subsidiaries 
which is (in the context of the Programme or the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material to an investor 
for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and 
prospects of itself and its subsidiaries of the rights attached to such Notes and the reasons for the issuance 
of such Notes and the impact of such issuance on itself, as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has also confirmed to the Dealers that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and not misleading; (ii) there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars the omission of which would, in 
the context of the issue of the Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars 
(as applicable) misleading in any material respect; and (iii) all reasonable enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third-party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
UBS AG is both acting as the Issuer and acting as Dealer (through UBS AG and UBS AG London 
Branch) under the Programme. UBS Europe SE and UBS Securities LLC are wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of UBS AG and are acting as Dealers under the Programme. Consequently, UBS AG as 
the Issuer is a "related issuer" of UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch, UBS Europe SE and UBS 
Securities LLC within the meaning of the Canadian National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts in connection with a distribution of the Notes in which such entity is acting as a Dealer. The 
determination of the terms of the distribution will be negotiated between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers 
at the time of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
UBS AG Australia Branch is regulated as a foreign authorised deposit-taking institution ("Foreign ADI") 
for the purposes of the Banking Act of Australia 1959 ("Australian Banking Act"). The depositor 
protection provisions of Division 2 of Part II of the Australian Banking Act do not apply to the Issuer 
(including UBS AG Australia Branch). The Notes are neither "protected accounts" nor "deposit liabilities" 
within the meaning of the Australian Banking Act. However, under section 11F of the Australian Banking 
Act, if the Issuer (whether in or outside Australia) suspends payment or becomes unable to meet its 
obligations, the assets of the Issuer in Australia are to be available to meet its liabilities in Australia 
(including where those liabilities are in respect of the Notes) in priority to all other liabilities of the Issuer. 
Further, under section 86 of the Reserve Bank Act 1959 of Australia, debts due by the Issuer to the Reserve 
Bank of Australia shall in a winding-up of the Issuer have priority over all other debts of the Issuer. 
On 5 March 2018, the Financial Sector Legislation Amendment (Crisis Resolution Powers and Other 
Measures) Act 2018 of Australia (the "Crisis Management Act") came into effect. The Crisis Management 
Act amends the Australian Banking Act (among other statutes applicable to financial institutions in 
Australia) and is intended to enhance the powers of the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority 
("APRA"). Specifically, the Crisis Management Act enhances APRA's powers to facilitate the orderly 
resolution of the entities it regulates, including Foreign ADIs, in times of distress. 
Under the Australian Banking Act as amended by the Crisis Management Act, APRA may appoint a 
Banking Act statutory manager (as defined in the Australian Banking Act) to a Foreign ADI (of which UBS 
AG Australia Branch is one) in certain circumstances, including where APRA considers that the Foreign 
ADI may become unable to meet its obligations or may suspend payment and where certain steps have been 
taken to appoint an external administrator (or similar) in respect of the Foreign ADI in a foreign country. 
APRA's powers to appoint a Banking Act statutory manager do not apply to the business of a Foreign ADI 
(other than the Australian business assets and liabilities) or the management of the Foreign ADI to the 
extent that the management relates to such business of the foreign ADI. 
WARNING: The contents of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars have not been reviewed 
by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Investors are advised to exercise caution in relation to

--- Page 6 ---
- iii - 
 
 
any offer of Notes. If an investor is in any doubt about any of the contents of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars, the investor should obtain independent professional advice. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
UNAUTHORISED INFORMATION 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the 
public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or 
any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) 
in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) 
should be considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers, that any recipient of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and any Final Terms and the offer, sale 
and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any 
Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Selling Restrictions" and the relevant 
Final Terms. Neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any Final Terms may be used for

--- Page 7 ---
- iv - 
 
 
the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has not been, nor will be, lodged with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission and is not a 'prospectus' or other 'disclosure document' for the 
purposes of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the "Corporations Act"). 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and may include Notes in bearer or uncertificated form that are subject to United States 
tax law requirements. Accordingly, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold (A) if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in registered 
form in the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") only (as defined in Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in reliance on Rule 144A and/or (B) in registered, bearer or uncertificated 
form outside the United States to non-U.S. persons only (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) in reliance on Regulation S, provided that Notes eligible for sale in the United 
States to QIBs and to persons that are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be in registered 
form and will initially be represented by a single unified global note (a "Unified Global Note"). Prospective 
purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions 
of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See "Selling Restrictions". 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER UNITED STATES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR 
ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF THE NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS/BASE LISTING PARTICULARS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED 
STATES. 
For as long as any of the Registered Notes (as defined below) remain outstanding and are "restricted 
securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has agreed that it will, 
during any period in which it is neither subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, furnish, upon request, to any person in whose name such 
restricted securities are registered, to any owner of a beneficial interest in such restricted securities, and to 
any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities or beneficial interest therein designated by any such 
person or beneficial owner, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition on sales to EEA 
retail investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
- v - 
 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition on sales to UK 
retail investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of 
UBS AG London Branch (the "Arranger"), the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms, or elsewhere as deemed appropriate, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II product governance", which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MIFIR / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the 
appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 9 ---
- vi - 
 
 
IMPORTANT – NOTES ARE NOT BANK DEPOSITS 
The Notes are not bank deposits: An investment in the Notes carries risks which are very different from the 
risk profile of a bank deposit placed with UBS or its affiliates. The Notes may have different yield, liquidity 
and risk profiles and would not benefit from any protection provided to deposits. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
(v) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets. For example: 
• 
a potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's 
overall investment portfolio; 
• 
an investment in Notes bearing a fixed rate of interest involves the risk that, if market 
interest rates subsequently increase above the relevant rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, 
this will adversely affect the value of such Notes; 
• 
the market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities; and 
• 
if the interest or redemption amount of a Tranche of Notes is linked to an index, formula 
or other variable (each a "Relevant Factor") or may be paid in one or more currencies 
which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated, potential 
investors in such Notes should be aware of the following and that there is a risk that any 
investor may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different 
currency than expected; 
(iv) 
the amount of principal payable at redemption may be less than the nominal 
amount of such Notes or even zero;

--- Page 10 ---
- vii - 
 
 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the 
Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the 
earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined below in "Use of Proceeds") or makes any representation 
or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") 
and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and 
optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds 
(the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in 
the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to 
time.  None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure 
that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Assets (as defined below) to allow for allocation of a sum equal 
to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the UBS Green Funding Framework 
(as defined below in "Use of Proceeds") including the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in 
relation to Green Bonds set out in therein. 
UBS has appointed Sustainalytics as an independent assurance provider to provide a second party opinion 
on the UBS Green Funding Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides 
an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security.  The Second Party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued.  The criteria and/or considerations 
that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at 
any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein.  The UBS Green Funding Framework may also be 
subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn 
from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. The UBS Green Funding Framework, the Second Party Opinion and 
any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
- viii - 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
All references in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars to: 
• 
"Australia" are to the Commonwealth of Australia; 
• 
"Australian dollars", "AUD" and "A$" are to the currency of Australia; 
• 
"Canadian dollars" and "CAD" are to the currency of Canada; 
• 
"China" and the "PRC" are to the People's Republic of China and for geographical reference only 
(unless otherwise stated) exclude Taiwan, Macau and Hong Kong; 
• 
the "EEA" are to the European Economic Area; 
• 
the "EU" are to the European Union; 
• 
"Euro", "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of the Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro as amended; 
• 
"HK$" and "Hong Kong dollars" are to the currency of Hong Kong; 
• 
"Hong Kong" are to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
• 
"Japanese Yen" and "JPY" are to the currency of Japan; 
• 
a "Member State" are to a Member State of the EEA; 
• 
"Pound sterling" and "GBP" are to the currency of the United Kingdom; 
• 
the "Prospectus Regulation" are to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, and include any relevant 
implementing measure in the Member State; 
• 
"Renminbi" and "CNY" are to the currency of the PRC; 
• 
"Singapore" are to the Republic of Singapore; 
• 
"Swiss francs" and "CHF" are to the currency of Switzerland; 
• 
"Switzerland" are to the Swiss Confederation; 
• 
the "UK" or "United Kingdom" are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
• 
the "United States", "US" or "U.S." are to the United States of America; and 
• 
"United States dollars", "U.S. dollars", "USD" and "US$" are to the currency of the United States 
of America. 
Additionally, references to: 
• 
"Credit Suisse Group" are to Credit Suisse Group AG together with its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries prior to UBS's acquisition of Credit Suisse Group AG; and 
• 
"Credit Suisse" are to the former direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries of Credit Suisse 
Group AG now held directly or indirectly by UBS Group AG. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded 
or re-enacted.

--- Page 12 ---
- ix - 
 
 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules and, in particular, must not be 
conducted in Australia or on a market operated inside Australia. Any loss or profit sustained as a 
consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilisation shall, as against the Issuer, be for the account 
of the Stabilisation Manager(s). 
CREDIT RATINGS 
Details of the solicited credit ratings assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") to UBS AG can be found 
in the section of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars headed "Description of UBS AG". 
Moody's is established in the UK, is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") and currently appears on the 
list of credit rating agencies registered or certified with the Financial Conduct Authority published on its 
website. Ratings given by Moody's are endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in 
the EEA, is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
currently appears on the list of credit ratings agencies published by ESMA on its website. S&P and Fitch 
are established in the EEA, are registered under the EU CRA Regulation and currently appear on the list of 
credit ratings agencies published by ESMA referred to above. Ratings given by S&P and Fitch are endorsed 
by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, which are established 
in the UK, registered under the UK CRA Regulation and currently appear on the list of credit rating agencies 
registered or certified with the FCA referred to above. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a rating has been solicited 
for a particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to 
UBS AG from time to time or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes is (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA or the UK and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA or the UK but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA

--- Page 13 ---
- x - 
 
 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" within the 
meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor 
or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations 
Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled to receive 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and anyone who receives this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to receive it. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. See "Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Notes – Risks Relating to the Notes Generally – Ratings" for a description of risks 
relating to credit ratings.

--- Page 14 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME IN RELATION TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER FINAL 
TERMS......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME IN RELATION TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER A PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................................... 43 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 55 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ................................................................................................ 62 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 137 
DESCRIPTION OF UBS AG .................................................................................................................. 139 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 153 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................ 176 
PRO FORMA ALTERNATIVE PRICING SUPPLEMENT .................................................................... 206 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 238 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................................................................................................... 257 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 268 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 278

--- Page 15 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME IN RELATION TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER FINAL 
TERMS 
The following information is only an overview of the key features of the Programme and is solely in respect 
of any Notes which will be issued under the Programme pursuant to the relevant Final Terms and which 
will require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. To determine the terms and conditions which 
apply to any issue of Notes it is necessary to read the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", the "General 
Terms and Conditions" and the relevant Final Terms which will complete such terms and conditions. 
The relevant Final Terms for the Notes will be prepared using the form contained in this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (see "Pro Forma Final Terms"). 
Issuer 
UBS AG (the "Issuer"), acting through its head offices in Basel and 
Zurich ("UBS Head Office") or its London branch, Jersey branch, 
Australian branch, Hong Kong branch or any of its other branches 
outside Switzerland as it shall determine from time to time (the 
London branch, Jersey branch, Australian branch, Hong Kong branch 
or such other branch, a "Branch"). 
Arranger  
UBS AG London Branch 
Dealers 
UBS AG London Branch 
UBS Europe SE 
UBS Securities LLC 
UBS AG 
Other dealers may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally for the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or 
Tranche of Notes. 
Agents 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association 
UBS AG 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS Europe SE 
Luxembourg Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Irish Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS AG 
Registrars 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association 
UBS AG 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS Europe SE

--- Page 16 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Alternative Agents, Paying 
Agents and Registrars 
If another Person is appointed as Agent, Paying Agent or Registrar in 
respect of a particular Series of Notes, such Person will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Programme Amount 
The aggregate nominal amount outstanding under the Programme at 
any time is unlimited. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered 
form ("Registered Notes") or in uncertificated form. 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes may be issued in global form or 
definitive form. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Bearer Notes may be exchanged for Registered Notes; 
however, Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
The term "Notes" refers to Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Notes in 
definitive or global form and Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes (as 
defined below). 
 
Notes that are deposited with, or registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of, SIS SIX Ltd ("SIS") or such other intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange (or such other applicable trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, if applicable) for purposes 
of article 6(1)(c) of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 
3 October 2008, as amended (the "FISA") (the "SIS Note 
Intermediary") (such Notes, "SIS Notes") will be (i) in the case of 
SIS Notes issued by a Branch, Bearer Notes ("Bearer SIS Notes"), (ii) 
in the case of SIS Notes issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG, London 
Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch, issued in uncertificated form 
("Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes").  
Bearer Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, each Tranche 
of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) may initially be 
represented by any one or more of (i) one or more temporary global 
Notes or, (ii) one or more permanent global Notes which will be issued 
in new global note ("New Global Note" of "NGN") form. If the 
relevant Final Terms specifies that the New Global Note form is not 
applicable, then the Bearer Note will be a classic global note ("Classic 
Global Note" or "CGN"). In the case of Bearer Notes initially 
represented by a temporary or permanent global Note (each a "Global 
Note"), if the relevant Final Terms specifies that the New Global Note 
form is not applicable, the global Note will be deposited with a 
depositary for one, or a common depositary for more than one, 
clearing system, including Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, 
Clearstream Frankfurt and SIS. Otherwise, if the relevant Final Terms 
specifies that the New Global Note form is applicable, each global 
Note will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system. Temporary global Notes 
will be exchanged for either (i) a permanent global Note which will be 
held by a depositary for one, or a common depositary or common 
safekeeper for more than one, clearing system or (ii) definitive Notes, 
in accordance with the provisions set out in the relevant temporary 
global Note. A permanent global Note may be exchanged for 
definitive Notes only in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
relevant permanent global Note. Bearer Notes are subject to US tax 
law requirements. See "Selling Restrictions" below.

--- Page 17 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
Notes that are initially deposited with a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear, 
Clearstream Luxembourg, or any accounts held with other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other 
clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems. 
Each Tranche of Bearer SIS Notes will be represented exclusively by 
a permanent global Note (Globalurkunde auf Dauer) which shall be 
deposited with SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. The permanent 
global Note will only be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Notes if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after 
consultation with the Issuer, that the printing of definitive Notes is 
necessary or useful, or the presentation of definitive Notes is required 
by applicable laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement 
of the rights of noteholders. Neither the Issuer nor any holder of Bearer 
SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of the permanent global Note documenting such Bearer 
SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities 
(Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes which are sold in reliance on Regulation S, will 
initially be represented by one or more unrestricted global notes 
("Unrestricted Global Note") which will either be: (a) in the case of 
a Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary or 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and any 
relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with a custodian for DTC; or (b) in the case of a Note to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the 
name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 144A will initially be 
represented by one or more permanent global restricted registered 
Notes (each, a "Restricted Global Note" and together with any 
Unrestricted Global Notes, the "Global Registered Notes"), without 
Coupons or Talons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC or, subject 
to compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and clearing system 
requirements, deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Notes eligible for sale in the United States to QIBs and to persons that 
are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will initially be in 
registered form and may be represented by a single unified global note 
(each, a "Unified Global Note") which will be deposited with, and 
registered in the name of, a common depository (or its nominee) on 
behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg.

--- Page 18 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
References herein to a "Global Note Certificate" include, as the 
context so requires, an Unrestricted Global Note, a Restricted Global 
Note and/or a Unified Global Note. 
The Registered Notes are constituted by the Deed of Covenant. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS 
Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S only. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated 
securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c 
of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer 
by means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch), 
and 
be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. Neither the 
Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note nor any 
third party will at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note into, or the delivery 
of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually 
certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Series and Tranches 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches of Notes issued on different issue dates 
(each a "Tranche"). The Notes of each Tranche will have identical 
terms and conditions; however, except in the case of SIS Notes, a 
Tranche may comprise Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered 
form. Other than the issue date, the issue price and the date for the first 
payment of interest, the Notes of each Series will have identical terms, 
however, except in the case of SIS Notes, a Series may comprise Notes 
in bearer form and Notes in registered form. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount or premium to par and 
either on a fully or partly paid basis. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance with all relevant legal or 
regulatory requirements. 
Multi-Currency Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be denominated in one currency and 
payments in relation to the Notes may be made in one or more 
different currencies. 
Denominations 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public either in a 
Member State or in the UK in circumstances which would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus under either the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) and (ii) Notes in registered form 
sold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be issued in denominations of at 
least US$100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency rounded 
upwards as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and higher integral 
multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its equivalent as aforesaid). 
Maturity of Notes 
The Notes may be issued with any maturity subject to compliance with 
all relevant legal or regulatory requirements.

--- Page 19 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
The minimum maturity for Subordinated Notes (as defined below) is 5 
years. 
Redemption 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other redemption amount 
above or below par as may be determined by the Issuer. 
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons and other 
reasons as specified in the General Terms and Conditions and, subject 
to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements, will otherwise be 
permitted at the option of the Issuer or a Noteholder to the extent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest 
Notes may or may not bear interest. Interest (if any) may be at a fixed 
rate, floating rate or fixed rate/floating rate and may vary during the 
lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes which are "Fixed Rate Notes" will bear interest payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and at maturity. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes which are "Floating Rate Notes" will bear interest by reference 
to such reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest Periods will be 
selected by the Issuer prior to issue and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes 
Notes which are "Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes" will initially bear 
interest at the fixed rate specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
thereafter, the interest rate will convert to a floating rate, which rate 
will be determined on the basis of the reference rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and reset on the date or dates specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as adjusted for any applicable Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). Such floating rate may be 
subject to maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both.  
Status 
The Notes and Coupons are unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Notes 
may be senior notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated notes 
("Subordinated Notes") as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Senior Notes 
Except as may be provided by any legislation, the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under Senior Notes and their Coupons will at all times 
rank equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Subordinated Notes and 
their Coupons will at all times rank equally with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer other than subordinated obligations which are 
expressed to rank junior to the Notes. 
Substitution of the Issuer and 
Issuing Branch Substitution 
The Issuer may, at its option and having given notice to the 
Noteholders, designate, without the consent of any Noteholders, an 
Affiliate (as defined below) to assume liability for the due and 
punctual payment of all payments on all Notes then outstanding in the 
relevant Series and the performance of all the Issuer's other obligations 
under all the Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series, the 
applicable Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
 
Prior to any such substitution of the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option 
and having given notice to the Noteholders, (i) cease to make 
payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due under all

--- Page 20 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series and fulfil any of its other 
obligations and exercise any of its rights and powers in respect of, or 
arising under, all Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series through 
the Branch or the UBS Head Office, as applicable, through which it is 
acting at the time of the relevant notice, and (ii) commence making 
such payments, fulfilling such other obligations and exercising such 
powers and rights through another Branch or the UBS Head Office (if 
the Issuer was not acting through the UBS Head Office at the time of 
the relevant notice). 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of future 
taxes, duties or other withholdings imposed by or in (i) in the case of 
Notes issued through a Branch, the location of the relevant Branch, (ii) 
Switzerland and (iii) any other jurisdiction in which the Issuer is or 
becomes subject to tax unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. If such taxes are required to be withheld or deducted, 
the Issuer will pay additional amounts in respect of the Notes subject 
to the customary exceptions. 
In the case of Notes issued by UBS Head Office, these exceptions 
include the Swiss federal withholding tax (which, as at the date of this 
Base Listing Particulars, is set at a rate of 35 per cent.) to which all 
payments of interest on such Notes will be subject, and no additional 
amounts shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of any such withholding. 
The holder of any such Note residing in Switzerland who, at the time 
the payment of interest is due, is the beneficial recipient of the 
payment of interest and who duly reports the gross payment of interest 
in his or her tax return and, as the case may be, in the statement of 
income, is entitled to a full refund of or a full tax credit for the Swiss 
federal withholding tax. A holder of any such Note who is not resident 
in Switzerland may be able to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss 
federal withholding tax by virtue of provisions of an applicable double 
taxation treaty, if any, between Switzerland and the country of 
residence of such holder. 
ERISA 
In certain circumstances Benefit Plan Investors may purchase or hold 
Notes (or an interest therein). See "ERISA and Related 
Considerations". 
Listing/Admission to 
Trading 
Each Series may be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or may be 
unlisted. Notes may also be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange or admitted to trading and/or listed on any other 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by English law. 
The Notes (other than SIS Notes) and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than SIS Notes)

--- Page 21 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
are governed by English law, except for, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Condition 5(b) (Status of the Notes − Subordinated Notes), 
which is governed by Swiss law. 
The SIS Notes are governed by Swiss law. 
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions 
The Notes are subject to restrictions on their offer, sale, delivery and 
transfer, as described under "Selling Restrictions" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
Further restrictions may be required in connection with particular 
Series or Tranches of Notes, and, if so, will be specified in the 
documentation relating to the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Enforcement of Bearer Notes 
in Global Form 
In the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) in global 
form, held in a clearing system, investors will have certain direct rights 
of enforcement against the Issuer in the event of such global note 
becoming void ("Direct Rights"). The Direct Rights are contained in 
a Deed of Covenant executed by the Issuer, copies of which are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the office of 
the relevant Agent. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC, Clearstream Frankfurt, 
SIS, the CMU and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Rule 144A 
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A will be permitted, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
relevant, legal and regulatory requirements of the United States of 
America. 
Use of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Series or Tranche of Notes (i) when 
issued by the Issuer acting through any Branch, will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, in each case 
outside Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the 
Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without payments in 
respect of the Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for 
Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland or (ii) when issued by UBS Head Office, will be used by 
the Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group. If, in respect 
of any Series or Tranche of Notes, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, for example the Notes are issued as "Green Bonds", this 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Please see "Use of 
Proceeds".

--- Page 22 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The risk factors described in this section relate to issuances of Notes under both this Base Prospectus and 
this Base Listing Particulars. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein). Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" and "General Terms and Conditions" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. In addition, 
the purchase of certain Notes may involve substantial risks and be suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks 
and the merits of an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should make such inquiries as they deem 
necessary without relying on the Issuer or any Dealer and should consult with their financial, tax, legal, 
accounting and other advisers, prior to deciding to make an investment in the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO UBS AG GROUP 
Certain risks, including those described below, may affect the ability of the UBS AG Group to execute its 
strategy or its business activities, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The UBS AG 
Group is inherently exposed to multiple risks, many of which may become apparent only with the benefit of 
hindsight. As a result, risks that it does not consider to be material, or of which it is not currently aware, 
could also adversely affect it. Within each category, the risks that the UBS AG Group considers to be most 
material are presented first. 
The Issuer has assessed materiality on a qualitative basis considering potential magnitude of the negative 
effects on the Issuer from the occurrence of a risk and the probability of occurrence of that risk. The Issuer 
believes the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in securities 
issued by UBS AG as Issuer, based on management's assessment of the information currently known. 
Strategy, management and operational risks 
UBS's acquisition of Credit Suisse Group AG exposes the UBS AG Group to heightened litigation risk 
and regulatory scrutiny and entails significant additional costs, liabilities and business integration risks 
that affect UBS AG 
UBS Group AG acquired Credit Suisse Group AG under exceptional circumstances of volatile financial 
markets and the continued outflows and deteriorating overall financial position of Credit Suisse, in order to 
avert a failure of Credit Suisse and thus damage to the Swiss financial centre and to global financial stability. 
The acquisition was effected through a merger of Credit Suisse Group AG with and into UBS Group AG, 
with UBS Group AG succeeding to all assets and all liabilities of Credit Suisse Group AG, becoming the 
direct or indirect shareholder of the former direct and indirect subsidiaries of Credit Suisse Group AG. 
Therefore, on a consolidated basis, all assets, risks and liabilities of the Credit Suisse Group became a part 
of the UBS Group. This includes all ongoing and future litigation, regulatory and similar matters arising 
out of the business of the Credit Suisse Group, thereby materially increasing UBS's exposure to litigation 
and investigation risks, as described in further detail below. 
The UBS AG Group has incurred substantial transaction fees and costs in connection with the transaction 
and will continue to incur substantial integration and restructuring costs. In addition, the UBS AG Group 
may not realise all of the expected cost reductions and other benefits of the transaction. The UBS AG Group 
may not be able to successfully execute its strategic plans or to achieve the expected benefits of the 
acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group. The success of the transaction, including anticipated benefits and 
cost savings, will depend, in part, on the ability to successfully integrate the operations of both firms rapidly 
and effectively, while maintaining stability of operations and high levels of service to customers of the 
combined franchise. 
The ability of the UBS AG Group to successfully integrate Credit Suisse will depend on a number of factors, 
some of which are outside of its control, including its ability to: 
• 
combine the operations of the two firms in a manner that preserves client service, simplifies 
infrastructure and results in operating cost savings; 
• 
reverse outflows of deposits and client invested assets at Credit Suisse, particularly in its Wealth

--- Page 23 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Management division and in Switzerland and to attract additional deposits and other client assets 
to the combined firm; 
• 
achieve cost reductions at the levels and in the time frame it plans; 
• 
enhance, integrate and, where necessary, remediate risk management and financial control and 
other systems and frameworks, including to remediate the material weaknesses in Credit Suisse's 
internal controls over financial reporting; 
• 
simplify the legal structure of the combined firm in an expedited manner, through the merger of 
UBS AG and Credit Suisse AG and the planned merger of UBS Switzerland AG and Credit Suisse 
(Schweiz) AG, as well as the creation of a single intermediate holding company for the combined 
firm in the US, other entity mergers and consolidations and asset dispositions, including obtaining 
regulatory approvals and licences required to implement such changes; 
• 
retain staff and to reverse attrition of staff in certain of Credit Suisse's business areas; 
• 
successfully execute the wind-down of the assets and liabilities in its Non-core and Legacy division 
and release capital and resources for other purposes; and 
• 
resolve outstanding litigation, regulatory and similar matters, including matters relating to Credit 
Suisse, on terms that are not significantly adverse to the UBS AG Group, as well as to successfully 
remediate outstanding regulatory and supervisory matters and meet other regulatory commitments. 
Further investigation and planning for integration is taking place, and risks that the UBS AG Group does 
not currently consider to be material, or of which it is not currently aware, could also adversely affect it. 
The level of success in the absorption of Credit Suisse, in the integration of the two groups and their 
businesses, particularly in the area of the Swiss domestic bank, as well as the domestic and international 
wealth management businesses, the execution of the planned strategy regarding cost reductions and 
divestment of any non-core assets, and the level of resulting impairments and write-downs, may impact the 
operational results, share price and the credit rating of UBS entities. The past financial performance of each 
of UBS Group AG and Credit Suisse may not be indicative of their future financial performance. The 
combined Group will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating 
its business practices and support functions. The diversion of management's attention and any delays or 
difficulties encountered in connection with the transaction and the coordination of the two companies' 
operations could have an adverse effect on the business, financial results, financial condition or the share 
price of the combined Group following the transaction. The coordination process may also result in 
additional and unforeseen expenses. 
The reputation of UBS AG Group is critical to its success 
The reputation of the UBS AG Group is critical to the success of its strategic plans, business and prospects. 
Reputational damage is difficult to reverse, and improvements tend to be slow and difficult to measure. In 
the past, the reputation of the UBS AG Group has been adversely affected by its losses during the 2008 
financial crisis, investigations into its cross-border private banking services, criminal resolutions of London 
Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR") related and foreign exchange matters, as well as other matters. The 
UBS AG Group believes that reputational damage as a result of these events was an important factor in its 
loss of clients and client assets across its asset-gathering businesses. The Credit Suisse Group was more 
recently subject to significant litigation and regulatory matters and to financial losses that adversely affected 
its reputation and the confidence of clients, which played a significant role in the events leading to the 
acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group in March 2023. These events, or new events that cause reputational 
damage could have a material adverse effect on the UBS AG Group's results of operation and financial 
condition, as well as its ability to achieve its strategic goals and financial targets. 
Operational risks affect the business of the UBS AG Group 
The businesses of the UBS AG Group depend on its ability to process a large number of transactions, many 
of which are complex, across multiple and diverse markets in different currencies, to comply with 
requirements of many different legal and regulatory regimes to which it is subject and to prevent, or 
promptly detect and stop, unauthorised, fictitious or fraudulent transactions. The UBS AG Group also relies

--- Page 24 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
on access to, and on the functioning of, systems maintained by third parties, including clearing systems, 
exchanges, information processors and central counterparties. Any failure of its or third-party systems could 
have an adverse effect on the UBS AG Group. These risks may be greater as the UBS AG Group deploys 
newer technologies, such as blockchain, or processes, platforms or products that rely on these technologies. 
The operational risk management and control systems and processes of the UBS AG Group are designed 
to help ensure that the risks associated with its activities – including those arising from process error, failed 
execution, misconduct, unauthorised trading, fraud, system failures, financial crime, cyberattacks, breaches 
of information security, inadequate or ineffective access controls and failure of security and physical 
protection – are appropriately controlled. If the UBS AG Group's internal controls fail or prove ineffective 
in identifying and remedying these risks, it could suffer operational failures that might result in material 
losses, such as the substantial loss it incurred from the unauthorised trading incident announced in 
September 2011. The acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group may elevate these risks, particularly during 
the first phases of integration, as the firms have historically operated under different procedures, IT systems, 
risk policies and structures of governance. 
As a significant proportion of the UBS AG Group's staff have been and will continue working from outside 
the office, it has faced, and will continue to face, new challenges and operational risks, including 
maintenance of supervisory and surveillance controls, as well as increased fraud and data security risks. 
While the UBS AG Group has taken measures to manage these risks, these measures could prove not to be 
effective. 
The UBS AG Group uses automation as part of its efforts to improve efficiency, reduce the risk of error 
and improve its client experience. The UBS AG Group intends to expand the use of robotic processing, 
machine learning and artificial intelligence ("AI") to further these goals. Use of these tools presents their 
own risks, including the need for effective design and testing; the quality of the data used for development 
and operation of machine learning and AI tools may adversely affect their functioning and result in errors 
and other operational risks. 
Financial services firms have increasingly been subject to breaches of security and to cyber- and other 
forms of attack, some of which are sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to gain access to confidential 
information or systems, disrupt service or steal or destroy data, which may result in business disruption or 
the corruption or loss of data at the locations of the UBS AG Group or those of third parties. Cyberattacks 
by hackers, terrorists, criminal organisations, nation states and extremists have also increased in frequency 
and sophistication. Current geopolitical tensions have also led to increased risk of cyberattack from foreign 
state actors. In particular, the Russia-Ukraine war and the imposition of significant sanctions on Russia by 
Switzerland, the US, the EU, the UK and others has resulted and may continue to result in an increase in 
the risk of cyberattacks. Such attacks may occur on the UBS AG Group's own systems or on the systems 
that are operated by external service providers, may be attempted through the introduction of ransomware, 
viruses or malware, phishing and other forms of social engineering, distributed denial of service attacks 
and other means. These attempts may occur directly or using equipment or security passwords of the UBS 
AG Group's employees, third-party service providers or other users. Cybersecurity risks also have increased 
due to the widespread use of digital technologies, cloud computing and mobile devices to conduct financial 
business and transactions, as well as due to generative AI, which increases the capabilities of adversaries 
to mount sophisticated phishing attacks, for example, through the use of deepfake technologies, and 
presents new challenges to the protection of the UBS AG Group's systems and networks and the 
confidentiality and integrity of its data. During the first quarter of 2023, a third-party vendor, ION XTP, 
suffered a ransomware attack, which resulted in some disruption to the UBS AG Group's exchange-traded 
derivatives clearing activities, although UBS AG Group restored its services within 36 hours, using an 
available alternative solution. In addition to external attacks, the UBS AG Group has experienced loss of 
client data from failure by employees and others to follow internal policies and procedures and from 
misappropriation of its data by employees and others. 
The UBS AG Group may not be able to anticipate, detect or recognise threats to its systems or data and its 
preventative measures may not be effective to prevent an attack or a security breach. In the event of a 
security breach, notwithstanding its preventative measures, the UBS AG Group may not immediately detect 
a particular breach or attack. The acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group may elevate and intensify these 
risks as would-be attackers have a larger potential target in the combined bank and differences in systems, 
policies, and platforms could make threat detection more difficult. In addition, the implementation of the 
large-scale technological change programme that is necessary to integrate the combined bank's systems at 
pace may also result in increased risks. Once a particular attack is detected, time may be required to 
investigate and assess the nature and extent of the attack, and to restore and test systems and data. If a

--- Page 25 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
successful attack occurs at a service provider, as the UBS AG Group has recently experienced, the UBS 
AG Group may be dependent on the service provider's ability to detect the attack, investigate and assess 
the attack and successfully restore the relevant systems and data. A successful breach or circumvention of 
security of its systems or data or those of a service provider could have significant negative consequences 
for the UBS AG Group, including disruption of its operations, misappropriation of confidential information 
concerning it or its clients, damage to its systems, financial losses for it or its clients, violations of data 
privacy and similar laws, litigation exposure and damage to its reputation. The UBS AG Group may be 
subject to enforcement actions as regulatory focus on cybersecurity increases and regulators have 
announced new rules, guidance and initiatives on ransomware and other cybersecurity-related issues. 
The UBS AG Group is subject to complex and frequently changing laws and regulations governing the 
protection of client and personal data, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Ensuring that 
the UBS AG Group complies with applicable laws and regulations when it collects, uses and transfers 
personal information requires substantial resources and may affect the ways in which it conducts its 
business. In the event that it fails to comply with applicable laws, the UBS AG Group may be exposed to 
regulatory fines and penalties and other sanctions. It may also incur such penalties if its vendors or other 
service providers or clients or counterparties fail to comply with these laws or to maintain appropriate 
controls over protected data. In addition, any loss or exposure of client or other data may adversely damage 
its reputation and adversely affect its business. 
A major focus of US and other countries' governmental policies relating to financial institutions in recent 
years has been on fighting money laundering and terrorist financing. The UBS AG Group is required to 
maintain effective policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and 
terrorist financing, and to verify the identity of its clients under the laws of many of the countries in which 
it operates. It is also subject to laws and regulations related to corrupt and illegal payments to government 
officials by others, such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. The UBS AG 
Group has implemented policies, procedures and internal controls that are designed to comply with such 
laws and regulations. Notwithstanding this, US regulators have found deficiencies in the design and 
operation of anti-money laundering programmes in the UBS AG Group's US operations. The UBS AG 
Group has undertaken a significant programme to address these regulatory findings with the objective of 
fully meeting regulatory expectations for its programmes. Failure to maintain and implement adequate 
programmes to combat money laundering, terrorist financing or corruption, or any failure of the UBS AG 
Group's programmes in these areas, could have serious consequences both from legal enforcement action 
and from damage to its reputation. Frequent changes in sanctions imposed and increasingly complex 
sanctions imposed on countries, entities and individuals, as exemplified by the breadth and scope of the 
sanctions imposed in relation to the war in Ukraine, increase the UBS AG Group's cost of monitoring and 
complying with sanctions requirements and increase the risk that it will not identify in a timely manner 
client activity that is subject to a sanction. 
As a result of new and changed regulatory requirements and the changes the UBS AG Group has made in 
its legal structure, the volume, frequency and complexity of its regulatory and other reporting has remained 
elevated. Regulators have also significantly increased expectations regarding the UBS AG Group's internal 
reporting and data aggregation, as well as management reporting. The UBS AG Group has incurred, and 
continues to incur, significant costs to implement infrastructure to meet these requirements. Failure to meet 
external reporting requirements accurately and in a timely manner or failure to meet regulatory expectations 
of internal reporting, data aggregation and management reporting could result in enforcement action or 
other adverse consequences for the UBS AG Group. 
In addition, despite the contingency plans that the UBS AG Group has in place, its ability to conduct 
business may be adversely affected by disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the 
communities in which it operates. This may include disruption due to natural disasters, pandemics, civil 
unrest, war or terrorism and involve electrical, communications, transportation or other services that the 
UBS AG Group uses or that are used by third parties with whom it conducts business. 
The UBS AG Group depends on its risk management and control processes to avoid or limit potential 
losses in its businesses 
Controlled risk-taking is a major part of the business of a financial services firm. Some losses from risk-
taking activities are inevitable, but, to be successful over time, the UBS AG Group must balance the risks 
it takes against the returns generated. Therefore, it must diligently identify, assess, manage and control its 
risks, not only in normal market conditions but also as they might develop under more extreme, stressed

--- Page 26 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
conditions, when concentrations of exposures can lead to severe losses. 
The UBS AG Group has not always been able to prevent serious losses arising from risk management 
failures and extreme or sudden market events. It recorded substantial losses on fixed-income trading 
positions in the 2008 financial crisis, in the unauthorised trading incident in 2011 and, more recently, 
positions resulting from the default of a US prime brokerage client. In the recent past, the Credit Suisse 
Group has suffered very significant losses from the default of the US prime brokerage client, the losses in 
supply chain finance funds ("SCFF") managed by it, as well as other matters. As a result of these, Credit 
Suisse is subject to significant regulatory remediation obligations to address deficiencies in its risk 
management and control systems, that continue following the merger. 
The UBS AG Group regularly revises and strengthens its risk management and control frameworks to seek 
to address identified shortcomings. Nonetheless, it could suffer further losses in the future if, for example: 
• 
it does not fully identify the risks in its portfolio, in particular risk concentrations and correlated 
risks; 
• 
its assessment of the risks identified, or its response to negative trends, proves to be untimely, 
inadequate, insufficient or incorrect; 
• 
its risk models prove insufficient to predict the scale of financial risks the bank faces; 
• 
markets move in ways that the UBS AG Group does not expect – in terms of their speed, direction, 
severity or correlation – and its ability to manage risks in the resulting environment is, therefore, 
affected; 
• 
third parties to whom the UBS AG Group has credit exposure or whose securities it holds are 
severely affected by events and it suffers defaults and impairments beyond the level implied by its 
risk assessment; or 
• 
collateral or other security provided by the UBS AG Group's counterparties and clients proves 
inadequate to cover their obligations at the time of default. 
The UBS AG Group also holds legacy risk positions, primarily in the Non-core and Legacy division, that, 
in many cases, are illiquid and may deteriorate in value. The acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group, and 
the integration of UBS AG with Credit Suisse AG, is increasing, materially, the portfolio of business that 
is outside of the UBS AG Group's risk appetite and subject to exit that will be managed in the Non-core 
and Legacy division. 
The UBS AG Group also manages risk on behalf of its clients. The performance of assets it holds for its 
clients may be adversely affected by the same aforementioned factors. If clients suffer losses or the 
performance of their assets held with the UBS AG Group is not in line with relevant benchmarks against 
which clients assess investment performance, the UBS AG Group may suffer reduced fee income and a 
decline in assets under management, or withdrawal of mandates. 
Investment positions, such as equity investments made as part of strategic initiatives and seed investments 
made at the inception of funds that the UBS AG Group manages, may also be affected by market risk 
factors. These investments are often not liquid and generally are intended or required to be held beyond a 
normal trading horizon. Deteriorations in the fair value of these positions would have a negative effect on 
the UBS AG Group's earnings. 
The UBS AG Group may be unable to identify or capture revenue or competitive opportunities, or retain 
and attract qualified employees 
The financial services industry is characterised by intense competition, continuous innovation, restrictive, 
detailed and sometimes fragmented regulation and ongoing consolidation. The UBS AG Group faces 
competition at the level of local markets and individual business lines, and from global financial institutions 
that are comparable to it in their size and breadth, as well as competition from new technology-based market 
entrants, which may not be subject to the same level of regulation. Barriers to entry in individual markets 
and pricing levels are being eroded by new technology. The UBS AG Group expects these trends to 
continue and competition to increase. The UBS AG Group's competitive strength and market position could 
be eroded if it is unable to identify market trends and developments, does not respond to such trends and

--- Page 27 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
developments by devising and implementing adequate business strategies, does not adequately develop or 
update its technology, including its digital channels and tools, or is unable to attract or retain the qualified 
people needed. 
The amount and structure of the UBS AG Group's employee compensation is affected not only by its 
business results, but also by competitive factors and regulatory considerations. 
In response to the demands of various stakeholders, including regulatory authorities and shareholders, and 
in order to better align the interests of its staff with other stakeholders, UBS has increased average deferral 
periods for stock awards, expanded forfeiture provisions and, to a more limited extent, introduced clawback 
provisions for certain awards linked to business performance. UBS has also introduced individual caps on 
the proportion of fixed to variable pay for the members of the Executive Board (the "EB"), as well as certain 
other employees. The UBS AG Group will also be required to introduce and enforce provisions requiring 
it to recover from EB members and certain other executives a portion of performance-based incentive 
compensation in the event that the UBS Group or another entity with securities listed on a US national 
securities exchange, is required to restate its financial statements as a result of a material error. 
Constraints on the amount or structure of employee compensation, higher levels of deferral, performance 
conditions and other circumstances triggering the forfeiture of unvested awards may adversely affect the 
UBS AG Group's ability to retain and attract key employees, particularly where it competes with companies 
that are not subject to these constraints. The loss of key staff and the inability to attract qualified 
replacements could seriously compromise the UBS AG Group's ability to execute its strategy and to 
successfully improve its operating and control environment, and could affect its business performance. This 
risk is intensified by elevated levels of attrition among Credit Suisse employees. Swiss law requires that 
shareholders approve the compensation of the Board of Directors of UBS Group AG (the "Group Board") 
and the Group Executive Board (the "GEB") each year. If UBS Group AG's shareholders fail to approve 
the compensation for the Group Board or the GEB, this could have an adverse effect on UBS's ability to 
retain experienced directors and its senior management. 
UBS AG's operating results, financial condition and ability to pay its obligations in the future may be 
affected by funding, dividends and other distributions received directly or indirectly from its subsidiaries, 
which may be subject to restrictions 
UBS AG's ability to pay its obligations in the future will depend on the level of funding, dividends and 
other distributions, if any, received from UBS Switzerland AG and other subsidiaries. The ability of such 
subsidiaries to make loans or distributions, directly or indirectly, to UBS AG may be restricted as a result 
of several factors, including restrictions in financing agreements and the requirements of applicable law 
and regulatory, fiscal or other restrictions. In particular, UBS AG's direct and indirect subsidiaries, 
including UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Americas Holding LLC, UBS Europe SE, Credit Suisse (Schweiz) 
AG, Credit Suisse (Holdings) USA, Inc. and Credit Suisse International, are subject to laws and regulations 
that require the entities to maintain minimum levels of capital and liquidity, that restrict dividend payments, 
that authorise regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to UBS AG or 
that could affect their ability to repay any loans made to, or other investments in, such subsidiary by UBS 
AG or another member of the UBS AG Group. For example, in the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the European Central Bank ordered all banks under its supervision to cease dividend distributions and the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System limited capital distributions by bank holding companies 
and intermediate holding companies. Restrictions and regulatory actions could impede access to funds that 
UBS AG may need to meet its obligations. In addition, UBS AG's right to participate in a distribution of 
assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganisation is subject to all prior claims of the subsidiary's 
creditors. 
Furthermore, UBS AG may guarantee some of the payment obligations of certain other members of the 
Group from time to time. These guarantees may require UBS AG to provide substantial funds or assets to 
subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when UBS AG is in need of liquidity to fund its 
own obligations.

--- Page 28 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Market, credit and macroeconomic risks 
Performance in the financial services industry is affected by market conditions and the macroeconomic 
climate 
The UBS AG Group's businesses are materially affected by market and macroeconomic conditions. A 
market downturn and weak macroeconomic conditions can be precipitated by a number of factors, including 
geopolitical events, such as international armed conflicts, war, or acts of terrorism, the imposition of 
sanctions, global trade or global supply chain disruptions, including energy shortages and food insecurity, 
changes in monetary or fiscal policy, changes in trade policies or international trade disputes, significant 
inflationary or deflationary price changes, disruptions in one or more concentrated economic sectors, 
natural disasters, pandemics or local and regional civil unrest. Such developments can have unpredictable 
and destabilising effects. 
Adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, securities prices, market volatility and liquidity, foreign 
exchange rates, commodity prices, and other market fluctuations, as well as changes in investor sentiment, 
can affect the UBS AG Group's earnings and ultimately its financial and capital positions. As financial 
markets are global and highly interconnected, local and regional events can have widespread effects well 
beyond the countries in which they occur. Any of these developments may adversely affect the UBS AG 
Group's business or financial results. 
As a result of significant volatility in the market, the UBS AG Group's businesses may experience a 
decrease in client activity levels and market volumes, which would adversely affect its ability to generate 
transaction fees, commissions and margins, particularly in Global Wealth Management and the Investment 
Bank. A market downturn would likely reduce the volume and valuation of assets that the UBS AG Group 
manages on behalf of clients, which would reduce recurring fee income that is charged based on invested 
assets, primarily in Global Wealth Management and Asset Management, and performance-based fees in 
Asset Management. Such a downturn could also cause a decline in the value of assets that the UBS AG 
Group owns and accounts for as investments or trading positions. In addition, reduced market liquidity or 
volatility may limit trading opportunities and therefore may reduce transaction-based income and may also 
impede the UBS AG Group's ability to manage risks. 
Health emergencies, including pandemics and measures taken by governmental authorities to manage them, 
may have effects such as labour market displacements, supply chain disruptions, and inflationary pressures, 
and adversely affect global and regional economic conditions, resulting in contraction in the global 
economy, substantial volatility in the financial markets, crises in markets for goods and services, disruptions 
in real estate markets, increased unemployment, increased credit and counterparty risk, and operational 
challenges, as the UBS AG Group saw with the COVID-19 pandemic. Such economic or market 
disruptions, including inflationary pressures, may lead to reduced levels of client activity and demand for 
the UBS AG Group's products and services, increased utilisation of lending commitments, significantly 
increased client defaults, continued and increasing credit and valuation losses in the UBS AG Group's loan 
portfolios, loan commitments and other assets, and impairments of other financial assets. A fall in equity 
markets and a consequent decline in invested assets would also reduce recurring fee income in the UBS 
AG Group's Global Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses, as the UBS AG Group 
experienced in the second quarter of 2022. These factors and other consequences of a health emergency 
may negatively affect the UBS AG Group's financial condition, including possible constraints on capital 
and liquidity, as well as resulting in a higher cost of capital, and possible downgrades to its credit ratings. 
Terrorist activity and escalating armed conflict in the Middle East, as well as the continuing Russia-Ukraine 
war, may have significant impacts on global markets, exacerbate global inflationary pressures, and slow 
global growth. In addition, the ongoing conflicts may continue to cause significant population displacement, 
and lead to shortages of vital commodities, including energy shortages and food insecurity outside the areas 
immediately involved in armed conflict. Governmental responses to the armed conflicts, including, with 
respect to the Russia-Ukraine war, coordinated successive sets of sanctions on Russia and Belarus, and 
Russian and Belarusian entities and nationals, and the uncertainty as to whether the ongoing conflicts will 
widen and intensify, may continue to have significant adverse effects on the market and macroeconomic 
conditions, including in ways that cannot be anticipated. If individual countries impose restrictions on cross-
border payments or trade, or other exchange or capital controls, or change their currency (for example, if 
one or more countries should leave the Eurozone, as a result of the imposition of sanctions on individuals, 
entities or countries, or escalation of trade restrictions and other actions between the US, or other countries, 
and China), the UBS AG Group could suffer adverse effects on its business, losses from enforced default

--- Page 29 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
by counterparties, be unable to access its own assets or be unable to effectively manage its risks. 
The UBS AG Group could be materially affected if a crisis develops, regionally or globally, as a result of 
disruptions in markets due to macroeconomic or political developments, trade restrictions, or the failure of 
a major market participant. Over time, the UBS AG Group's strategic plans have become more heavily 
dependent on its ability to generate growth and revenue in emerging markets, including China, causing it 
to be more exposed to the risks associated with such markets. 
Global Wealth Management derives revenues from all the principal regions, but has a greater concentration 
in Asia than many peers and a substantial presence in the US, unlike many European peers. The Investment 
Bank's business is more heavily weighted to Europe and Asia than the UBS AG Group's peers, while its 
derivatives business is more heavily weighted to structured products for wealth management clients, in 
particular with European and Asian underlyings. The UBS AG Group's performance and businesses may 
therefore be more affected by political, economic and market developments in these regions than some 
other financial service providers. 
The extent to which ongoing conflicts, current inflationary pressures and related adverse economic 
conditions affect the UBS AG Group's businesses, results of operations and financial condition, as well as 
its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, including the effects of the 
current conditions on the UBS AG Group's clients, counterparties, employees and third-party service 
providers. 
The UBS AG Group's credit risk exposure to clients, trading counterparties and other financial 
institutions would increase under adverse or other economic conditions 
Credit risk is an integral part of many of the UBS AG Group's activities, including lending, underwriting 
and derivatives activities. Adverse economic or market conditions, or the imposition of sanctions or other 
restrictions on clients, counterparties or financial institutions, may lead to impairments and defaults on these 
credit exposures. Losses may be exacerbated by declines in the value of collateral securing loans and other 
exposures. In its prime brokerage, securities finance and Lombard lending businesses, the UBS AG Group 
extends substantial amounts of credit against securities collateral, the value or liquidity of which may 
decline rapidly. Market closures and the imposition of exchange controls, sanctions or other measures may 
limit the UBS AG Group's ability to settle existing transactions or to realise on collateral, which may result 
in unexpected increases in exposures. The UBS AG Group's Swiss mortgage and corporate lending 
portfolios are a large part of its overall lending. It is therefore exposed to the risk of adverse economic 
developments in Switzerland, including property valuations in the housing market, the strength of the Swiss 
franc and its effect on Swiss exports, a return to negative interest rates applied by the Swiss National Bank, 
economic conditions within the Eurozone or the EU, and the evolution of agreements between Switzerland 
and the EU or EEA, which represent Switzerland's largest export market. The UBS AG Group has 
exposures related to real estate in various countries, including a substantial Swiss mortgage portfolio. 
Although it believes this portfolio is prudently managed, the UBS AG Group could nevertheless be exposed 
to losses if a substantial deterioration in the Swiss real estate market were to occur. 
As the UBS AG Group experienced in 2020, under IFRS 9 expected credit loss ("ECL") regime, credit loss 
expenses may increase rapidly at the onset of an economic downturn as a result of higher levels of credit 
impairments (stage 3), as well as higher ECL from stages 1 and 2. Substantial increases in ECL could 
exceed expected loss for regulatory capital purposes and adversely affect the UBS AG Group's common 
equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital and regulatory capital ratios. 
Interest rate trends and changes could negatively affect the UBS AG Group's financial results 
The UBS AG Group's businesses are sensitive to changes in interest rate trends. A prolonged period of low 
or negative interest rates, particularly in Switzerland and the Eurozone, adversely affected the net interest 
income generated by the UBS AG Group's Personal & Corporate Banking and Global Wealth Management 
businesses prior to 2022. Actions that the UBS AG Group took to mitigate adverse effects on income, such 
as the introduction of selective deposit fees or minimum lending rates, contributed to outflows of customer 
deposits (a key source of funding for the UBS AG Group), net new money outflows and a declining market 
share in its Swiss lending business. 
During 2022, interest rates increased sharply in the US and most other markets, including a shift from 
negative to positive central bank policy rates in the Eurozone and Switzerland, as central banks responded

--- Page 30 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
to higher inflation. Higher interest rates generally benefit the UBS AG Group's net interest income. 
However, as returns on alternatives to deposits increase with rising interest rates, such as returns on money 
market funds, the UBS AG Group's experienced outflows from customer deposits and shifts of deposits 
from lower-interest account types to accounts bearing higher interest rates, such as savings and certificates 
of deposit, starting with effects in the US, where rates had rapidly increased. In addition, higher-for-longer 
interest rates, such as those experienced in 2023, have led to similar shifts in euro and Swiss franc deposits. 
Sustained higher interest rates also may adversely affect the UBS AG Group's credit counterparties. 
Customer deposit outflows could require the UBS AG Group to obtain alternative funding, which would 
likely be more costly than customer deposits. 
Currency fluctuation may have an adverse effect on the UBS AG Group's profits, balance sheet and 
regulatory capital 
The UBS AG Group is subject to currency fluctuation risks as a substantial portion of its assets and 
liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the UBS AG Group presentation currency, the US dollar. 
In order to hedge its CET1 capital ratio, the UBS AG Group's CET1 capital must have foreign currency 
exposure, which leads to currency sensitivity. As a consequence, it is not possible to simultaneously fully 
hedge both CET1 capital and the CET1 capital ratio. Accordingly, changes in foreign exchange rates may 
adversely affect the UBS AG Group's profits, balance sheet, and capital, leverage and liquidity coverage 
ratios. 
Regulatory and legal risks 
Material legal and regulatory risks arise in the conduct of the UBS AG Group's business 
As a global financial services firm operating in more than 50 countries, the UBS AG Group is subject to 
many different legal, tax and regulatory regimes, including extensive regulatory oversight, and is exposed 
to significant liability risk. It is subject to a large number of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and 
government investigations, and it expects that its ongoing business activities will continue to give rise to 
such matters in the future. In addition, as noted above, the UBS Group inherited claims against Credit Suisse 
entities as part of the acquisition, including matters that may be material to the operating results of the 
combined Group such as the ongoing SCFF matter. The extent of the UBS AG Group's financial exposure 
to these and other matters is material and could substantially exceed the level of provisions that it has 
established. The UBS AG Group is not able to predict the financial and non-financial consequences these 
matters may have when resolved. 
The UBS AG Group may be subject to adverse preliminary determinations or court decisions that may 
negatively affect public perception and its reputation, result in prudential actions from regulators, and cause 
it to record additional provisions for such matters even when it believes it has substantial defences and 
expects to ultimately achieve a more favourable outcome. This risk is illustrated by the award of aggregate 
penalties and damages of EUR 4.5 billion by the court of first instance in France. This award was reduced 
to an aggregate of EUR 1.8 billion by the Court of Appeal, and, in a further appeal, the French Supreme 
Court referred the case back to the Paris Court of Appeal to reconsider the amount after a new trial. 
Litigation, regulatory and similar matters may also result in non-monetary penalties and consequences. 
Among other things, a guilty plea to, or conviction of, a crime (including as a result of termination of the 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement Credit Suisse entered into with the US Department of Justice in 2021 to 
resolve its Mozambique matter) could have material consequences for the UBS AG Group. 
Resolution of regulatory proceedings has required the UBS AG Group to obtain waivers of regulatory 
disqualifications to maintain certain operations, may entitle regulatory authorities to limit, suspend or 
terminate licences and regulatory authorisations, and may permit financial market utilities to limit, suspend 
or terminate the UBS AG Group's participation in them. Failure to obtain such waivers, or any limitation, 
suspension or termination of licences, authorisations or participations, could have material adverse 
consequences for the UBS AG Group. 
The UBS AG Group's settlements with governmental authorities in connection with foreign exchange, 
LIBOR and other benchmark interest rates starkly illustrate the significantly increased level of financial 
and reputational risk now associated with regulatory matters in major jurisdictions. In connection with 
investigations related to LIBOR and other benchmark rates and to foreign exchange and precious metals, 
very large fines and disgorgement amounts were assessed against the UBS AG Group, and the UBS AG

--- Page 31 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Group was required to enter guilty pleas despite its full cooperation with the authorities in the investigations 
and despite its receipt of conditional leniency or conditional immunity from anti-trust authorities in a 
number of jurisdictions, including the US and Switzerland. 
For a number of years, the UBS AG Group has been, and continues to be, subject to a very high level of 
regulatory scrutiny and to certain regulatory measures that constrain it strategic flexibility. The UBS AG 
Group believes it has remediated the deficiencies that led to significant losses in the past and made 
substantial changes in its controls and conduct risk frameworks to address the issues highlighted by the 
LIBOR-related, foreign exchange and precious metals regulatory resolutions. It has also undertaken 
extensive efforts to implement new regulatory requirements and meet heightened expectations. 
Credit Suisse and UBS have become the target of lawsuits, and may become the target of further litigation, 
in connection with the merger transaction and/or the regulatory and other actions taken in connection with 
the merger transaction, all of which could result in substantial costs. 
The UBS AG Group continues to be in active dialogue with regulators concerning the actions it is taking 
to improve its operational risk management, risk control, anti-money laundering, data management and 
other frameworks, and otherwise seeks to meet supervisory expectations, but there can be no assurance that 
its efforts will have the desired effects. As a result of this history, the UBS AG Group's level of risk with 
respect to regulatory enforcement may be greater than that of some of its peers. 
Substantial changes in regulation may adversely affect the UBS AG Group's businesses and its ability 
to execute its strategic plans 
Since the financial crisis of 2008, the UBS AG Group has been subject to significant regulatory 
requirements, including recovery and resolution planning, changes in capital and prudential standards, 
changes in taxation regimes as a result of changes in governmental administrations, new and revised market 
standards and fiduciary duties, as well as new and developing environmental, social and governance 
("ESG") standards and requirements. Notwithstanding attempts by regulators to align their efforts, the 
measures adopted or proposed for banking regulation differ significantly across the major jurisdictions, 
making it increasingly difficult to manage a global institution. Regulatory reviews of the events leading to 
the failures of US banks and the acquisition of Credit Suisse by the UBS Group in 2023, as well as 
regulatory measures to complete the implementation of the Basel 3 standards, may increase capital, liquidity 
and other requirements applicable to banks, including UBS AG. In addition, Swiss regulatory changes with 
regard to such matters as capital and liquidity have often proceeded more quickly than those in other major 
jurisdictions, and Switzerland's requirements for major international banks are among the strictest of the 
major financial centres. This could put Swiss banks, such as UBS AG, at a disadvantage when competing 
with peer financial institutions subject to more lenient regulation or with unregulated non-bank competitors. 
The UBS AG Group's implementation of additional regulatory requirements and changes in supervisory 
standards, as well as its compliance with existing laws and regulations, continues to receive heightened 
scrutiny from supervisors. If the UBS AG Group does not meet supervisory expectations in relation to these 
or other matters, or if additional supervisory or regulatory issues arise, the UBS AG Group would likely be 
subject to further regulatory scrutiny, as well as measures that may further constrain its strategic flexibility. 
Resolvability and resolution and recovery planning: The UBS AG Group has moved significant operations 
into subsidiaries to improve resolvability and meet other regulatory requirements, and this has resulted in 
substantial implementation costs, increased its capital and funding costs and reduced operational flexibility. 
For example, the UBS AG Group has transferred all of its US subsidiaries under a US intermediate holding 
company to meet US regulatory requirements and has transferred substantially all the operations of Personal 
& Corporate Banking and Global Wealth Management booked in Switzerland to UBS Switzerland AG to 
improve resolvability. 
These changes create operational, capital, liquidity, funding and tax inefficiencies. The UBS AG Group's 
operations in subsidiaries are subject to local capital, liquidity, stable funding, capital planning and stress 
testing requirements. These requirements have resulted in increased capital and liquidity requirements in 
affected subsidiaries, which limit its operational flexibility and negatively affect the UBS AG Group's 
ability to benefit from synergies between business units and to distribute earnings to the Group. 
Under the Swiss too-big-to-fail ("TBTF") framework, the UBS AG Group is required to put in place viable 
emergency plans to preserve the operation of systemically important functions in the event of a failure.

--- Page 32 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Moreover, under this framework and similar regulations in the US, the UK, the EU and other jurisdictions 
in which it operates, the UBS AG Group is required to prepare credible recovery and resolution plans 
detailing the measures that would be taken to recover in a significant adverse event or in the event of 
winding down the Group or the operations in a host country through resolution or insolvency proceedings. 
If a recovery or resolution plan that the UBS AG Group produces is determined by the relevant authority 
to be inadequate or not credible, relevant regulation may permit the authority to place limitations on the 
scope or size of the UBS AG Group's business in that jurisdiction, or oblige the UBS AG Group to hold 
higher amounts of capital or liquidity or to change its legal structure or business in order to remove the 
relevant impediments to resolution. 
The authorities in Switzerland and internationally are working on lessons learned from the Credit Suisse 
Group and the US regional bank failures, which may result in additional requirements regarding capital, 
liquidity, resolution planning and early intervention tools for authorities. 
Capital and prudential standards: As an internationally active Swiss systemically relevant bank (an 
"SRB"), the UBS AG Group is subject to capital and total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") requirements 
that are among the most stringent in the world. Moreover, many of its subsidiaries must comply with 
minimum capital, liquidity and similar requirements and, as a result, UBS Group AG and UBS AG have 
contributed a significant portion of their capital and provide substantial liquidity to these subsidiaries. These 
funds are available to meet funding and collateral needs in the relevant entities, but are generally not readily 
available for use by the Group as a whole. 
The UBS AG Group expects its risk-weighted assets ("RWA") to further increase as the effective date for 
additional capital standards promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") 
draws nearer. In connection with the acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA") has permitted Credit Suisse entities to continue to apply certain 
prior interpretations and has provided supervisory rulings on the treatment of certain items for RWA or 
capital purposes. In general, these interpretations require that UBS phase out the treatment over the next 
several years. In addition, FINMA has agreed that the additional capital requirement applicable to Swiss 
SRBs, which is based on market share in Switzerland and leverage ratio denominator ("LRD"), will not 
increase as a result of the acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group before the end of 2025. The phase-out or 
end of these periods will likely increase the UBS AG Group's overall capital requirements upon the merger 
with Credit Suisse AG, which increase may be substantial. 
Increases in capital and liquidity standards could significantly curtail the UBS AG Group's ability to pursue 
strategic opportunities. 
Market regulation and fiduciary standards: The UBS AG Group's wealth and asset management businesses 
operate in an environment of increasing regulatory scrutiny and changing standards with respect to fiduciary 
and other standards of care and the focus on mitigating or eliminating conflicts of interest between a 
manager or advisor and the client, which require effective implementation across the global systems and 
processes of investment managers and other industry participants. For example, the UBS AG Group has 
made material changes to its business processes, policies and the terms on which it interacts with these 
clients in order to comply with SEC Regulation Best Interest, which is intended to enhance and clarify the 
duties of brokers and investment advisers to retail customers, and the Volcker Rule, which limits the UBS 
AG Group's ability to engage in proprietary trading, as well as changes in European and Swiss market 
conduct regulation. Future changes in the regulation of its duties to customers may require the UBS AG 
Group to make further changes to its businesses, which would result in additional expense and may 
adversely affect its business. The UBS AG Group may also become subject to other similar regulations 
substantively limiting the types of activities in which it may engage or the way it conducts its operations. 
In many instances, the UBS AG Group provides services on a cross-border basis, and it is therefore sensitive 
to barriers restricting market access for third-country firms. In particular, efforts in the EU to harmonise 
the regime for third-country firms to access the European market may have the effect of creating new 
barriers that adversely affect the UBS AG Group's ability to conduct business in these jurisdictions from 
Switzerland. In addition, a number of jurisdictions are increasingly regulating cross-border activities based 
on determinations of equivalence of home country regulation, substituted compliance or similar principles 
of comity. A negative determination with respect to Swiss equivalence could limit the UBS AG Group's 
access to the market in those jurisdictions and may negatively influence its ability to act as a global firm. 
For example, the EU declined to extend its equivalence determination for Swiss exchanges, which lapsed 
as of 30 June 2019.

--- Page 33 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
The UBS AG Group has experienced cross-border outflows over a number of years as a result of heightened 
focus by fiscal authorities on cross-border investment and fiscal amnesty programmes, in anticipation of 
the implementation in Switzerland of the global automatic exchange of tax information, and as a result of 
the measures the UBS AG Group has implemented in response to these changes. Further changes in local 
tax laws or regulations and their enforcement, additional cross-border tax information exchange regimes, 
national tax amnesty or enforcement programmes or similar actions may affect the UBS AG Group's clients' 
ability or willingness to do business with it and could result in additional cross-border outflows. 
If UBS experiences financial difficulties, FINMA has the power to open restructuring or liquidation 
proceedings or impose protective measures in relation to UBS Group AG, UBS AG, UBS Switzerland 
AG or Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG, and such proceedings or measures may have a material adverse effect 
on UBS AG's creditors 
Under the Swiss Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks of 8 November 1934, as amended (the "Swiss 
Banking Act"), FINMA is able to exercise broad statutory powers with respect to Swiss banks and Swiss 
parent companies of financial groups, such as UBS Group AG, UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG and Credit 
Suisse (Schweiz) AG, if there is justified concern that the entity is over-indebted, has serious liquidity 
problems or, after the expiration of any relevant deadline, no longer fulfils capital adequacy requirements. 
Such powers include ordering protective measures, instituting restructuring proceedings (and exercising 
any Swiss resolution powers in connection therewith), and instituting liquidation proceedings, all of which 
may have a material adverse effect on shareholders and creditors or may prevent UBS Group AG, UBS 
AG, UBS Switzerland AG or Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG from paying dividends or making payments on 
debt obligations. 
UBS would have limited ability to challenge any such protective measures, and creditors and shareholders 
would also have limited ability under Swiss law or in Swiss courts to reject them, seek their suspension, or 
challenge their imposition, including measures that require or result in the deferment of payments. 
If restructuring proceedings are opened with respect to UBS Group AG, UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG 
or Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG, the resolution powers that FINMA may exercise include the power to: (i) 
transfer all or some of the assets, debt and other liabilities, and contracts of the entity subject to proceedings 
to another entity; (ii) stay for a maximum of two business days (a) the termination of, or the exercise of 
rights to terminate, netting rights, (b) rights to enforce or dispose of certain types of collateral or (c) rights 
to transfer claims, liabilities or certain collateral, under contracts to which the entity subject to proceedings 
is a party; and/or (iii) partially or fully write down the equity capital and regulatory capital instruments and, 
if such regulatory capital is fully written down, write down or convert into equity the other debt instruments 
of the entity subject to proceedings. Shareholders and creditors would have no right to reject, or to seek the 
suspension of, any restructuring plan pursuant to which such resolution powers are exercised. They would 
have only limited rights to challenge any decision to exercise resolution powers or to have that decision 
reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
Upon full or partial write-down of the equity and regulatory capital instruments of the entity subject to 
restructuring proceedings, the relevant shareholders and creditors would receive no payment in respect of 
the equity and debt that is written down, the write-down would be permanent, and the investors would 
likely not, at such time or at any time thereafter, receive any shares or other participation rights, or be 
entitled to any write-up or any other compensation in the event of a potential subsequent recovery of the 
debtor. If FINMA orders the conversion of debt of the entity subject to restructuring proceedings into 
equity, the securities received by the investors may be worth significantly less than the original debt and 
may have a significantly different risk profile. In addition, creditors receiving equity would be effectively 
subordinated to all creditors of the restructured entity in the event of a subsequent winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the restructured entity, which would increase the risk that investors would lose all or some 
of their investment. 
FINMA has significant discretion in the exercise of its powers in connection with restructuring proceedings. 
Furthermore, certain categories of debt obligations, such as certain types of deposits, are subject to 
preferential treatment. As a result, holders of obligations of an entity subject to restructuring proceedings 
may have their obligations written down or converted into equity even though obligations ranking on par 
with such obligations are not written down or converted.

--- Page 34 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Developments in sustainability, climate, environmental and social standards and regulations may affect 
the UBS AG Group's business and impact its ability to fully realise its goals 
The UBS AG Group has set ambitious goals for ESG matters. These goals include the UBS AG Group's 
ambitions for environmental sustainability in its operations, including carbon emissions, in the business it 
does with clients and in products that it offers. They also include goals or aspirations for diversity in its 
workforce and supply chain, and support for the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. There is 
substantial uncertainty as to the scope of actions that may be required of the UBS AG Group, governments 
and others to achieve the goals it has set, and many of its goals and objectives are only achievable with a 
combination of government and private action. National and international standards and expectations, 
industry and scientific practices, regulatory taxonomies, and disclosure obligations addressing these matters 
are relatively immature and are rapidly evolving. In addition, there are significant limitations in the data 
available to measure the UBS AG Group's climate and other goals. Although it has defined and disclosed 
its goals based on the standards existing at the time of disclosure, there can be no assurance (i) that the 
various ESG regulatory and disclosure regimes under which it operates will not come into conflict with one 
another, (ii) that the current standards will not be interpreted differently than the understanding of the UBS 
AG Group or change in a manner that substantially increases the cost or effort for it to achieve such goals 
or (iii) that additional data or methods, whether voluntary or required by regulation, may substantially 
change the UBS AG Group's calculation of its goals and ambitions. It is possible that such goals may prove 
to be considerably more difficult or even impossible to achieve. The evolving standards may also require 
the UBS AG Group to substantially change the stated goals and ambitions. If the UBS AG Group is not 
able to achieve the goals it has set, or can only do so at significant expense to its business, it may fail to 
meet regulatory expectations, incur damage to its reputation or be exposed to an increased risk of litigation 
or other adverse action. 
While ESG regulatory regimes and international standards are being developed, including to require 
consideration of ESG risks in investment decisions, some jurisdictions, notably in the US, have developed 
rules restricting the consideration of ESG factors in investment and business decisions. Under these anti-
ESG rules, companies that are perceived as boycotting or discriminating against certain industries may be 
restricted from doing business with certain governmental entities. The businesses of the UBS AG Group 
may be adversely affected if it is considered as discriminating against companies based on ESG 
considerations, or if further anti-ESG rules are developed or broadened. 
Material weaknesses of Credit Suisse controls over financial reporting 
The Credit Suisse Group delayed its reporting for the year ending 2022 stating that it had identified material 
weaknesses in its internal controls over financial reporting as a result of which the Credit Suisse Group 
management had concluded that, as of 31 December 2022, its internal controls over financial reporting 
were not effective, and for the same reasons, it reached the same conclusion regarding 31 December 2021. 
A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal controls over financial 
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a registrant's financial 
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. There is a risk that a material error may not 
be detected by UBS Group AG's internal control structure that could result in a material misstatement to 
Credit Suisse's reported financial results, which are consolidated with UBS Group AG's results. Since the 
acquisition, UBS Group AG has undertaken a review of the processes and systems giving rise to the material 
weaknesses and the remediation programme undertaken. This review is ongoing, and UBS expects to adopt 
and implement further controls and procedures following the completion of such review and discussions 
with regulators. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of 31 December 2023, UBS's 
internal control over financial reporting was effective. Management has excluded Credit Suisse, which UBS 
Group AG acquired in 2023, from the scope of its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, 
as permitted by SEC guidance for acquired businesses. Following the merger of Credit Suisse AG and UBS 
AG, UBS AG's assessment of its internal control over financial reporting for 2024 will include the acquired 
business of Credit Suisse AG, including the effectiveness of remediation measures. 
The UBS AG Group's financial results may be negatively affected by changes to assumptions and 
valuations, as well as changes to accounting standards 
The UBS AG Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards. The application of these accounting standards requires the use of judgment based on estimates 
and assumptions that may involve significant uncertainty at the time they are made. This is the case, for 
example, with respect to the measurement of fair value of financial instruments, the recognition of deferred

--- Page 35 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
tax assets ("DTAs"), the assessment of the impairment of goodwill, expected credit losses and estimation 
of provisions for litigation, regulatory and similar matters. Such judgments, including the underlying 
estimates and assumptions, which encompass historical experience, expectations of the future and other 
factors, are regularly evaluated to determine their continuing relevance based on current conditions. Using 
different assumptions could cause the reported results to differ. Changes in assumptions, or failure to make 
the changes necessary to reflect evolving market conditions, may have a significant effect on the financial 
statements in the periods when changes occur. Estimates of provisions may be subject to a wide range of 
potential outcomes and significant uncertainty. For example, the broad range of potential outcomes in the 
UBS AG Group's legal proceedings in France and in a number of Credit Suisse's legal proceedings increase 
the uncertainty associated with assessing the appropriate provision. If the estimates and assumptions in 
future periods deviate from the current outlook, the UBS AG Group's financial results may also be 
negatively affected. 
Changes to IFRS Accounting Standards or interpretations thereof may cause future reported results and 
financial positions to differ from current expectations, or historical results to differ from those previously 
reported due to the adoption of accounting standards on a retrospective basis. Such changes may also affect 
the UBS AG Group's regulatory capital and ratios. For example, the introduction of the ECL regime under 
IFRS 9 in 2018 fundamentally changed how credit risk arising from loans, loan commitments, guarantees 
and certain revocable facilities is accounted for. Under the ECL regime, credit loss expenses may increase 
rapidly at the onset of an economic downturn as a result of higher levels of credit impairments (stage 3), as 
well as higher ECL from stages 1 and 2, only gradually diminishing once the economic outlook improves. 
As the UBS AG Group observed in 2020, this effect may be more pronounced in a deteriorating economic 
environment. Substantial increases in ECL could exceed expected loss for regulatory capital purposes and 
adversely affect the UBS AG Group's CET1 capital and regulatory capital ratios. 
The UBS AG Group may be unable to maintain its capital strength 
Capital strength enables the UBS AG Group to grow its businesses and absorb increases in regulatory and 
capital requirements. The UBS AG Group's ability to maintain its capital ratios is subject to numerous risks, 
including the financial results of its businesses, the effect of changes to capital standards, methodologies 
and interpretations that may adversely affect the calculation of its capital ratios, the imposition of risk add-
ons or capital buffers, and the application of additional capital, liquidity and similar requirements to 
subsidiaries. The UBS AG Group's capital and leverage ratios are driven primarily by RWA, LRD and 
eligible capital, all of which may fluctuate based on a number of factors, some of which are outside of its 
control. The results of the businesses of UBS AG Group may be adversely affected by events arising from 
other risk factors described herein. In some cases, such as litigation and regulatory risk and operational risk 
events, losses may be sudden and large. 
The UBS AG Group's eligible capital may be reduced by losses recognised within net profit or other 
comprehensive income. Eligible capital may also be reduced for other reasons, including acquisitions that 
change the level of goodwill, changes in temporary differences related to DTAs included in capital, adverse 
currency movements affecting the value of equity, prudential adjustments that may be required due to the 
valuation uncertainty associated with certain types of positions, and changes in the value of certain pension 
fund assets and liabilities or in the interest rate and other assumptions used to calculate the changes in the 
UBS AG Group's net defined benefit obligation recognised in other comprehensive income. 
RWA are driven by the UBS AG Group's business activities, by changes in the risk profile of its exposures, 
by changes in its foreign currency exposures and foreign exchange rates, and by regulation. For instance, 
substantial market volatility, a widening of credit spreads, adverse currency movements, increased 
counterparty risk, deterioration in the economic environment or increased operational risk could result in 
an increase in RWA. Changes in the calculation of RWA, the imposition of additional supplemental RWA 
charges or multipliers applied to certain exposures and other methodology changes, as well as the 
finalisation of the Basel III framework and Fundamental Review of the Trading Book promulgated by the 
BCBS, are expected to increase the UBS AG Group's RWA. 
The leverage ratio is a balance sheet-driven measure and therefore limits balance sheet-intensive activities, 
such as lending, more than activities that are less balance sheet intensive, and it may constrain the UBS AG 
Group's business even if the UBS AG Group satisfies other risk-based capital requirements. Its LRD is 
driven by, among other things, the level of client activity, including deposits and loans, foreign exchange 
rates, interest rates, other market factors and changes in required liquidity. Many of these factors are wholly 
or partly outside of the UBS AG Group's control.

--- Page 36 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
The effect of taxes on the financial results of the UBS AG Group is significantly influenced by tax law 
changes and reassessments of its deferred tax assets and, also, operating losses of certain entities with 
no associated tax benefit 
The UBS AG Group's effective tax rate is highly sensitive to its performance, its expectation of future 
profitability and any potential increases or decreases in statutory tax rates, such as any potential increase or 
decrease in the US federal corporate tax rate. Furthermore, based on prior years' tax losses and deductible 
temporary differences, the UBS AG Group has recognised DTAs reflecting the probable recoverable level 
based on future taxable profit as informed by its business plans. If its performance is expected to produce 
diminished taxable profit in future years, particularly in the US, the UBS AG Group may be required to 
write down all or a portion of the currently recognised DTAs through the income statement in excess of 
anticipated amortisation. This would have the effect of increasing the UBS AG Group's effective tax rate 
in the year in which any write-downs are taken. Conversely, if the UBS AG Group expects the performance 
of entities in which it has unrecognised tax losses to improve, particularly in the US or the UK, the UBS 
AG Group could potentially recognise additional DTAs. The effect of doing so would be to reduce the UBS 
AG Group's effective tax rate in years in which additional DTAs are recognised and to increase its effective 
tax rate in future years. The UBS AG Group's effective tax rate is also sensitive to any future reductions in 
statutory tax rates, particularly in the US, which would cause the expected future tax benefit from items 
such as tax loss carry-forwards in the affected locations to diminish in value. This, in turn, would cause a 
write-down of the associated DTAs. Conversely, an increase in US corporate tax rates would result in an 
increase in the UBS AG Group's DTAs. 
The UBS AG Group generally revalues its DTAs in the fourth quarter of the financial year based on a 
reassessment of future profitability taking into account its updated business plans. It considers the 
performance of its businesses and the accuracy of historical forecasts, tax rates and other factors in 
evaluating the recoverability of its DTAs, including the remaining tax loss carry-forward period and its 
assessment of expected future taxable profits over the life of DTAs. Estimating future profitability is 
inherently subjective and is particularly sensitive to future economic, market and other conditions, which 
are difficult to predict. 
The UBS AG Group's results in past years have demonstrated that changes in the recognition of DTAs can 
have a very significant effect on its reported results. Any future change in the manner in which the UBS 
AG Group remeasures DTAs could affect the UBS AG Group's effective tax rate, particularly in the year 
in which the change is made. 
The UBS AG Group's full-year effective tax rate would be impacted if aggregate tax expenses in respect of 
profits from branches and subsidiaries without loss coverage differ from what is expected, or if certain 
branches and subsidiaries incur operating losses that the UBS AG Group cannot benefit from through the 
income statement. In particular, operating losses at entities or branches that cannot offset for tax purposes 
taxable profits in other Group entities, and which do not result in additional DTA recognition, would 
increase the UBS AG Group's effective tax rate. In addition, tax laws or the tax authorities in countries 
where the UBS AG Group has undertaken legal structure changes may cause entities to be subject to 
taxation as permanent establishments or may prevent the transfer of tax losses incurred in one legal entity 
to newly organised or reorganised subsidiaries or affiliates or may impose limitations on the utilisation of 
tax losses that relate to businesses formerly conducted by the transferor. Were this to occur in situations 
where there were also limited planning opportunities to utilise the tax losses in the originating entity, the 
DTAs associated with such tax losses may be required to be written down through the income statement. 
Changes in tax law may materially affect the UBS AG Group's effective tax rate, and, in some cases, may 
substantially affect the profitability of certain activities. In addition, statutory and regulatory changes, as 
well as changes to the way in which courts and tax authorities interpret tax laws, including assertions that 
the UBS AG Group is required to pay taxes in a jurisdiction as a result of activities connected to that 
jurisdiction constituting a permanent establishment or similar theory, and changes in the UBS AG Group's 
assessment of uncertain tax positions, could cause the amount of taxes it ultimately pays to materially differ 
from the amount accrued.

--- Page 37 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
The UBS AG Group may incur material future tax liabilities in connection with the acquisition of the 
Credit Suisse Group 
In the past, the Credit Suisse Group has recorded significant impairments of the tax value of its 
participations in subsidiaries below their tax acquisition costs. As a result of the acquisition of the Credit 
Suisse Group, tax acquisition costs of certain participations held by Credit Suisse Group AG and its 
subsidiaries have been and/or will be transferred as a result of company mergers and restructurings to the 
UBS AG Group. UBS AG and its subsidiaries may become subject to additional Swiss tax on future 
reversals of such impairments for Swiss tax purposes. Reversals of prior impairments may occur to the 
extent that the net asset value of the previously impaired subsidiary increases, e.g., as a result of an increase 
in retained earnings. Although it is difficult to quantify this additional future tax exposure, as various 
potential mitigants (e.g., transfers of assets and liabilities, business activities, subsidiary investments, as 
well as other restructuring measures within the combined Group in the course of the integration) exist, it 
may be material. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Liquidity and funding management are critical to the UBS AG Group's ongoing performance 
The viability of the UBS AG Group's business depends on the availability of funding sources, and its 
success depends on its ability to obtain funding at times, in amounts, for tenors and at rates that enable it to 
efficiently support its asset base in all market conditions. The UBS AG Group's funding sources have 
generally been stable, but could change in the future because of, among other things, general market 
disruptions or widening credit spreads, which could also influence the cost of funding. A substantial part 
of the UBS AG Group's liquidity and funding requirements are met using short-term unsecured funding 
sources, including retail and wholesale deposits and the regular issuance of money market securities. A 
change in the availability of short-term funding could occur quickly. 
The addition of loss-absorbing debt as a component of capital requirements, the regulatory requirements to 
maintain minimum TLAC at UBS Group AG and at certain of its subsidiaries, as well as the power of 
resolution authorities to bail in TLAC instruments and other debt obligations, and uncertainty as to how 
such powers will be exercised, caused and may still cause a further increase in the UBS AG Group's cost 
of funding, and could potentially increase the total amount of funding required, in the absence of other 
changes in its business. 
Reductions in the UBS AG Group's credit ratings may adversely affect the market value of the securities 
and other obligations and increase its funding costs, in particular with regard to funding from wholesale 
unsecured sources, and could affect the availability of certain kinds of funding. In addition, as experienced 
in connection with Moody's downgrade of UBS AG's long-term debt rating in June 2012, rating downgrades 
can require the UBS AG Group to post additional collateral or make additional cash payments under trading 
agreements. The UBS AG Group's credit ratings, together with its capital strength and reputation, also 
contribute to maintaining client and counterparty confidence, and it is possible that rating changes could 
influence the performance of some of the UBS AG Group's businesses. The acquisition of the Credit Suisse 
Group has elevated these risks and may cause these risks to intensify. Upon the close the acquisition in June 
2023, Fitch downgraded the Long-Term Issuer Default Ratings ("IDRs") of UBS AG to A+ from AA-. 
Fitch Ratings Ltd also upgraded Credit Suisse AG's Long-Term IDR to A+ from BBB+. 
The requirement to maintain a liquidity coverage ratio of high-quality liquid assets to estimated stressed 
short-term net cash outflows, and other similar liquidity and funding requirements, oblige the UBS AG 
Group to maintain high levels of overall liquidity, limit its ability to optimise interest income and expense, 
make certain lines of business less attractive and reduce its overall ability to generate profits. The liquidity 
coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements are intended to ensure that the UBS AG Group is 
not overly reliant on short-term funding and that it has sufficient long-term funding for illiquid assets. The 
relevant calculations make assumptions about the relative likelihood and amount of outflows of funding 
and available sources of additional funding in market-wide and firm-specific stress situations. In an actual 
stress situation, however, the UBS AG Group's funding outflows could exceed the assumed amounts. 
Further, UBS AG is subject to increased liquidity requirements related to TBTF measures under the 
direction of FINMA, which became effective on 1 January 2024.

--- Page 38 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks Relating to the Market Generally 
There is no active trading market for the Notes, and the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) are subject to 
transfer restrictions that may further reduce their liquidity 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be a new issue of Notes which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, the Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), there is no assurance that such 
applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active 
trading market will develop. Even if an active trading market does develop, it may not be liquid and may 
not continue for the term of the Notes. In addition, liquidity may be limited if large allocations of a particular 
Tranche of Notes are made to a limited number of investors. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware that, depending on the global credit market conditions, the 
secondary market for Notes and instruments of this kind may be illiquid. The Issuer cannot predict to what 
extent this will be the case and whether and when such circumstances may change. 
Furthermore, the Notes will not be registered under the Securities Act or any US state securities laws, and 
the Issuer has no plans, and is under no obligation, to register the Notes under the Securities Act. Notes 
(other than Swiss Notes) are subject to certain transfer restrictions and can be transferred only in accordance 
with the transfer restrictions described under "Selling Restrictions – United States" and "Transfer 
Restrictions" below. Such restrictions on the transfer of Notes may further limit their liquidity. 
Changes in law may adversely affect the rights of holders under any Notes 
The General Terms and Conditions are based on English law or Swiss law, as the case may be, in effect as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as 
amended, supplemented, modified or replaced by the information contained in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible English or 
Swiss judicial decision or any change to English or Swiss law, including by way of emergency measures, 
or administrative practice during the life of any Notes. 
Changes in laws after the date hereof may affect the rights and effective remedies of holders under any 
Notes, as well as the market value of such Notes. Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, 
tax and regulatory regimes during the life of any Notes, which may have an adverse effect on investment 
in such Notes. 
Any regulatory or legislative changes may also adversely affect UBS AG's business (see "Risks relating to 
UBS AG Group – Substantial changes in regulation may adversely affect UBS AG's businesses and its 
ability to execute its strategic plans"). 
Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Risks Relating to the Notes Generally 
If the Issuer experiences financial difficulties, FINMA has the power to open restructuring or 
liquidation proceedings in respect of, and/or impose protective measures in relation to, the Issuer, which 
proceedings or measures may have a material adverse effect on the terms and market value of Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to make payments thereunder 
The Swiss Banking Act grants FINMA broad powers to take measures and actions in relation to the Issuer 
if it concludes that there is justified concern that the Issuer is over-indebted or has serious liquidity problems 
or, after expiry of a deadline, the Issuer fails to fulfil the applicable capital adequacy requirements (whether 
on a standalone or consolidated basis). If one of these pre-requisites is met, FINMA is authorised to open 
restructuring proceedings or liquidation (bankruptcy) proceedings in respect of, and/or impose protective 
measures in relation to, the Issuer. The Swiss Banking Act grants significant discretion to FINMA in 
connection with the aforementioned proceedings and measures. In particular, a broad variety of protective 
measures may be imposed by FINMA, including a bank moratorium or a maturity postponement, which 
measures may be ordered by FINMA either on a stand-alone basis or in connection with restructuring or 
liquidation proceedings. 
In restructuring proceedings, FINMA, as resolution authority, is competent to approve the restructuring 
plan. The restructuring plan may, among other things, provide for (a) the transfer of all or a portion of the 
Issuer's assets, debts, other liabilities and contracts (which may or may not include the contractual 
relationship between the Issuer and the Noteholders) to another entity, (b) a stay (for a maximum of two 
business days) on the termination of contracts to which the Issuer is a party, and/or the exercise of (w) rights 
to terminate, (x) netting rights, (y) rights to enforce or dispose of collateral or (z) rights to transfer claims, 
liabilities or collateral under contracts to which the Issuer is a party, (c) the partial or full conversion of the 
Issuer's debt and/or other obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, into equity (a "debt-to-
equity swap"), and/or (d) the partial or full write-off of obligations owed by the Issuer (a "write-off"), 
including its obligations under the Notes. Prior to any debt-to-equity swap or write-off with respect to any 
Notes, outstanding equity and debt instruments issued by the Issuer qualifying as additional tier 1 capital 
or tier 2 capital must be converted or written-down, as applicable, and cancelled. The Swiss Banking Act 
addresses the order in which a debt-to-equity swap or a write-off of debt instruments (other than debt 
instruments qualifying as additional tier 1 capital or tier 2 capital) should occur: first, all subordinated 
obligations not qualifying as regulatory capital; second, debt instruments for loss absorbency in the course 
of insolvency measures (Schuldinstrumente zur Verlusttragung im Falle von Insolvenzmassnahmen) under 
the Swiss Ordinance concerning Capital Adequacy and Risk Diversification for Banks and Securities 
Dealers of 1 June 2012, as amended; third, all other obligations not excluded by law from a debt-to-equity 
swap or write-off (other than deposits), such as the Notes; and fourth, deposits to the extent in excess of the 
amount privileged by law. However, given the broad discretion granted to FINMA, any restructuring plan 
approved by FINMA in connection with restructuring proceedings with respect to the Issuer could provide 
that the claims under or in connection with the Notes will be fully or partially converted into equity or 
written-off, while preserving other obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes. Consequently, the exercise by FINMA of any of its statutory resolution powers or any 
suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or 
value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes and could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes. 
Once FINMA has opened restructuring proceedings with respect to the Issuer, it may consider factors such 
as the results of operations, financial condition (in particular, the level of indebtedness, potential future 
losses and/or restructuring costs), liquidity profile and regulatory capital adequacy of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries, or any other factors of its choosing, when determining whether to exercise any of its statutory 
resolution powers with respect to the Issuer, including, if it chooses to exercise such powers to order a debt-
to-equity swap and/or a write-off, whether to do so in full or in part. The criteria that FINMA may consider 
in exercising any statutory resolution power provide it with considerable discretion. Therefore, Noteholders 
may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of any such 
power and, consequently, its potential effects on the Notes and/or the Issuer. 
If the Issuer were to be subject to restructuring proceedings, the creditors whose claims are affected by the 
restructuring plan would not have a right to vote on, reject, or seek the suspension of the restructuring plan. 
In addition, if a restructuring plan with respect to the Issuer has been approved by FINMA, the rights of a 
creditor to challenge the restructuring plan or have the restructuring plan reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise (e.g., on the grounds that the plan would unduly prejudice the

--- Page 40 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Noteholder's rights or otherwise be in violation of the Swiss Banking Act) are very limited. Even if any of 
the Issuer's creditors were to successfully challenge the restructuring plan in court, the court could only 
require the relevant creditors to be compensated ex post and there is currently no guidance as to on what 
basis such compensation would be calculated and how it would be funded. Any such challenge (even if 
successful) would not suspend, or result in the suspension of, the implementation of the restructuring plan. 
The General Terms and Conditions do not contain any restrictions on change of control events or on the 
Issuer's or UBS's ability to restructure its business 
The General Terms and Conditions contain no restrictions on change of control events or structural changes, 
such as consolidations or mergers or demergers of the Issuer or the sale, assignment, spin-off, contribution, 
distribution, transfer or other disposal of all or any portion of the Issuer's or its subsidiaries' properties or 
assets in connection with changes to its legal structure or otherwise and no event of default, requirement to 
repurchase the Notes or other event will be triggered under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as a 
result of such changes. There can be no assurance that such changes, should they occur, would not adversely 
affect the credit rating of the Issuer and/or increase the likelihood of the occurrence of an event of default. 
Such changes, should they occur, may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to redeem or pay interest on the 
Notes (or otherwise fulfil its obligations with respect to the Notes) and/or lead to circumstances in which 
the Issuer may elect to cancel such interest (if applicable). 
The occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delayed and/or reduced payment. 
If a Payment Disruption Event is applicable to a Note, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, then, in the 
event that the Issuer determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur, then the 
relevant payment date in respect of the relevant Notes may be postponed to the date falling five Business 
Days (or such other date as may be determined by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders) after the date on 
which the Payment Disruption Event is no longer occurring. No accrued interest will be payable in respect 
of any such postponement and no Event of Default in respect of the Notes will result from such 
postponement. In the event that a Payment Disruption Event is still continuing on the date which is one 
year after the stated maturity date for the relevant Notes (the "Payment Event Cut-Off Date"), then (1) 
such payment date shall be extended to the Payment Event Cut-Off Date and (2) the remaining amounts 
payable under the Notes shall be deemed to be zero and the Issuer shall have no obligations whatsoever 
under the Notes. Therefore, in a case where Payment Disruption Event is relevant, the Noteholder of the 
affected Notes could lose all or a part of its investment. 
Modification and Waiver 
The General Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including (subject to paragraph (c) of 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution)) for the 
passing of resolutions by way of an Extraordinary Resolution, Written Resolution or Electronic Consent 
(each as defined in the Agency Agreement). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including such Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not 
participate in the process for obtaining the Written Resolution or Electronic Consent) and the Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement, unless paragraph (c) of Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) applies, regulations may be 
prescribed by the Issuer without the consent of Noteholders to facilitate the holding of meetings of 
Noteholders and attendance and voting at them. Such regulations may, with the consent of the Agent, 
provide for the holding of "virtual meetings", being any meeting held by any form of telephony or electronic 
platform or facility and which includes, without limitation, telephone and video conference call and 
application technology systems. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that paragraph (c) of Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and 
Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) applies, then, except as otherwise specified in 
paragraph (b) and paragraphs (d) through (j) of Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
of Terms and Conditions; Substitution), the Swiss statutory rules on bondholder meetings set forth in article 
1157 et seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations will apply and such provisions of Swiss law will apply in 
relation to meetings of Noteholders instead of the provisions on bondholder meetings described in 
paragraph (a) of Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions;

--- Page 41 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Substitution). In such case, in particular and based on Swiss law currently in effect, no virtual bondholder 
meetings will be allowed and any amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may only be done 
without the consent of the Noteholders if such consent is not required by such provisions of Swiss law. 
No consent or approval of Noteholders is required for a variation or amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in order to give effect to the provisions of paragraph (C) of Condition 6(b)(v) 
(Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes), of paragraph (D) of Condition 6(b)(vii) (Interest – 
Interest-Floating Rate – SARON Notes), of paragraph (A) of Condition 6(b)(viii) (Interest – Interest-
Floating Rate – CORRA Notes) and of Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)).  The Notes and 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may also be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to any modification to the Agency Agreement 
which, in the reasonable opinion of such parties, is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders or which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to any modification 
which is necessary, to correct a manifest error. 
Ratings 
Details of the solicited credit ratings assigned by S&P, Moody's and Fitch to UBS AG can be found in the 
section of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars headed "Description of UBS AG". 
Where a rating has been solicited for a particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable rating(s) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated by S&P, Moody's and/or Fitch, such rating(s) 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to UBS AG described in this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars or the rating(s) assigned by such credit rating agencies to Notes already issued. 
As a result of the CRA Regulation, if the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
Unsolicited ratings, which may differ from the ratings expected to be assigned by S&P, Moody's and Fitch, 
may also be assigned to any Tranche of Notes by other credit rating agencies. Issuance of an unsolicited 
credit rating which is lower than the ratings assigned by S&P, Moody's and Fitch may adversely affect the 
market value and/or liquidity of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any rating assigned to the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in these risk factors, and other factors that may affect the liquidity or market 
value of the Notes. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. Any 
adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of, and market for, 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Payments contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S. source assets or payments may be subject 
to U.S. withholding 
If payments on Notes are linked to one or more securities, or a basket containing one or more securities, 
issued by a U.S. issuer or to payments on such securities, it is possible that payments of principal, interest 
or disposition proceeds on the Note may be characterised, in whole or in part, as U.S. source income and 
may be subject to U.S. income or withholding tax. 
In particular, under Section 871(m) of the Code, a 30 per cent. withholding tax is imposed on certain 
"dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder with respect to a Tranche of Notes if 
such Notes are "specified equity-linked instruments" that reference one or more dividend-paying U.S. 
equity securities. The withholding tax can apply even if such Notes do not provide for payments that 
reference dividends. The withholding tax applies currently to all dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid 
on specified equity-linked instruments that have a delta of one ("delta one specified equity-linked 
instruments") and is scheduled to apply to all dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on all other 
specified equity-linked instruments issued after 2024. 
The Issuer will determine whether dividend equivalents on the Notes are subject to withholding as of the

--- Page 42 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
close of the relevant market(s) on the pricing date and the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the 
Notes are specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to withholding on dividend equivalents. If 
withholding is required, the Issuer (or the applicable paying agent) will withhold 30 per cent. in respect of 
dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on the Notes and will not pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any such taxes withheld. The Issuer will withhold this amount regardless of whether an investor is a 
United States person (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or a non-United States person that may otherwise be entitled to an exemption of 
reduction of tax on U.S. source dividend payments pursuant to an income tax treaty. 
Even if the Issuer determines that Notes are not specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to 
withholding on dividend equivalents, it is possible that such Notes could be deemed to be reissued for tax 
purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the underlying shares or Notes (including, but not 
limited to, a substitution of the obligor under the Notes), and following such occurrence the Notes could be 
treated as specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to withholding on dividend equivalent 
payments. It is also possible that withholding tax or other Section 871(m) tax could apply to the Notes 
under these rules if a Non-U.S. Holder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of 
the underlying shares. As described above, if withholding is required, the Issuer will withhold 30 per cent. 
in respect of dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on the Notes and will not pay any additional amounts 
with respect to any such taxes withheld. 
Additionally, in the event that withholding is required, the Issuer hereby notifies each holder that for the 
purposes of Section 871(m), the Issuer will withhold in respect of dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid 
on the Notes on the dividend payment date as described in Treasury regulations section 1.1441-2(e)(4) and 
section 3.03(B) of the form of Qualified Intermediary Agreement contained in Revenue Procedure 2017-
15, as applicable, regardless of whether such investor would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from or 
reduction of withholding on such payments (e.g., a United States person for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes or a non-United States person eligible for an exemption from or reduction in withholding pursuant 
to an income tax treaty). No assurance can be given that an investor will be able to successfully claim 
a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the tax rate that would otherwise apply to such payments. 
In the event of any withholding or deductions described above, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a Noteholder for any such withholding or deduction and, 
therefore, such Noteholder will receive an amount less than it would have otherwise received had no such 
withholding or deduction of taxes been required. 
Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding their acquisition and ownership of Notes 
the payments on which are contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S. source assets, in 
particular, the application of Section 871(m) and the regulations thereunder in respect of such Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
Risks Relating to Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
The method pursuant to which the Rate of Interest for any Floating Rate Note and any Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Note is determined may adversely affect the value of and return on such Notes 
Certain Reference Rates are deemed to be, or are based on, "benchmarks" that are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory scrutiny and reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective, 
while others are still to be formulated or implemented. 
As a result, if such a "benchmark" is specified as (or is a component of) the Reference Rate for the purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, 
there can be no guarantee that such Reference Rate will be determined, in the future, on the same basis as 
at the relevant Issue Date (if at all). 
More generally, any of the above-mentioned changes or any other consequential changes to any 
"benchmark" on which Rate of Interest for any Series of Floating Rate Notes or the Floating Rate of Interest 
for any Series of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes is based as a result of international, national, or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on such Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than CORRA Notes, SARON Notes and 
SOFR Notes) – Fallbacks 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes specify an alternative method for determining the Reference Rate if such rate (or any component of 
such rate) is not available at any relevant time on any relevant date (such alternative method as may be, in 
the case of any such Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, amended in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the "Fallback Mechanism").   
The application of the Fallback Mechanism to any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than the payments of interest that would have 
been made if the Reference Rate had been available at the relevant time on the relevant date.   
See also "Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than CORRA Notes, SARON 
Notes and SOFR Notes) – Benchmark Replacement" below. 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than CORRA Notes, SARON Notes and 
SOFR Notes) – Benchmark Replacement 
In the case of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than any Series of CORRA 
Notes, SARON Notes and SOFR Notes), if the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes and CORRA Notes)) is applicable, and the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then, notwithstanding the Fallback Mechanism applicable 
to such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a successor rate to the relevant Reference Rate (the 
"Existing Reference Rate") or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such 
successor rate, an alternative rate to Existing relevant Reference Rate, which rate will be (i) such alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) is in its reasonable discretion has replaced the Existing Reference 
Rate in customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or (ii) if the Independent Adviser determines that there 
is no alternative benchmark or screen rate, such other benchmark or screen rate that the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Existing Reference Rate. 
If on or prior to the Independent Adviser Cut-off Date the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which an Alternative Reference Rate, then the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) may 
make these determinations itself. Any such determination may also result in changes to, amongst other 
things, the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, and/or Interest Period and/or certain conditions in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes necessary in order to implement the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable). See "Risks Relating to the Notes Generally – Modification and Waiver". 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the terms 
of Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (following consultation with the Calculation Agent), as the case may be, may also 
determine whether to apply an Adjustment Spread, which is a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or a formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate, as applicable, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Existing Reference Rate with such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate. 
If it has been determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred, but (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and (ii) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, then the Rate of Interest for the Affected

--- Page 44 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Interest Period will be determined by reference to the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period for Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, 
will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest). 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including the determination to use (or not 
use) an Adjustment Spread) may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than, or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on such Notes if the 
Existing Reference Rate remained available in the form it is in on the relevant Issue Date. In addition, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes that are admitted to trading and 
listed, if the relevant stock exchange is unable to admit floating rate notes to trading and listing with 
respect to which the interest rate is based on the applicable Alternative Reference Rate, the use of such 
Alternative Reference Rate may result in the delisting of such Notes. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer may have to exercise its 
discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
Notes. 
SOFR Notes – Benchmark Replacement 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, for any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes that are SOFR Notes, if at any time at which the SOFR Reference Rate is required to be determined, 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, 
then the Rate of Interest will no longer be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined 
by reference to a different rate, which will be a different benchmark than SOFR (a "SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement"), and will reflect a spread adjustment (a "SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment"), 
as further described in Condition 6(b)(v) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes). 
In such case, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be the rate and spread adjustment that is the first 
alternative in the rates and spread adjustments described in the definition thereof that can be determined by 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any. These rates and spread adjustments may be 
selected, recommended or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the Alternative 
Reference Rates Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York), (ii) the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent (if any). In addition, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) 
determines that (A) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Observation Shift Period, 
SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (B) any 
other technical changes to any other provision of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that are necessary 
in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes expressly 
authorise the Issuer to amend such definitions and other provisions without the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Notes. See "Risks Relating to the Notes Generally – Modification and Waiver". The 
determination of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any applicable SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment), the calculation of the Rate of Interest by reference to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as described in Condition 6(b)(v) (Interest – Interest-Floating 
Rate – SOFR Notes) determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, to be necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and any other 
determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
connection with a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR 
Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which investors can sell such Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Any exercise of such discretion by the Issuer may present the Issuer with a conflict of interest. In 
addition, if an affiliate of the Issuer is appointed as the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, any exercise 
of such discretion by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent may present the Issuer or such affiliate

--- Page 45 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
with a conflict of interest. 
In addition, (i) the composition and characteristics of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the 
same as those of SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of SOFR, 
there can be no assurance that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as SOFR 
would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be a 
comparable substitute for SOFR (each of which means that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event could 
adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which 
investors can sell the Notes), (ii) any failure of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect such Notes, (iii) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may have a very 
limited history and the future performance of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based 
on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for notes linked to the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may make 
changes that could change the value of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to 
consider the interests of holders of the Notes in doing so. Furthermore, in the case of SOFR Notes that are 
admitted to trading and listed, if the relevant stock exchange is unable to admit floating rate notes to trading 
and listing with respect to which the interest rate is based on the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
the use of such SOFR Benchmark Replacement may result in the delisting of such SOFR Notes. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
SOFR Notes. 
SARON Notes – Fallbacks and Benchmark Replacement 
For any Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes that are SARON Notes, if for any Zurich 
Banking Day in any SARON Observation Period, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used or is no longer provided by the SARON Administrator, the 
Calculation Agent will use the fallback provisions set out in paragraph (3) of the definition of the term 
"SARON" set out in Condition 6(b)(vii)(A) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SARON Notes), which 
include using the rate, if any, that has been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland 
(i.e., a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate and giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any). If no such rate has been recommended within one Zurich Banking Day, the 
Calculation Agent will use the SNB Policy Rate (giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any) 
for such Zurich Banking Day in place of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for purposes of determining 
SARON Compounded for the relevant Interest Period. These provisions may result in the use of a 
reference rate that is not the same as the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as at the relevant Issue Date for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest for the remainder of the term of the Notes, and such rate may have 
different characteristics from the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as at the relevant Issue Date, including 
being based on different periods of time. 
The use of a reference rate other than the Swiss Average Rate Overnight in the form it is in on the 
relevant Issue Date may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than, or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments of interest that would have been made if the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight remained available in the same form as it was in as at the relevant Issue Date. 
In addition, in the case of SARON Notes that are admitted to trading and listed, if the relevant stock 
exchange is unable to admit floating rate notes to trading and listing with respect to which the interest 
rate is based on the applicable SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the use of such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate may result in the delisting of such SARON Notes. 
In respect of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes that are SARON Notes, if the 
conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of the term "SARON" in Condition 6(b)(vii)(A) 
(Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SARON Notes), have been satisfied and the relevant Final Terms 
specify that Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) is applicable, then the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine, in the Independent 
Adviser's discretion, an alternative reference rate to SARON, which rate shall be (i) such rate as the 
Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable discretion has replaced SARON in customary market 
usage, or (ii) if the Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable discretion that there is no such

--- Page 46 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
rate, such other rate that it determines in its reasonable discretion is most comparable to SARON in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) (the "Alternative 
SARON Reference Rate"). If prior to the Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails 
to determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate, then the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) may make these determinations itself. Any such determination by either the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer may also result in changes to Condition 6(b)(vii) (Interest – Interest-
Floating Rate – SARON Notes) and/or the definitions of SARON, SARON Observation Period or Zurich 
Banking Day in order to implement the Alternative SARON Reference Rate. See "Risks Relating to the 
Notes Generally – Modification and Waiver". 
Furthermore, if an Alternative SARON Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer in accordance with the terms of Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)), the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (following consultation with the Calculation Agent), 
as the case may be, may also determine whether to apply an Adjustment Spread, which is a spread (which 
may be positive or negative) or a formula or methodology for calculating any such spread in order to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of SARON with the 
Alternative SARON Reference Rate. 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of the term "SARON" in Condition 
6(b)(vii)(A) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SARON Notes) have been satisfied and the relevant Final 
Terms specify that Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) is applicable, but (i) the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to 
determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes and CORRA Notes)), and (ii) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Alternative 
SARON Reference Rate, SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day, for all succeeding Zurich 
Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and for all Zurich Banking Days in the 
SARON Observation Periods thereafter will be SARON determined as at the last Zurich Banking Day 
preceding the Affected Zurich Banking Day. 
The use of an Alternative SARON Reference Rate (including the determination to use (or not use) an 
Adjustment Spread) may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than, or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on such Notes if the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight remained available in the form it is in on the relevant Issue Date. Furthermore, 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)), the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or 
to elect not to determine) an Alternative SARON Reference Rate in a situation in which it is presented 
with a conflict of interest. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
SARON Notes. 
CORRA Notes – Fallbacks and Benchmark Replacement 
If CORRA is no longer published following a CORRA Index Cessation Event with respect to CORRA, the 
Fallback Mechanism provided for in the terms of the CORRA Notes will require the use of another 
Applicable Rate, as described below. There is no assurance that the characteristics and behaviour of any 
other Applicable Rate will be similar to CORRA, and such rates may result in interest payments that are 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on 
CORRA Notes if CORRA was available in its current form. In addition, such rates may not always operate 
as intended (including, without limitation, as a result of limited history and changes and developments in 
respect of such rates, the availability of rates information and the determination of the applicable adjustment 
spread (if any) at the relevant time). Uncertainty with respect to market conventions related to the 
calculation of another Applicable Rate and whether such alternative reference rate is a suitable replacement

--- Page 47 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
or successor for Compounded Daily CORRA may adversely affect the liquidity, return on, value and trading 
market for CORRA Notes. Further, the Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing CORRA that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with previous CORRA Notes or any other 
previous CORRA-referenced securities issued by it, which could result in increased volatility or could 
adversely affect the liquidity, return on, value and trading market for CORRA Notes. Any of the outcomes 
noted above may result in different than expected distributions and could materially affect the value of any 
CORRA Notes. 
If the Issuer determines that CORRA has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued, in relation to any 
Notes referencing CORRA, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer, where required), will 
determine an alternative rate and may make adjustments thereto in accordance with the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
If a CORRA Index Cessation Event occurs with respect to CORRA, a waterfall of alternative rates could 
be used to determine the rate of interest on CORRA Notes for any Interest Period in respect of which the 
Interest Determination Date occurs on or after the related CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date. Such 
alternative rates may not be a suitable replacement or successor for CORRA. If certain of the alternative 
rates are not available at the applicable Interest Determination Date, the next alternative rate in the waterfall 
will be used. Uncertainty with respect to market conventions related to the calculation of these alternative 
rates and whether any alternative reference rate is a suitable replacement or successor for CORRA, may 
adversely affect the value of, return on and trading market for CORRA Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a CORRA Index Cessation Event with respect to CORRA and a related CORRA 
Index Cessation Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may, in consultation with the Issuer, make changes 
and adjustments as set forth above that may adversely affect the liquidity, return on, value and trading 
market for CORRA Notes. 
The additional alternative rates for CORRA Notes are uncertain. In particular, the rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for CORRA by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Bank of Canada for the purpose of recommending a replacement for CORRA (which 
rate may be produced by the Bank of Canada or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator 
of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), 
published by an authorised distributor, has not been established as of the date hereof. 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of any of the alternative rates for CORRA will be similar to 
those of prior to the date a CORRA Index Cessation Event with respect to CORRA occurs, or that any such 
alternative rate will produce the economic equivalent of such rates. 
As a rate based on transactions secured by Government of Canada treasury bills and bonds, CORRA does 
not measure unsecured corporate credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured 
short-term funding costs of corporations. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
CORRA, or a term adjusted CORRA a suitable substitute or successor for the Canadian Dollar Offered 
Rate ("CDOR"), which ceases as of 28 June 2024, which may, in turn, lead to lessened market acceptance 
of CORRA. Further, multiple market conventions with respect to the implementation of CORRA as a base 
rate for floating rate notes or other securities may develop. The manner of calculation and related 
conventions with respect to the determination of interest rates based on CORRA in floating rate notes 
markets may differ materially compared with the manner of calculation and related conventions with 
respect to the determination of interest rates based on CORRA in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. 
The Bank of Canada has only been the administrator of CORRA since June 2020. The Bank of Canada may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of CORRA, including changes related 
to the method by which CORRA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate CORRA or timing related to the publication of CORRA. Any change in the manner in which 
CORRA is calculated may result in a change in the value of CORRA and reduce the amount of interest 
payable on CORRA Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices on such Notes. The administrator 
of CORRA may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of 
CORRA in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders 
of the notes or beneficial owners of interests in the notes in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, 
suspending or discontinuing CORRA.

--- Page 48 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
As CORRA is published by the Bank of Canada, the Issuer has no control over its determination, 
calculation, publication or availability. There can be no guarantee that CORRA will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in securities that 
reference CORRA, including CORRA Notes. If the manner in which CORRA is calculated is changed, 
then that change might result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant securities and 
the market prices of such securities, including CORRA Notes. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
CORRA Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to alternative risk free rates ("RFRs") which may be (or may 
be a component of) reference rates for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of interbank 
offered rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions have required or are 
requiring financial markets to transition away from IBORs to alternative RFRs which exclude the element 
of interbank lending. RFRs may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the 
majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen RFR is an overnight rate (for example, the euro short-term 
rate in respect of EUR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average in respect of GBP, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate in respect of USD, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight in respect of CHF, the Canadian 
Overnight Repo Rate Average in respect of CAD and the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate in respect of JPY), 
with the interest rate for floating rate notes for a relevant period generally calculated on a backward looking 
(compounded or simple weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a forward looking term. As 
such, investors should be aware that RFRs may behave materially differently to IBORs such as EURIBOR 
or committed lending rates such as CDOR referenced by Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes. Furthermore, the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
and the Swiss Average Rate Overnight are each secured rates that represent overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to RFRs as reference rates 
in the capital markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative risk free reference rates, including term reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of the average of such RFR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof (including the Issuer) may adopt an application of an RFR that 
differs significantly from that set out in the General Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes that reference an RFR. The development of RFRs as 
reference rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes that reference an RFR from time to 
time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of an RFR in the capital markets may differ materially 
when compared with the application and adoption of such RFR in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of RFRs 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing RFRs. 
Since RFRs are relatively new market indices, Notes linked to such rates may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to or referencing an RFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in 
interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of 
later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if any RFR does not prove to be widely used in 
securities, the trading price of a relevant Note linked to such RFR may be lower than those of Notes linked 
to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes linked to such rates may not be able to sell such 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that each RFR will not be discontinued 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked 
to such rates. If the manner in which an RFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on Notes linked to such rates and the trading prices of such Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
The relevant administrator of an RFR may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value, method or timing related to the publication of an RFR. In addition, the relevant administrator may 
alter, discontinue or suspend the calculation or dissemination of an RFR (in which case a fallback method 
of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The relevant administrator has no obligation to 
consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising, suspending or 
discontinuing an RFR. 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes may have a Reference Rate that constitutes or 
references a swap rate, which rate may be materially amended or discontinued 
Certain Reference Rates, such as the EUR ICE Swap Rate, the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate, the USD 
SOFR ICE Swap Rate and the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate, may constitute or reference swap rates.  Swap 
rates may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may cause one or more swap rate(s) to be 
discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any such events could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on the applicable Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes for which the Reference Rate constitutes or references such a swap rate. 
A number of swap rates that were previously based on swaps linked to an IBOR rate have now ceased and 
been replaced by new swap rates based on swaps linked to an RFR that have recently been developed (for 
example, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate and USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate). However, the composition of the 
new RFR swap rates is not the same as the IBOR swap rates, and they are not expected to be a comparable 
substitute or replacement for the IBOR swap rates. There can be no guarantee that any such RFR swap rate 
will be liquid, there is uncertainty as to how these new swap rates will perform and the method by which 
such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future (see "The market continues to develop in 
relation to alternative risk free rates ("RFRs") which may be (or may be a component of) reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes" above).  Additionally, there is very limited 
historical information on which to evaluate the performance of new swap rates based on swaps linked to an 
RFR and an investment in Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes with a Reference Rate 
that constitutes or references such a swap rate may involve more risk than investing in Floating Rates Notes 
or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes with a Reference Rate linked to benchmarks or indices with established 
performance records, where a longer history of performance may be available so that investors have more 
information on which to base an investment decision. 
Some swap rates are still linked to an IBOR rate (for example, the EUR ICE Swap Rate is based on swaps 
linked to EURIBOR). Generally, these are likely to become unavailable if the related IBOR rates were to 
become non-representative. 
If any swap rate ceases, the application of the Fallback Mechanism may result in interest payments in 
respect of the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes that are substantially lower 
than the payments of interest that would have been made if such swap rate had been available at the relevant 
time on the relevant date. It is impossible to predict the effect of any such fallbacks on the value of the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes.  Further, there is no assurance that the 
characteristics of any swap rate for successor or alternative interest provisions used for determining the 
interest rate on relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes following the application 
of the Fallback Mechanism, will be similar to the original swap rate, or that the replacement swap rate will 
produce the economic equivalent of the original swap rate.  Additionally, even where administrators have 
published new swap rates, there can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid or recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated 
may change in the future.  This could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes with a Reference Rate that constitutes or references a swap 
rate. 
The interest rate on Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, which 
can be expected to affect interest payments on such Notes and could affect the secondary market in and the 
market value of such Notes 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to but excluding the Floating Rate Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). Thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will convert to 
a floating rate, which rate will be determined for each interest period on the applicable interest 
determination date by reference to the reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as adjusted

--- Page 50 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
for any applicable margin, and may be subject to a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both. Upon such conversion, the floating rate of interest for the first (and any subsequent) interest 
period could be less than the initial fixed rate of interest and/or the spread on the Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate and, therefore, adversely affect the secondary market in and the market 
value of such Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of establishment of 
the relevant Branch through which the Issuer is acting (if applicable), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer is or becomes subject to tax, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax as a result of any change in laws or regulations of the relevant jurisdiction, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Additionally, the General Terms and Conditions provide for early redemption of Notes in certain other 
circumstances, if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Such circumstances include it 
becoming illegal or impossible to hold, acquire, or dispose of the Notes by the Issuer or its affiliates or the 
Issuer or its affiliates will incur materially increased costs in performing its obligations under such Notes 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulations or due to the promulgation of or 
any change in interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulations. 
If the relevant Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Fair Market Value)), the Fair Market Value Amount will be equal to the fair 
market value of the Notes prior to redemption, less allowances for costs associated with the unwinding of 
any related underlying hedging arrangements which were put in place to provide the returns on the Notes. 
Consequently, the early redemption amount an investor in such Notes receives may be less than their 
original investment and an investor could lose some or all of their money. Also, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the redemption of the Fair Market Value Amount in the Specified Currency is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at the Fair Market Value Amount in 
another currency converted at the spot rate between the Specified Currency and such other currency. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at 
the Issuer's option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the relevant Notes at times when its cost of alternative 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the relevant Notes. In such an event, an investor may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that 
of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
whether and how to reinvest the proceeds of such redemption in light of other investments available at that 
time. There can be no assurance that holders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the relevant Notes. An optional redemption feature 
is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the 
Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. There is no requirement to redeem the 
relevant Notes or any other debt instruments of the Issuer which rank pari passu with the relevant Notes 
being redeemed on a pro rata basis or otherwise should the Issuer exercise its right to redeem the relevant 
Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream 
Frankfurt, SIS, the CMU and/or DTC and the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes are registered with SIS, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Certain Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or 
issued as Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes: 
• 
In the case of Global Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is 
not applicable or the Global Registered Notes are not to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg"), Clearstream

--- Page 51 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
Banking AG ("Clearstream Frankfurt") with or on behalf of DTC, or with a sub-custodian for 
the Central Moneymarkets Unit (the "CMU") operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the 
"HKMA") or, in the case of Bearer SIS Notes, with SIX SIS Ltd ("SIS") or such other intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange (or such other 
applicable trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, if applicable) 
for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA (the "SIS Note Intermediary"). If the New Global Note 
form is applicable or the relevant Global Registered Note is to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, then the Global Notes will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg. 
• 
In the case of Uncertified Swiss SIS Notes, such Notes will be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes, investors will not 
be entitled to receive definitive Notes. 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, DTC, and/or the CMU will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. In the case of SIS Notes, the records of the SIS Note 
Intermediary will determine the number of SIS Notes held through each participant in the SIS Note 
Intermediary. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes), 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, 
Clearstream Frankfurt, DTC and/or the CMU. In the case of SIS Notes, so long as they constitute 
Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred by entry of the transferred SIS Notes in a securities 
account of the transferee. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or are Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, the 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments (through, in the case of 
SIS Notes, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent) to the common depositary, common safekeeper or the 
relevant clearing system, as applicable, for Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and 
the SIS Note Intermediary or to DTC or a nominee thereof for distribution to their account holders, or, in 
the case of the CMU, to the persons for whose account(s) interests in such Global Note are credited as being 
held in the CMU in accordance with the agreements, rules and regulations governing the CMU (the "CMU 
Rules"). A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or a holder of an SIS Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, SIS, DTC, the CMU or any 
other relevant clearing system to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes or SIS Notes held through any participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes (except for holders of Bearer SIS Notes) will not have a 
direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to 
the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, DTC and/or 
the CMU to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes 
(except holders of Bearer SIS Notes) will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement 
action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their 
rights under the Deed of Covenant (in the case of Bearer Notes, in global form only), or mandatory rules in 
accordance with international private law. 
Any holder of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes may cause the conversion of all the Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes of the same Series into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form and Denomination – Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes), any holder 
of an Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note may elect to convert such Note, together with all the other 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes of the same Series, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes. The holders 
of such other Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will not be able to prevent such conversion and, as a 
result of such conversion, such Notes will be removed from the main register (Hauptregister) of UBS 
Switzerland AG and entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIS or such other SIS Note 
Intermediary. See "Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, SIS, the CMU and/or DTC and the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
are registered with SIS, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer" above.

--- Page 52 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it 
will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including 
unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations in respect of subordinated debt) in full before it can make 
any payments on the relevant Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after 
these payments to pay amounts due under the relevant Notes. 
Risks Relating to Notes issued as Green Bonds 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not meet investor expectations or requirements 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes are Green Bonds. In 
such case, it is intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issuance of such Notes to finance, refinance or otherwise maintain new and existing Eligible Assets 
(which can be identified on a UBS AG Group-wide basis), as further described in the UBS Green Funding 
Framework. 
No assurance is given that any Eligible Asset that may be allocated to Notes issued as Green Bonds for 
purposes of the UBS Green Funding Framework will meet the goals of the UBS Green Funding Framework 
or that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which 
an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, UBS Green 
Funding Framework (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical 
screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, 
or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom). 
No assurance can be given that any Eligible Asset will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such 
labels as they may evolve from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be 
compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and 
processes in the UBS Green Funding Framework.  It is not clear if the establishment of the European Green 
Bonds ("EuGB") label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally 
sustainable" under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and 
pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the 
optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under the Programme. It could result in 
reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued 
under the Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. 
Additionally, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the structure described 
in the UBS Green Funding Framework, or any aspect thereof (including the approach of identifying Eligible 
Assets on a UBS AG Group-wide basis and allocation to maintenance of existing Eligible Assets), will 
satisfy any present or future investment criteria, market standards or law and regulations applicable to the 
investor or the by-laws, internal regulations or internal guidelines with which an investor is required, or 
intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact 
of any project or uses. 
If the use of the proceeds of Notes issued as Green Bonds is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in 
such Notes, they should (i) have regard to the information in "Use of Proceeds" and under "Use of 
Proceeds" in the Final Terms relating to such Notes, as well as the factors described in the UBS Green 
Funding Framework, to determine for themselves the relevance of such information and factors for the 
purpose of an investment in such Notes, together with any other investigation they deem necessary, and (ii) 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding their purchase 
of any such Notes before deciding to invest. There is no obligation of the Issuer to directly or indirectly 
fund Eligible Assets with the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bond. Each prospective investor in 
Notes issued as Green Bonds should also be aware that, as described under "Use of Proceeds", the UBS 
Green Funding Framework (including the Eligible Asset categories) may be subject to review and change

--- Page 53 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time, including after 
the issue date of any such Green Bonds, and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description 
given in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, and any such resulting changes to the UBS Green 
Funding Framework may also apply to Notes that were issued as Green Bonds prior to the date of such 
amendment, update, supplement, replacement and/or withdrawal. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date hereof, the 
third party providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any such Notes must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any Notes issued as Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issuance of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to maintain new and existing Eligible Assets as further 
described in the UBS Green Funding Framework, and will evaluate, select and report on Eligible Assets as 
described in the UBS Green Funding Framework, there is no contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. 
There can also be no assurance that any assets or type(s) of assets qualifying as Eligible Assets pursuant to 
the UBS Green Funding Framework will be available or meet the required principles and standards at any 
time and, accordingly, that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will be able to use an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (either totally or partially) to maintain Eligible Assets as 
intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Asset will achieve the certifications, 
impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. 
Noteholders will have no direct or indirect interest in, or recourse to, any Eligible Asset, and Eligible Assets 
are not collateral for the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Additionally, none of: 
• 
a failure by the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issuance of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (either totally or partially) to maintain Eligible 
Assets as described in the relevant Final Terms, "Use of Proceeds" and the UBS Green Funding 
Framework; 
• 
a failure of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries to evaluate, select and report on Eligible Assets 
as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework; 
• 
a failure of a third party to issue (or the withdrawal by a third party of) an opinion or certification 
in connection with the UBS Green Funding Framework or any Notes issued as Green Bonds; 
• 
the failure of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements 
regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels or characteristics; or 
• 
a failure of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to be or continue to be listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid, 
will (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
or constitute a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other 
purpose or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Green Bond or give any Noteholder 
the right to require redemption of its Notes. However, the occurrence of any of the above factors may have

--- Page 54 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors in 
such Notes that have portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the 
need to sell such Notes as a result of such Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or 
mandate). 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are regulations on the remittance of Renminbi into and out 
of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in regulation by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly in respect of trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as 
other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account 
items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-
border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in 
the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the 
PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term regulations on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes denominated in 
Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi 
Notes 
As a result of the regulations on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement Arrangements") on the 
clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing Banks") in a number 
of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established the Cross-Border 
Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, and is further in the 
process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the 
current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are regulations imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC, 
although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market 
for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore 
liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for 
limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating

--- Page 55 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline. 
The occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event may lead to a delayed and/or reduced payment or 
payment in another currency 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable, then, in the event 
that the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that any of the following events has occurred or is likely to 
occur: (i) an event that makes it impossible or impractical for the Issuer to convert any amounts in CNY 
due in respect of the Notes in the general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s), (ii) an event that makes it impossible or impractical for the Issuer to deliver CNY between 
accounts inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) or from an account 
outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), 
or (iii) the general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its payment obligations (in 
whole or in part) under the Notes (each, a "CNY Payment Disruption Event"), then, if "Date 
Postponement" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant payment date in 
respect of the Notes may be postponed to the date falling five Business Days (or such other date as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to Noteholders) after the date on which the CNY Payment 
Disruption Event is no longer occurring. No accrued interest will be payable in respect of any such 
postponement and no Event of Default in respect of the Notes will result from such postponement. In the 
event that a CNY Payment Disruption Event is still continuing on the date which is one year after the stated 
maturity date (the "Payment Event Cut-Off Date") then (1) such payment date shall be extended to the 
Payment Event Cut-Off Date and (2) the remaining amounts payable under the Notes shall be deemed to 
be zero and the Issuer shall have no obligations whatsoever under the Notes. Therefore, in a case where 
a CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Noteholder could lose all or part of its investment in the Notes. If the Issuer determines, in its sole 
discretion, that a CNY Payment Disruption Event has occurred and "Payment of Equivalent Amount" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may make payment of the 
equivalent amount of the relevant Interest Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount, or 
other amount payable under the Notes, in another currency as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of PRC 
laws and regulations on foreign exchange and prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 56 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes 
propose to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount 
they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes applicable to the relevant Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by global instruments held with the common depositary or common safekeeper (or a 
nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper), as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong, (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented 
by global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or registered with the CMU, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing CMU rules and procedures, or (iii) 
for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by Notes in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer 
cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to 
a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or 
PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. 
The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived 
by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of the Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules 
have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 
per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual holder from the transfer 
of the Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual 
holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Renminbi 
Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of Renminbi 
Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 57 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME IN RELATION TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER A 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The following information is only an overview of the key features of the Programme and is solely in respect 
of any Notes which will be issued under the Programme pursuant to the relevant Pricing Supplement and 
which will not require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. To determine the terms and 
conditions which apply to any issue of Notes it is necessary to read the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
the "General Terms and Conditions" and the relevant Pricing Supplement which will complete, amend, 
supplement, modify and/or replace such terms and conditions. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that such Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
The relevant Pricing Supplement for the Notes will be prepared using one of the two forms contained in 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (see "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" and "Pro Forma 
Alternative Pricing Supplement" below), as elected by the Issuer. 
Issuer 
UBS AG (the "Issuer"), acting through its head offices in Basel and 
Zurich ("UBS Head Office") or its London branch, Jersey branch, 
Australian branch, Hong Kong branch or any of its other branches 
outside Switzerland as it shall determine from time to time (the 
London branch, Jersey branch, Australian branch, Hong Kong branch 
or such other branch, a "Branch"). 
Arranger  
UBS AG London Branch 
Dealers 
UBS AG London Branch 
UBS Europe SE 
UBS Securities LLC 
UBS AG 
Other dealers may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally for the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or 
Tranche of Notes. 
Agents 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association 
UBS AG 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS Europe SE 
Luxembourg Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Irish Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS AG 
CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent 
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited 
Registrars 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association

--- Page 58 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
UBS AG 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS Europe SE 
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (in respect 
of Notes cleared through the CMU) 
Alternative Agents, Paying 
Agents and Registrars 
If another Person is appointed as Agent, Paying Agent or Registrar in 
respect of a particular Series of Notes, such Person will be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Programme Amount 
The aggregate nominal amount outstanding under the Programme at 
any time is unlimited. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered 
form ("Registered Notes") or in uncertificated form. 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes may be issued in global form or 
definitive form. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, Bearer Notes may be exchanged for Registered Notes; 
however, Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
The term "Notes" refers to Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Notes in 
definitive or global form and Uncertificated Swiss Notes (as defined 
below). 
 
Notes that are deposited with, or registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of, SIS SIX Ltd ("SIS") or such other intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange (or such other applicable trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, if applicable) for purposes 
of article 6(1)(c) of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 
3 October 2008, as amended (the "FISA") (the "SIS Note 
Intermediary") (such Notes, "SIS Notes") will be (i) in the case of 
SIS Notes issued by a Branch, Bearer Notes ("Bearer SIS Notes"), (ii) 
in the case of SIS Notes issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG, London 
Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch, issued in uncertificated form 
("Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes"). 
UBS Head Office, UBS AG, London Branch or UBS AG Jersey 
Branch may also issue Notes in uncertificated form that are initially 
registered in the main register (Hauptregister) of UBS Switzerland AG as 
intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the 
FISA (the "Non-SIS Note Intermediary") (the "Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes"). With respect to the Uncertificated Swiss 
Non-SIS Notes of any Series, any Noteholder may elect to convert the 
Notes of such Series, in whole but not in part, into Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form and 
Denomination − Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes). 
The SIS Notes and the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes are, 
together, the "Swiss Notes".  
Bearer Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) may initially 
be represented by any one or more of (i) one or more temporary global 
Notes or, (ii) one or more permanent global Notes which will be issued 
in new global note ("New Global Note" of "NGN") form. If the 
relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that the New Global Note

--- Page 59 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
form is not applicable, then the Bearer Note will be a classic global 
note ("Classic Global Note" or "CGN"). In the case of Bearer Notes 
initially represented by a temporary or permanent global Note (each 
a "Global Note"), if the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that the 
New Global Note form is not applicable, the global Note will be 
deposited with a depositary for one, or a common depositary for more 
than one, clearing system, including Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and SIS, or a sub-custodian for 
the CMU. Otherwise, if the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that 
the New Global Note form is applicable, each global Note will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. Temporary global Notes will be 
exchanged for either (i) a permanent global Note which will be held by 
a depositary for one, or a common depositary or common safekeeper 
for more than one, clearing system, or a sub-custodian for the CMU or 
(ii) definitive Notes, in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
relevant temporary global Note. In the case of Notes cleared through 
the CMU, the CMU may require that any such exchange for a 
permanent global Note is made in whole and not in part and in such 
event, no such exchange will be effected until all relevant 
accountholders (as set out in a CMU Issue Position Report) (as defined 
in the CMU Rules) or any other relevant notification supplied to the 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU have provided 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. A permanent global 
Note may be exchanged for definitive Notes only in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the relevant permanent global Note. Bearer 
Notes are subject to US tax law requirements. See "Selling 
Restrictions" below. 
 
Notes that are initially deposited with a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Pricing Supplement) 
other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, the CMU, or any accounts held 
with other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to 
the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg 
or other clearing systems. 
Each Tranche of Bearer SIS Notes will be represented exclusively by 
a permanent global Note (Globalurkunde auf Dauer) which shall be 
deposited with SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. The permanent 
global Note will only be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Notes if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after 
consultation with the Issuer, that the printing of definitive Notes is 
necessary or useful, or the presentation of definitive Notes is required 
by applicable laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement 
of the rights of noteholders. Neither the Issuer nor any holder of Bearer 
SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of the permanent global Note documenting such Bearer 
SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities 
(Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes which are sold in reliance on Regulation S, will 
initially be represented by one or more unrestricted global notes 
("Unrestricted Global Note") which will either be: (a) in the case of 
a Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other relevant

--- Page 60 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
clearing system, and/or lodged with a sub-custodian for, and registered 
in the name of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority as the operator of, 
the CMU, and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited 
on or about the issue date with the common depositary or registered 
in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and any relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date 
with a custodian for DTC; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 144A will initially be 
represented by one or more permanent global restricted registered 
Notes (each, a "Restricted Global Note" and together with any 
Unrestricted Global Notes, the "Global Registered Notes"), without 
Coupons or Talons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC or, subject 
to compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and clearing system 
requirements, deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Notes eligible for sale in the United States to QIBs and to persons that 
are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will initially be in 
registered form and may be represented by a single unified global note 
(each, a "Unified Global Note") which will be deposited with, and 
registered in the name of, a common depository (or its nominee) on 
behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
References herein to a "Global Note Certificate" include, as the 
context so requires, an Unrestricted Global Note, a Restricted Global 
Note and/or a Unified Global Note. 
The Registered Notes are constituted by the Deed of Covenant. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS 
Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S only. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated 
securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c 
of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer 
by means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch), 
and 
be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. Neither the 
Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note nor any 
third party will at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note into, or the delivery 
of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually 
certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will be offered and sold in 
reliance on Regulation S only. 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated 
securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by 
means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch), 
and 
be 
entered 
into 
the 
main 
register

--- Page 61 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(Hauptregister) of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. A Series of 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will not be registered with the 
SIS or any other central securities depository, unless and until any 
Noteholder elects to convert the Notes of such Series, in whole but not 
in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with 
Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form and Denomination − Uncertificated Swiss 
Non-SIS Notes). Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Note will at any time have the right to effect or demand 
the conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note into, or the 
delivery of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or 
individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Series and Tranches 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches of Notes issued on different issue dates 
(each a "Tranche"). The Notes of each Tranche will have identical 
terms and conditions; however, except in the case of SIS Notes, a 
Tranche may comprise Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered 
form. Other than the issue date, the issue price and the date for the first 
payment of interest, the Notes of each Series will have identical terms, 
however, except in the case of SIS Notes, a Series may comprise Notes 
in bearer form and Notes in registered form. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount or premium to par and 
either on a fully or partly paid basis. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance with all relevant legal or 
regulatory requirements. 
Multi-Currency Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be denominated in one currency and 
payments in relation to the Notes may be made in one or more 
different currencies. 
Denominations 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements save that (i) 
the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public either in a 
Member State or in the UK in circumstances which would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus under either the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be EUR100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) and (ii) Notes in registered form 
sold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be issued in denominations of at least 
US$100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency rounded upwards 
as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement) and higher integral 
multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its equivalent as aforesaid). 
Maturity of Notes 
The Notes may be issued with any maturity subject to compliance with 
all relevant legal or regulatory requirements. 
The minimum maturity for Subordinated Notes (as defined below) is 5 
years. 
Redemption 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other redemption amount 
above or below par as may be determined by the Issuer. 
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons and other 
reasons as specified in the General Terms and Conditions and, subject 
to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements, will otherwise be

--- Page 62 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
permitted at the option of the Issuer or a Noteholder to the extent 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Index-linked Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) in respect of index-linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to such stock, commodity, obligation, index, 
currency exchange rate or formula as determined by the Issuer (all 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). Index-linked Notes 
will be settled either on a cash basis or physical settlement basis, as 
indicated in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Interest 
Notes may or may not bear interest. Interest (if any) may be at a fixed 
rate, floating rate or fixed rate/floating rate and may vary during the 
lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes which are "Fixed Rate Notes" will bear fixed interest payable 
in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement and at maturity. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes which are "Floating Rate Notes" will bear interest by reference 
to such reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest Periods 
will be selected by the Issuer prior to issue and specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. Floating Rate Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes 
Notes which are "Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes" will initially bear 
interest at the fixed rate specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
thereafter, the interest rate will convert to a floating rate, which rate 
will be determined on the basis of the reference rate specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement and reset on the date or dates specified 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement, as adjusted for any applicable 
Margin (as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). Such 
floating rate may be subject to maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both.  
Other Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be issued with such terms and conditions as 
may be determined by the Issuer. The terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes will be the General Terms and Conditions as amended, 
supplemented, modified or replaced by the information contained in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons are unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Notes 
may be senior notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated notes 
("Subordinated Notes") as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
Senior Notes 
Except as may be provided by any legislation, the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under Senior Notes and their Coupons will at all times 
rank equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Subordinated Notes and 
their Coupons will at all times rank equally with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer other than subordinated obligations which are 
expressed to rank junior to the Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
Substitution of the Issuer and 
Issuing Branch Substitution 
The Issuer may, at its option and having given notice to the 
Noteholders, designate, without the consent of any Noteholders, an 
Affiliate (as defined below) to assume liability for the due and 
punctual payment of all payments on all Notes then outstanding in the 
relevant Series and the performance of all the Issuer's other obligations 
under all the Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series, the 
applicable Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
 
Prior to any such substitution of the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option 
and having given notice to the Noteholders, (i) cease to make 
payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due under all 
Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series and fulfil any of its other 
obligations and exercise any of its rights and powers in respect of, or 
arising under, all Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series through 
the Branch or the UBS Head Office, as applicable, through which it is 
acting at the time of the relevant notice, and (ii) commence making 
such payments, fulfilling such other obligations and exercising such 
powers and rights through another Branch or the UBS Head Office (if 
the Issuer was not acting through the UBS Head Office at the time of 
the relevant notice). 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of future 
taxes, duties or other withholdings imposed by or in (i) in the case of 
Notes issued through a Branch, the location of the relevant Branch, (ii) 
Switzerland and (iii) any other jurisdiction in which the Issuer is or 
becomes subject to tax unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. If such taxes are required to be withheld or deducted, 
the Issuer will pay additional amounts in respect of the Notes subject 
to the customary exceptions. 
In the case of Notes issued by UBS Head Office, these exceptions 
include the Swiss federal withholding tax (which, as at the date of this 
Base Listing Particulars, is set at a rate of 35 per cent.) to which all 
payments of interest on such Notes will be subject, and no additional 
amounts shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of any such withholding. 
The holder of any such Note residing in Switzerland who, at the time 
the payment of interest is due, is the beneficial recipient of the 
payment of interest and who duly reports the gross payment of interest 
in his or her tax return and, as the case may be, in the statement of 
income, is entitled to a full refund of or a full tax credit for the Swiss 
federal withholding tax. A holder of any such Note who is not resident 
in Switzerland may be able to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss 
federal withholding tax by virtue of provisions of an applicable double 
taxation treaty, if any, between Switzerland and the country of 
residence of such holder. 
ERISA 
In certain circumstances Benefit Plan Investors may purchase or hold 
Notes (or an interest therein). See "ERISA and Related 
Considerations". 
Listing/Admission to 
Trading 
Each Series may be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or may be 
unlisted. Notes may also be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange or admitted to trading and/or listed on any other 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland or be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, which 
does not require a prospectus to be prepared under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 64 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by English law; provided, however, that, on or prior to 
the Issue Date for the first Tranche of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes to be issued under the Programme, the Issuer will enter into an 
agency agreement that will apply to all Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes and it will apply to any Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
if so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, which agreement 
will be governed by Swiss law. 
The Notes (other than Swiss Notes) and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) 
are governed by English law, except for, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Condition 5(b) (Status of the Notes − Subordinated Notes), 
which is governed by Swiss law. 
The Swiss Notes are governed by Swiss law. 
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions 
The Notes are subject to restrictions on their offer, sale, delivery and 
transfer, as described under "Selling Restrictions" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
Further restrictions may be required in connection with particular 
Series or Tranches of Notes, and, if so, will be specified in the 
documentation relating to the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Enforcement of Bearer Notes 
in Global Form 
In the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) in global 
form, held in a clearing system, investors will have certain direct rights 
of enforcement against the Issuer in the event of such global note 
becoming void ("Direct Rights"). The Direct Rights are contained in 
the Deed of Covenant, copies of which are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the office of the relevant Agent. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC, Clearstream Frankfurt, 
SIS, the CMU and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement. A Series of Uncertificated Swiss 
Non-SIS Notes will not be registered with the SIS or any other central 
securities depository unless and until the Notes of such Series are 
converted, in whole but not in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS 
Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form and Denomination 
– Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes).  
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Rule 144A 
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A will be permitted, if 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to compliance 
with all relevant, legal and regulatory requirements of the United States 
of America. 
Use of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Series or Tranche of Notes (i) when 
issued by the Issuer acting through any Branch, will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, in each case 
outside Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the 
Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without payments in 
respect of the Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for 
Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland or (ii) when issued by UBS Head Office, will be used by 
the Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting the

--- Page 65 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group. If, in respect 
of any Series or Tranche of Notes, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, for example the Notes are issued as "Green Bonds", this 
will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Please see 
"Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 66 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated in and taken to form part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars: 
(a) 
UBS AG's first quarter 2024 report for the three months ended 31 March 2024 (the "UBS AG First 
Quarter 2024 Report"), furnished on Form 6-K to the SEC on 7 May 2024 (currently accessible 
at: https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings); 
(b) 
UBS AG's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023, which the Issuer filed on Form 20-
F with the SEC on 28 March 2024 (the "Annual Report 2023") (currently accessible at: 
https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings); 
(c) 
UBS AG's standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the "Standalone 
Financial Statements 2023"), furnished on Form 6-K to the SEC on 28 March 2024 (currently 
accessible at: https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings); 
(d) 
UBS AG's unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information for the year ended 31 
December 2023, prepared to reflect the proposed combination of UBS AG with Credit Suisse AG, 
furnished as an exhibit to the Form 6-K which the Issuer filed with the SEC on 28 March 2024 
(currently accessible at: https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings); 
(e) 
the articles of association of UBS AG dated 23 April 2024 (currently accessible at: 
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/our-firm/governance/ubs-ag/articles-of-association.html); and 
(f) 
the terms and conditions set out on: 
(i) 
pages 18-35 of the base prospectus dated 1 July 2005 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/909f38a3-7b43-4b58-
b3eb-1ba90ea0834f.PDF); 
(ii) 
pages 18-36 of the base prospectus dated 3 July 2006 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9ecc88de-7743-4a7f-ac7a-
60f57f88f3b2.pdf); 
(iii) 
pages 19-36 of the base prospectus dated 4 July 2007 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/b61bacf5-70e6-4298-
b6b1-5008cc00f143.pdf); 
(iv) 
pages 18-35 of the base prospectus dated 4 July 2008 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/ec4a18ec-e651-44ee-
9c94-9cd4861e14fb.pdf); 
(v) 
pages 18-35 of the base prospectus dated 20 April 2009 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/c19b07d0-572a-4a66-
b769-02d7c1154d6a.pdf); 
(vi) 
pages 23-41 of the base prospectus dated 27 August 2009 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/10b537ce-64e9-462c-
bdb5-a06940f45455.pdf); 
(vii) 
pages 18-37 of the base prospectus dated 25 August 2010 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/cfc34f56-fada-496a-
871b-9502ae17a7b8.PDF); 
(viii) 
pages 19-38 of the base prospectus dated 25 August 2011 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0ef97dee-0c78-44f7-9681-
6d4c73bba0af.pdf);

--- Page 67 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
(ix) 
pages 23-46 of the base prospectus dated 27 June 2012 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a890c495-56db-4ebb-b30d-
576c794048ac.pdf); 
(x) 
pages 37-63 of the base prospectus dated 25 June 2013 (accessible at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8b1ec97f-9d11-4b91-865a-
114deab87712.PDF); 
(xi) 
pages 39-68 of the base prospectus dated 24 June 2014 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7caf1f17-362c-42ae-bf5c-
7a6ae094dafd.PDF); 
(xii) 
pages 58-87 of the base prospectus dated 22 June 2015 (accessible at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_ad668981-d2fc-4f61-96f2-
4218ab83c5fd.PDF); 
(xiii) 
pages 56-85 of the base prospectus dated 22 June 2016 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e41059a3-27d6-4cff-922e-
afe715c65551.PDF); 
(xiv) 
pages 58-88 of the base prospectus dated 31 May 2017 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+31.05.17_6631a618-e12c-424f-
86a2-735c4ad69a58.PDF); 
(xv) 
pages 58-88 of the base prospectus dated 31 May 2017 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+31.05.17_6631a618-e12c-424f-
86a2-735c4ad69a58.PDF), as amended by page 7 of the base prospectus supplement 
dated 
25 
August 
2017 
(accessible 
at 
https: 
//www.ise.ie/debt_documents/F%20Supplement_8420040b-ccd0-4460-a4ba-
a340846eae73.PDF); 
(xvi) 
pages 58-89 of the base prospectus dated 31 May 2018 (accessible at https: 
//www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Listing%20Particulars%2031.05.2018
_2ef94f45-cfb7-4eb0-a3c9-88c2cc54687d.PDF); 
(xvii) 
pages 69-108 of the base prospectus dated 7 June 2019 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a82efa08-0949-40dc-a69e-
351c25331677.PDF); 
(xviii) 
pages 57-97 of the base prospectus dated 5 June 2020 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b99328f5-df7d-4106-b506-
8c61a89a2b3a.PDF); 
(xix) 
pages 60-116 of the base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/b243e92e-ecce-4158-
9bb3-109758165a50.PDF); 
(xx) 
pages 60-116 of the base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/b243e92e-ecce-4158-
9bb3-109758165a50.PDF), as amended by page 18 of the base prospectus supplement 
dated 30 July 2021 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/05b61685-800b-4a63-9ccc-4ff110c52488.PDF);

--- Page 68 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(xxi) 
pages 61-118 of the supplement to the base prospectus dated 26 May 2022 (accessible at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/d09e15c3-8be9-4c78-9e3f-93beb731b7d3.PDF); and 
(xxii) 
pages 57-119 of the base prospectus dated 15 June 2023 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202306/fd67e4a8-8e2b-4af2-
83b1-0ce6102dba8b.pdf). 
These documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are either not relevant for the investor or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or in a document incorporated or 
deemed incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars will be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars to the extent that 
a statement contained in any subsequent document modifies or supersedes that statement. Any statement 
that is modified or superseded in this manner will no longer be a part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars, except as modified or superseded. 
The consolidated financial statements of UBS AG and auditor's report thereon contained in the Annual 
Report 2023 are incorporated by reference herein to comply with certain requirements of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Euronext Dublin. 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission to trading of the Notes, that if while the Notes 
are outstanding and admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to 
trading on the Regulated Market and/or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin there shall occur 
any significant new factor which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (or any 
supplements thereto or any of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars) and/or there shall be any material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (or any supplements thereto or any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars), in each case which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of any 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or, as the case may be, publish 
a new Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars for use in connection with any subsequent offering by the 
Issuer of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to trading on the Regulated Market and/or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issuer will, at its specified offices in Switzerland and at the specified offices of the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg, provide, free of charge, upon the oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars (or any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars), including any amendment or supplement hereto. 
Websites specified in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars are provided for convenience only and 
their contents do not form any part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars.

--- Page 69 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
UBS AG (the "Issuer") has established a programme (the "Programme") under which it will issue notes 
and other debt securities (the "Notes"), in each case acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich 
("UBS Head Office") or its London branch ("UBS AG London Branch"), Jersey branch ("UBS AG 
Jersey Branch"), Australia branch ("UBS AG Australia Branch"), Hong Kong branch ("UBS AG Hong 
Kong Branch") or one of its other branches outside of Switzerland as it may from time to time determine 
(UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch, UBS AG Australia Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong 
Branch or the Issuer acting through such other branch outside of Switzerland, a "Branch"). The Notes will 
be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes issued on 
different issue dates (each a "Tranche"). The Notes of each Tranche will have identical terms and 
conditions; however, except in the case of Swiss Notes (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions 
(as defined below)), a Tranche may comprise Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered form. The Notes 
of each Series will have identical terms; however, the issue date for each Tranche will, and the issue price 
and the date for the first payment of interest of each Tranche may, be different from the issue date, the issue 
price and the date for the first payment of interest in other Tranches of the same Series. 
In connection with each issue of Notes, where such issue requires a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") the Issuer will prepare final terms (the "Final Terms") or a 
drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") which will contain the information which 
specifically relates to that issue of Notes. 
In connection with each issue of Notes, where such issue does not require a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare a pricing supplement using one of the two forms contained in this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (see "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" and "Pro Forma Alternative 
Pricing Supplement" below), as elected by the Issuer (the "Pricing Supplement"), which will contain the 
information which specifically relates to such issue of Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes, the Final Terms may contain provisions which complete, and the Pricing 
Supplement or the Drawdown Prospectus may contain provisions which supplement, modify or replace, all 
or any part of the General Terms and Conditions for the purpose of that issue alone. In relation to the terms 
and conditions of any issue of Notes, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between the General 
Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions which appear in the relevant Final Terms, the Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, the terms and conditions which appear in such Final 
Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus shall prevail. 
To determine the terms and conditions which apply to a particular issue of Notes, it is necessary (i) to refer 
to the general terms and conditions as appearing in the Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars as at the 
date of issue of such Notes (or, as the case may be, the base prospectus as at the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series) (the "General Terms and Conditions") and (ii) to consider the extent to which the 
General Terms and Conditions have been completed by the information contained in the relevant Final 
Terms or supplemented, modified or replaced by the information contained in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be). 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement, 
each reference herein to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer has agreed that The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, U.S. Bank 
Trust National Association, UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE (each an "Agent", which 
expression includes any successor or additional Agent appointed) and The Hongkong and Shanghai 
Banking Corporation Limited (acting as the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent) may each act as issue and 
paying agent for the Notes issued under the Programme which require an issue or paying agent to be 
appointed and that The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, U.S. Bank Trust National 
Association, UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking 
Corporation Limited (each a "Registrar") may each act as registrar for any Notes issued under the 
Programme which require a registrar to be appointed. The relevant Agent(s) and, if applicable, relevant 
Registrar(s) for the Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Each of UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE will only be appointed by the Issuer as an 
Agent and/or Registrar in respect of Notes in registered form being sold outside the United States to non-
US persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
The Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, U.S. Bank Trust National Association, The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch as Irish paying agent (the "Irish Paying Agent"), which expression includes 
any successor of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch as Irish Paying Agent, UBS AG, 
UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE (the "Paying Agents" which expression shall include the 
relevant Agent and any other paying agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement) and transfer agents (the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include The Bank of New 
York Mellon and any other transfer agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement) 
have entered into an amended and restated issuing and paying agency agreement dated 14 June 2024 (as 
further amended and restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement"). The Issuer has also entered 
into a deed of covenant dated 14 June 2024 (as further amended and restated from time to time, the "Deed 
of Covenant") in relation to the Notes issued under the Programme. 
References to the parties herein and in the General Terms and Conditions include references to their 
successors, including without limitation, an entity which assumes the rights and obligations of the relevant 
party by operation of the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party. 
Subject to the below, in the case of each Series of SIS Notes (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions), the Issuer will, together with (i) the other parties to the Agency Agreement, (ii) UBS AG, 
Zurich and Basel, as principal Swiss paying agent and (iii) the other agents acting as Swiss paying agents, 
if any, enter into a supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement with respect to such Series of SIS 
Notes substantially in the form attached to the Agency Agreement (each, an "SIS Note Supplemental 
Agency Agreement"). The Issuer may, at any time (but in any case on or prior to the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes to be issued under the Programme), together with UBS 
AG, Zurich and Basel and/or UBS Switzerland AG, as principal Swiss paying agent enter into an agency 
agreement with respect to all Uncertificated Swiss Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date 
of such agreement (the "Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement") and, in such case, references 
herein to "SIS Note Supplemental Agency Agreement" and "Agency Agreement" shall, in the case of 
any Uncertificated Swiss Notes to which the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement applies, be 
construed accordingly. References herein to "Principal Swiss Paying Agent" mean (i) in the case of any 
Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes that result from the conversion of such Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes in 
accordance with Condition 2(e) (Form and Denomination – Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes)), UBS 
Switzerland AG in its capacity as such under the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement, (ii) in the 
case of any Series of Bearer SIS Notes, UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, in its capacity as such under the 
applicable SIS Note Supplemental Agency Agreement, and (iii) in the case of any Series of Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes, UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, in its capacity as such under the applicable SIS Note 
Supplemental Agency Agreement or UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, or UBS Switzerland AG (whichever is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) in its capacity as such under the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency 
Agreement. 
Subject to the below, with respect to the CMU Notes, the Issuer, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking 
Corporation Limited as the CMU lodging and paying agent (the "CMU Lodging and Paying Agent") and 
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited as the registrar of the CMU Notes have entered 
into a supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement dated 14 June 2023 (the "CMU Note 
Supplemental Agency Agreement"). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the CMU Note Supplemental Agency Agreement, any SIS Note 
Supplemental Agency Agreement and the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement will be available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the office of the relevant Agent. 
The applicable provisions of the relevant Final Terms will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each temporary 
global Note, permanent global Note, definitive Bearer Note and Registered Note. A copy of the relevant 
Final Terms (as applicable) for each issue of Notes will be available for inspection at the specified office 
of the relevant Agent and, in the case of Notes in registered form, the relevant Registrar. In respect of Notes 
listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF Market, a copy of the relevant Final Terms will be lodged with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 71 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
and will be available free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent and the Transfer Agent in 
Luxembourg. In respect of Notes listed on the Regulated Market or the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin, a copy of the Final Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin. 
Each issue of Notes may be (i) represented by Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or (ii) represented by 
Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") or (iii) represented by Bearer Notes or Registered Notes or 
(iv) in the case of Notes issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch, 
in uncertificated form ("Uncertificated Swiss Notes") as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. If the 
relevant Final Terms for an issue of Notes specifies that the Notes may be represented by Bearer Notes or 
Registered Notes, then unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, Bearer Notes may be 
exchanged for Registered Notes of the same Series; however, it will not be possible to exchange Registered 
Notes for Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to each issue of Notes for which Bearer 
Notes are available, the Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) may initially be represented by any one 
or more of (i) one or more temporary global Notes (each, a "Temporary Global Note"), (ii) one or more 
permanent global Notes (each, a "Permanent Global Note") or (iii) definitive Notes. In the case of Bearer 
Notes initially represented by a Temporary or Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note"), if the 
relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is not applicable, the Global Note will be 
deposited with a depositary for one, or a common depositary for more than one, clearing system, including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg"), 
Clearstream Banking AG ("Clearstream Frankfurt") and SIS, or a sub-custodian for the Central 
Moneymarkets Unit (the "CMU") operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA"). 
Otherwise, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is applicable, the Global 
Note will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Temporary Global Notes will be exchanged for either (i) a Permanent Global Note which, if the relevant 
Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is not applicable, will be held by a depositary for one, 
or a common depositary for more than one, clearing system, or a sub-custodian for the CMU, or if the 
relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is applicable, will be held by a common 
safekeeper or clearing system, as the case may be, or (ii) definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions 
set out in the relevant Temporary Global Note. In the case of Notes cleared through the CMU, the CMU 
may require that any such exchange for a permanent global Note is made in whole and not in part and in 
such event, no such exchange will be effected until all relevant accountholders (as set out in a CMU Issue 
Position Report (as defined in the rules of the CMU)) or any other relevant notification supplied to the 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU have provided certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. A Permanent Global Note may be exchanged for definitive Notes only in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the relevant Permanent Global Note. As a result of the issue of global Notes, rights 
conferred by Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt in relation to the Notes will be 
created in favour of Noteholders. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes that are SIS Notes ("Bearer SIS Notes"), such Bearer SIS 
Notes will be (i) issued by a Branch, and (ii) represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note 
(Globalurkunde auf Dauer), which will be deposited with SIS or such other intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange (or such other applicable 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, if applicable) for purposes of article 
6(1)(c) of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as amended (the "FISA") (SIS 
or such other intermediary, the "SIS Note Intermediary"). Once the Permanent Global Note is deposited 
with the SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the SIS Note 
Intermediary, the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the FISA ("Intermediated Securities"). For so long as the Permanent 
Global Note representing the Bearer SIS Notes remains deposited with the SIS Note Intermediary the co-
ownership interest shall be suspended. 
The records of the SIS Note Intermediary will determine the number of Bearer SIS Notes held through each 
participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. For so long as the Bearer SIS Notes constitute Intermediated 
Securities, (i) such Bearer SIS Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS 
Notes in a securities account of the transferee, and (ii) the holder of any such Bearer SIS Note will be the 
person, other than an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Bearer SIS Note in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) or the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle)

--- Page 72 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
holding such Bearer SIS Note for its own account (and the expressions "Noteholder", "Holder", "holder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of Bearer SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand 
the conversion of the Permanent Global Note documenting such Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, 
individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
No physical delivery of the Bearer SIS Notes shall be made unless and until Bearer SIS Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Bearer SIS Notes") are printed. Definitive Bearer SIS Notes may only be printed, in 
whole, but not in part, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, 
that the printing of the definitive Notes is necessary or useful or the presentation of definitive Notes is 
required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement of the rights 
of Noteholders. Should the Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of 
Definitive Bearer SIS Notes without cost to the holders of the relevant Bearer SIS Notes. If Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes are printed, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent will (i) cancel the Permanent Global Note 
documenting the relevant Bearer SIS Notes and (ii) deliver the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes documenting 
such Bearer SIS Notes to the relevant Noteholders against cancellation of such Notes in the Noteholders' 
securities accounts. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note documenting 
Bearer SIS Notes will be made through the SIS Note Intermediary without any requirement for certification. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes which are sold outside the United States (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) to non-US persons only 
in reliance on Regulation S, will initially be represented by interests in one or more permanent global 
unrestricted registered Notes (each an "Unrestricted Global Note"), without Coupons or Talons, which 
will be deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other relevant clearing system, and/or lodged with a sub-
custodian for, and registered in the name of the HKMA as the operator of the CMU, or deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for The Depository Trust Company 
("DTC"). Interests in each such Unrestricted Global Note may be held only through Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other such relevant clearing system, the CMU and/or DTC, 
as applicable. 
Each Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note in registered 
form which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary, and/or lodged with a sub-custodian for, 
and registered in the name of the HKMA as the operator of the CMU on or about the issue date; or (b) in 
the case of a Note in registered form which is intended to be held as eligible collateral for the operations of 
the Eurosystem and which is therefore to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the 
name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes sold in the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) only in reliance upon Rule 144A will initially be represented by one or 
more permanent global restricted registered Notes (each, a "Restricted Global Note"), without Coupons 
or Talons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as 
nominee for DTC or, subject to compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and clearing system 
requirements, deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes sold both in the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" in reliance upon Rule 
144A and outside the United States to non-US persons in reliance on Regulation S will initially be 
represented by one or more unified global registered Notes (each, a "Unified Global Note"), without 
Coupons or Talons, which will be deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee

--- Page 73 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
of, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. Interests in each such Unified Global Note may be held 
only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
References in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars to "Global Note Certificate" shall be construed 
as a reference to an Unrestricted Global Note and/or a Restricted Global Note and/or a Unified Global Note. 
Holders of interests in a Global Note Certificate may apply for definitive Registered Notes only in the 
limited circumstances set out in the relevant global Note. 
The Registered Notes are constituted by the Deed of Covenant. 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes will be sold outside the United States only to non-US persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and will be issued as either Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) in 
accordance with article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means 
of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). Such uncertificated securities 
will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary and, once 
such uncertificated securities are entered into accounts of one or more participants of the SIS Note 
Intermediary, the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
The records of the SIS Note Intermediary will determine the number of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
held through each participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. For so long as the Uncertificated Swiss SIS 
Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, (i) the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes may only be transferred 
by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in a securities account of the transferee, and 
(ii) the holder of any such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note will be the person, other than an intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note in a securities account (Effektenkonto) 
with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) or the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding such 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note for its own account (and the expressions "Noteholder", "Holder", "holder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated SIS Note nor any third party will at any time have 
the right to effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a 
permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) in 
accordance with article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means 
of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). Such uncertificated securities 
will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of UBS Switzerland AG in its capacity as intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA (the "Non-SIS Note Intermediary") and, 
once such uncertificated securities are entered into accounts of one or more participants of the Non-SIS 
Note Intermediary, the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
The records of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary will determine the number of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes held through each participant in the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. For so long as the Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, (i) the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes may 
only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes in a securities 
account of the transferee, and (ii) the holder of any such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will be the 
person, other than an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note 
in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) or the intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) holding such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note for its own account (and the expressions 
"Noteholder", "Holder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
A Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will not be registered with the SIS or any other central 
securities depository, unless and until any Noteholder elects to convert the Notes of such Series, in whole

--- Page 74 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
but not in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form and 
Denomination – Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes). 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will at any time have the right 
to effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a 
permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Global Note Certificates 
The General Terms and Conditions will be modified as they apply to Global Notes (except in the case of 
Bearer SIS Notes) and Global Note Certificates, as described therein. Additionally, the following provisions 
modifying the General Terms and Conditions apply to such Global Notes and the Global Note Certificates: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate (other than a Global Note 
or Global Certificate held through the CMU) which, according to the General Terms and Conditions, 
require presentation and/or surrender of Note or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global 
Note Certificate to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of 
principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a Classic 
Global Note the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of a New Global Note the payment 
is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. In respect of a Global Note 
or Global Note Certificate held through the CMU, any payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other 
amounts shall be made to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Global Note are 
credited (as set out in any relevant notification supplied to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the 
CMU) and, save in the case of final payment, no presentation of the relevant bearer Global Note or Global 
Note Certificate shall be required for such purpose. 
Calculation of interest: the calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is represented 
by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate (other than a Global Note or Global Certificate held through 
the CMU) will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note or a Global Note Certificate and not by reference to the Calculation Amount. 
Payment Business Day: in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be: if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which T2 is operating; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which 
is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment; and, if the Notes are lodged with the CMU, a day on which the CMU is operating. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate will be made 
to the person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) 
on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Note or a Global Note 
Certificate is being held is open for business. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 7(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption)) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Global Note or a Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not 
be selected as provided in the General Terms and Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note 
must, within the period specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the relevant 
Note give notice of such exercise to the Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn.

--- Page 75 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or Global Registered Note is registered in the name of DTC's nominee or deposited with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall 
also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to 
be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), 
except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation 
in 
Ireland 
or 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Similarly, the provisions for meetings of Noteholders in the Agency Agreement contain provisions that 
apply while the Notes are represented by a Global Note (except in the case of Bearer SIS Notes) or a Global 
Note Certificate. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held. 
For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant 
clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's 
EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures 
and in which the accountholder of a particular nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together 
with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted 
as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 76 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The terms and conditions which are set out below are the General Terms and Conditions which will be 
completed from time to time by the relevant Final Terms or supplemented, modified or replaced from time 
to time by the information contained in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus.  In the 
case of any Tranche of Notes which is being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, 
the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the General Terms and Conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
described below to the extent described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Conditions applicable 
to Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Global Note Certificates". 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
https://www.isda.org/). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(https://www.isda.org/). 
"Accrual Yield" means the yield so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or 
Alternative SARON Reference Rate (as applicable), a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or a formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, applied to such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Alternative SARON Reference Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or (in the case of SARON Notes), the 
replacement of SARON with the Alternative SARON Reference Rate. 
"Agency Agreement" means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency agreement for 
the Programme dated 14 June 2024 (as further amended and restated from time to time); provided, 
however, that (i) with respect to any Notes for which a Supplemental Agency Agreement will be 
entered into, all references to the Agency Agreement herein shall be to the Agency Agreement as 
supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Agency Agreement (as amended and restated from 
time to time), (ii) with respect to any Uncertificated Swiss Notes subject to the Uncertificated Swiss 
Note Agency Agreement, all references to the Agency Agreement herein shall be to the 
Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement (as amended and restated from time to time) and 
(iii) with respect to any CMU Notes subject to the CMU Note Supplemental Agency Agreement, 
all references to the Agency Agreement herein shall be to the Agency Agreement as supplemented 
by the CMU Note Supplemental Agency Agreement (as amended and restated from time to time 
up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes). 
"Agent" means the Agent for the Series of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
expression includes any successor agent(s) appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes); provided, however, that (i) with respect to any Series of Swiss Notes, all references to 
the relevant Agent herein shall be to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent; and (ii) with respect to any 
Series of Notes cleared through the CMU, all references to the relevant Agent herein shall be to 
the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) is customary in market usage in the international debt

--- Page 77 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, 
or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
alternative benchmark or screen rate, such other benchmark or screen rate as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate. 
"Alternative Relevant Time" has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)). 
"BBSW Administrator" means ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (ABN 38 616 075 417) (including 
any successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the BBSW Rate. 
"BBSW Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate for prime bank eligible securities 
having a tenor closest to such Interest Period that is designated as the "MID" rate on the Bloomberg 
Screen BBSW Page (or (i) such other page, section or other part as may replace that page, section 
or part on that information service, or (ii) such page, section or other part of such other information 
service that may replace that information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying such rate) 
(such page, the "Relevant BBSW Page") at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Period. 
"Bearer Notes" means Notes in bearer form. 
"Bearer SIS Notes" means SIS Notes that are Bearer Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used, or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market 
or the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided, however, that, if the relevant Final Terms specify that "Benchmark Event – 
Discontinuation/Non-Representativeness Version" is applicable, then "Benchmark Event" will 
mean that (i) the relevant Reference Rate (the "Existing Reference Rate") (or, in the case of €STR 
Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes, any component thereof) has been discontinued; or (ii) 
there has been a public statement or publication of information by the administrator of the Existing

--- Page 78 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Reference Rate (or, in the case of €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes, the administrator 
of any component of the Existing Reference Rate) or by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Existing Reference Rate (or, in the case of €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and 
TONA Notes, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of any component of the Existing 
Reference Rate) announcing that the Existing Reference Rate (or such component) is no longer 
representative. 
Notwithstanding the subparagraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within subparagraph (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event 
shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Broken Amount" means with respect to any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, falling on or prior to the Reset Date and the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, respectively), the broken amount specified as being payable on such Interest 
Payment Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments generally in each of the financial centres referred to in the Business Days section of the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) if "T2" or "T2 Settlement Day" is referred to in the Business Days section 
of the relevant Final Terms, a day which is a T2 Settlement Day, and (iii) if "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" is referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final Terms, a 
weekday that is not a legal holiday in New York. In relation to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
only, "Business Day" is a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settle Renminbi 
payments in Hong Kong and are not authorised or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, shall be the convention specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred;

--- Page 79 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(e) 
"Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention" means, for any Interest Payment 
Date, other than the stated maturity date, that falls on a day that is not a Business Day, any 
payment due on such Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day; provided that interest due with respect to such Interest Payment Date shall 
not accrue from and including such Interest Payment Date to and including the date of 
payment of such interest as so postponed; 
(f) 
"Modified Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention" means, for any Interest 
Payment Date, other than the stated maturity date, that falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day, any payment due on such Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day; provided that interest due with respect to such Interest Payment 
Date shall not accrue from and including such Interest Payment Date to and including the 
date of payment of such interest as so postponed; and provided, further, that if such day 
would fall in the next succeeding calendar month, the date of payment with respect to such 
Interest Payment Date will be advanced to the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Interest Payment Date; and 
(g) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the calculation agent specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means the calculation amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"CMU Notes" means Notes cleared through the Central Moneymarkets Unit (the "CMU") 
operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA"). 
"CMU Note Supplemental Agency Agreement" means, in relation to any CMU Notes to be 
issued under the Programme, the supplemental agency agreement to the Agency Agreement dated 
14 June 2023 entered into by the Issuer and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited as the CMU lodging and paying agent (the "CMU Lodging and Paying Agent") and the 
registrar of CMU Notes. 
"CNY" means the lawful currency of the PRC (including any lawful successor currency to the 
CNY). 
"Condition" means one of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
"CORRA" means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average, as published by the Bank of 
Canada, as the administrator of CORRA (or any successor administrator), on the website of the 
Bank of Canada or any successor website. 
"Coupon" means a coupon entitling the holder to receive a payment of interest in relation to an 
interest-bearing Bearer Note in definitive form. Interest-bearing Bearer Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with Coupons attached. Any reference herein to a Coupon shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to a Talon. 
"Couponholder" means the bearer of a Coupon. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these General Terms 
and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 80 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated 
on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; and 
(f) 
if "Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method" is so specified, means (i) in respect of 
an Interest Period which relates to a full regular semi-annual interest payment, if any, 
"30/360" as defined in paragraph (d) above, and (ii) in respect of an Interest Period other 
than where (i) applies, the actual number of days in such Interest Period, divided by 365. 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Drawdown Prospectus" means the drawdown prospectus prepared in connection with an issue 
of the Notes. 
"Dual Currency Notes" shall mean the Notes which are identified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Notes to which the dual currency provisions are applicable. 
"Early Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed 
pursuant to subparagraph (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase). 
"€STR Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate is "Compounded Daily 
€STR". 
"EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the EUR EURIBOR 
ICE Swap Rate® (or any successor label for such rate applied by IBA) published by IBA that 
represents the annual mid rate as of the EURIBOR-ISR Applicable Time, on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period for euro swap transactions with the 
Designated Maturity and a floating leg based on (i) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, 
three-month EURIBOR, or (ii) otherwise, six-month EURIBOR. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate that is calculated by Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. (or any other 
Person that takes over the calculation of that rate), and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters), in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any Person which takes over administration of that rate).

--- Page 81 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
"EURIBOR-ISR Applicable Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms prepared in connection with an issue of the Notes. 
"FISA" means the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as amended and 
as may be further amended from time to time. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes" means Notes with respect to which the interest basis specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is "Fixed Rate/Floating Rate". 
"Fixed Rate Period" means, in respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date. 
"Floating Rate Commencement Date", in respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, has the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Notes" means Notes on which interest is calculated at a floating rate so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Period" means, in respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the period from and 
including the Floating Rate Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date. 
"GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the GBP SONIA ICE 
Swap Rate® (or any successor label for such rate applied by IBA) published by IBA that represents 
the annual mid rate as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the Interest Determination Date in respect 
of such Interest Period for Sterling swap transactions with the Designated Maturity and a floating 
leg based on Overnight SONIA compounded in arrears for 12 months. 
"Government of Canada Yield" means, on any date, the arithmetic average (rounded to the 
nearest 1/100 of 1 per cent.) of the yield to maturity, quoted by two nationally recognised Canadian 
securities dealers having offices in the city of Toronto selected by the Issuer on such date, as the 
yields which a non-callable Government of Canada bond would produce, if issued in Canadian 
dollars in Canada on such date, at 100 per cent. of its principal amount with a term to maturity 
approximately equal to the remaining term to the Make Whole Redemption Date. 
"HIBOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
Hong Kong Inter Bank Offered Rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Hong 
Kong Association of Banks (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate). 
"Higher Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"IBA" means ICE Benchmark Administration® Limited (including any successor thereto) or any 
successor administrator of the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate® (or any successor label), the GBP 
SONIA ICE Swap Rate® (or any successor label), or the USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate® (or any 
successor label), as applicable. 
"ICE Swap Rate" means each of the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, the GBP SONIA ICE Swap 
Rate and the USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing and expertise, in either case, appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense to make any determination that is required to be made, or may be made, by an 
Independent Adviser under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
"Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)). 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date", in respect of any Interest Period, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); or 
(c) 
in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, (i) on or prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, the interest payment date(s) specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) after the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, if a Specified Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
date that falls the number of months or other period equal to the Specified Period after the 
last preceding Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date 
after the Floating Rate Commencement Date, after the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date). 
"Interest Period" means (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, each period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on but excluding the next Interest Payment Date or (ii) in the 
case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, each period in the Floating Rate Period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date) and ending on but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; provided, 
however, that, if such Notes are SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes or SARON Notes, in the case of any 
Interest Period during which any such Notes become due and payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date, in respect of such Notes that become due and payable only, such Interest 
Period will end on (but exclude) such date on which such Notes have become due and payable. 
"Interest Period Relevant Date" means, in the case of any Interest Period, the next Interest 
Payment Date after the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period begins; provided, 
however, that, if any Notes become due and payable during such Interest Period on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date, in respect of such Notes that become due and payable only, the 
Interest Period Relevant Date means such date on which such Notes have become due and payable. 
"Intermediated Securities" means intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of 
the FISA. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor). 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
"Issuer" means UBS AG (acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich ("UBS Head Office") 
or its London branch ("UBS AG London Branch"), Jersey branch ("UBS AG Jersey Branch"), 
Australian branch ("UBS AG Australia Branch"), Hong Kong branch ("UBS AG Hong Kong 
Branch") or any of its other branches outside of Switzerland as it may from time to time determine 
(UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch, UBS AG Australia Branch, UBS AG Hong 
Kong Branch or such other branch outside of Switzerland, a "Branch") as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
"London Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of a Note and any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, the greater of (i) the outstanding nominal amount of such Note and (ii) the 
present value, as determined by the Issuer, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Note (not including any accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding such Make-
Whole Redemption Date) discounted to such Make-Whole Redemption Date (A) at the 
Reinvestment Rate (as determined by the Issuer on the Reinvestment Rate Determination Date) on 
the basis of the same frequency and by reference to the same day count fraction as is applicable to 
such payments on the Reference Bond or (B) if Canada Yield Price is indicated as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Government of Canada Yield (computed on a semi-annual basis and 
assuming a 365 day year) plus or minus the Reinvestment Margin. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Date" means the make-whole event redemption date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
Norwegian Inter Bank Offered Rate which is calculated by Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. (or any 
other Person that takes over the calculation and publication of that rate), and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (or any other Person which takes over the 
administration of that rate). 
"Non-SIS Note Intermediary" means, with respect to any Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes, UBS Switzerland AG in its capacity as intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) for purposes 
of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA. 
"Noteholder", "Holder", "holder" or "holder of Notes" means (i) in relation to a Bearer Note, the 
bearer of the Bearer Note, provided that in relation to a Bearer SIS Note (a) if such Note 
constitutes an Intermediated Security, (x) the Person, other than an intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Note in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with an 
intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), or (y) the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding such Note 
for its own account, or (b) if Definitive Bearer SIS Notes have been printed, the bearer of the 
Definitive Bearer SIS Note, (ii) in relation to a Registered Note, the Person in whose name the 
Registered Note is registered, and (iii) in relation to an Uncertificated Swiss Note that constitutes 
an Intermediated Security, (a) the Person, other than an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), holding 
such Note in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), or (b) 
the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding such Note for its own account. 
"Notes" means the notes or debt securities of the Tranche or Series specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any reference to Notes includes a reference to (i) Bearer Notes or Registered Notes or 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, whichever is specified in

--- Page 84 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
the relevant Final Terms, (ii) Unified Global Notes and (iii) notes of such Tranche or Series in 
global form and notes in definitive form. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Par Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Partly Paid Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Paying Agent" means the paying agents named in the Agency Agreement and includes the 
relevant Agent and any other paying agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, bank, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-
stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organisation or government or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which the banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which T2 is operating; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China. 
"Pricing Supplement" means the pricing supplement prepared in connection with an issue of the 
Notes which will not require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney or Melbourne and in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
in relation to CNY, it means Hong Kong or the principal financial centre as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Principal Swiss Paying Agent" means (i) in the case of each Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes that result 
from the conversion of such Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes in accordance with 
Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form and Denomination – Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes)), UBS 
Switzerland AG, (ii) in the case of each Series of Bearer SIS Notes, UBS AG, Basel and Zurich,

--- Page 85 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
and (iii) in the case of each Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, either UBS AG, Basel and 
Zurich, or UBS Switzerland AG (whichever is specified in the relevant Final Terms), and, in each 
case, includes any successor thereto in such capacity. 
"Programme" means the programme for issuing notes established by the Issuer, under which the 
Notes are issued. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms.  In relation to any Notes for which the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms 
is "Fixed Rate/Floating Rate", "Fixed Rate of Interest" means the Rate of Interest in respect of 
any Fixed Rate Period and "Floating Rate of Interest" means the Rate of Interest in respect of 
any Floating Rate Period. 
"RBSL" means Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited (including any successor thereto) or 
any successor administrator of the Tokyo Swap Rate (for swaps referencing TONA) (or any 
successor label). 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such securities are 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, or to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the 
Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reinvestment Rate Determination Date, the 
security or securities, as selected by the Issuer, that would be utilised, as at the Reinvestment Rate 
Determination Date and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining the 
redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and 
with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to a Reference Bond, 
(a) 
the arithmetic average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Marker 
Quotations (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); or 
(b) 
if the Issuer obtains fewer than five Reference Market Maker Quotations, but more than 
one, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; or 
(c) 
if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained by the Issuer, the amount 
of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained, 
in each case, as determined by the Issuer. 
"Reference Market Maker" means the five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
relevant Reference Bond selected by the Issuer or such other five Persons operating in the market 
for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Market Maker Quotations" means, with respect to a Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and ask 
prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) quoted to the Issuer at the Quotation Time. 
"Reference Rate" means the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily CORRA, Compounded Daily 
€STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, the 
EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, EURIBOR for the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate, HIBOR for the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
NIBOR for the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, SARON Compounded, SHIBOR 
for the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, SOR for the maturity specified in the relevant

--- Page 86 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Final Terms, STIBOR for the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, the US Federal Funds 
Rate, the USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate or such other rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Registered Notes" means Notes in registered form. 
"Registrar" means the Registrar for the Series of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which expression includes any successor registrar(s) appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes). 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period. 
"Reinvestment Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reinvestment Rate" means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate 
determined by the Issuer equal to (i) the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if there is more than one Reference Bond, the arithmetic average of the 
equivalent yields to maturity of the Reference Bonds (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), interpolated on a straightline basis in accordance 
with customary financial practice, calculated on the Reinvestment Rate Determination Date using 
a price for each Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Reference 
Bond(s)) equal to its Reference Bond Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date, plus (ii) the 
Reinvestment Margin. 
"Reinvestment Rate Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant BBSW Page" has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term 
"BBSW Rate". 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre or centres to the relevant currency for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms), as published by ISDA 
or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms), as published by the 
ISDA and in the case of Renminbi Notes means Hong Kong. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any other central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar

--- Page 87 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (iv) ISDA or any part 
thereof, or (v) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means: 
(a) 
with respect to any Reference Rate that is an ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap 
Rate, the page of a particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters 
and Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms (or 
(i) such other page as may replace that page on that information service (or on any 
successor to that information service), or (ii) if there is no such replacement page on that 
information service (or on any successor to that information service), such other page on 
such other information service, in the case of each of subclauses (i) and (ii), on which such 
ICE Swap Rate or the TONA-TSR Rate, as the case may be, is displayed and as selected 
by the Issuer (after consultation with the Calculation Agent)); or 
(b) 
with respect to any other Reference Rate, the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters and Bloomberg) specified as 
the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms (or (i) such other page, section or 
other part as may replace that page, section or part on that information service or such 
other information service, or (ii) such page, section or other part of such information 
service that may replace that information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying such Reference Rate). 
"Relevant Swiss Exchange" means any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. 
"Relevant Time" (i) in the case of the BBSW Rate, means 12:00 noon, Sydney time, or any 
amended publication time for the final intraday refix of the BBSW Rate specified by the BBSW 
Administrator in its benchmark methodology, (ii) in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR, means 
3:00 p.m., New York City time, (iii) in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, means 10:00 a.m., 
London time, (iv) in the case of Compounded Daily TONA, means 10:00 a.m., Tokyo time, (v) in 
the case of EURIBOR, means 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, (vi) in the case of HIBOR, means 12:00 
noon, Hong Kong time, (vii) in the case of NIBOR, means 12:00 noon, Oslo time, (viii) in the case 
of SARON Compounded and in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, means close of trading on the 
trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, which 
is expected to be on or around 6 p.m., Zurich time, (ix) in the case of SHIBOR, means 12:00 noon, 
Shanghai time, (x) in the case of SOR, means 12:00 noon, Singapore time, (xi) in the case of 
STIBOR, means 11:00 a.m., Stockholm time, (xii) in the case of the US Federal Funds Rate, means 
5:00 p.m., New York City time, or (xiii) in the case of any other Reference Rate, has the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date. 
"Renminbi Notes" means Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
"SARON Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is "SARON Compounded". 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended and as may be further 
amended from time to time. 
"Series" means the series specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"SHIBOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the National 
Interbank Funding (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate).

--- Page 88 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
"SIS" means SIX SIS Ltd. 
"SIS Note Intermediary" means, with respect to any Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, 
SIS or such other intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange or such other applicable Relevant Swiss Exchange for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the 
FISA. 
"SIS Notes" means Notes that are deposited with, or entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of, SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. 
"SOFR Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is "Compounded Daily SOFR". 
"SONIA Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is "Compounded Daily SONIA". 
"SOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as the Swap 
Offered Rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson 
Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Association of Banks in 
Singapore (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated 
Singapore dollar-denominated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic SOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor). 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"specified office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate which is calculated by Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. (or any 
other Person that takes over the calculation and publication of that rate), and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (or any other 
Person which takes over the administration of that rate). 
"Sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means one cent. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Supplemental Agency Agreement" means, with respect to any Series of Notes, the relevant 
supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement to the Agency Agreement executed by, 
amongst others, the Issuer and the agent(s) and/or registrar(s) party thereto. 
"Swiss Code of Obligations" means the Swiss Code of Obligations of 30 March 1911, as amended 
and as may be further amended from time to time. 
"Swiss Notes" means the SIS Notes and the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
"Talon" means a talon entitling the holder to receive further Coupons in relation to an interest-
bearing Bearer Note in definitive form. Where a Talon is required, interest-bearing Bearer Notes

--- Page 89 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
in definitive form will be issued with a Talon attached.  If Talons are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not 
applicable. 
"Talonholder" means the bearer of a Talon. 
"Tax Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" means these General Terms and Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms, or amended, supplemented, modified or replaced from time to time 
by the information contained in the relevant Final Terms. To the extent that the information in the 
relevant Final Terms supplements, modifies or replaces these General Terms and Conditions, it 
shall do so only for the purpose of the issue of Notes to which the relevant Final Terms relates. To 
the extent that there is any inconsistency between these General Terms and Conditions and the 
terms and conditions which appear in the relevant Final Terms, the terms and conditions which 
appear in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable) shall prevail. 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo. 
"TONA" means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate administered by the Bank of Japan (including 
any successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate. 
"TONA Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate is "Compounded Daily 
TONA". 
"TONA Tokyo Swap Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Period: 
(a) 
the Tokyo Swap Rate (for swaps referencing TONA) (or any successor label for such rate 
published by the RBSL) published by the RBSL that represents the annual mid rate at 
around the TONA-TSR Applicable Time for swap transactions in Japanese Yen with the 
Designated Maturity and a floating leg based on TONA compounded in arrears for 12 
months (such rate, the "TONA-TSR Rate") as displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at 
or around the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period; 
or 
(b) 
if the TONA-TSR Rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at or around the 
Relevant Time on such Interest Determination Date as described in paragraph (a) above, 
the TONA-TSR Rate as displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at or around the Relevant 
Time on the last Business Day on which the TONA-TSR Rate was so displayed. 
"TONA-TSR Applicable Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TONA-TSR Rate" has the meaning assigned such term in the definition of the term "TONA 
Tokyo Swap Rate". 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Tranche" means the tranche specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Transfer Agent" means the transfer agents named in the Agency Agreement and includes each 
Registrar and any substitute or additional agents appointed in accordance with the terms of the 
Agency Agreement. 
"Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes" means Notes issued in uncertificated form that are not SIS 
Notes. 
"Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement relating to 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes that the Issuer will enter into with the relevant agent(s) party thereto 
on or prior to the Issue Date for the first Tranche of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes to be 
issued under the Programme.

--- Page 90 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
"Uncertificated Swiss Notes" means the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes and the 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes. 
"Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes" means SIS Notes issued in uncertificated form. 
"Unified Global Notes" means Notes represented by a single unified global note. 
"US Federal Funds Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate with respect to the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period 
for US dollar federal funds as published in H.15(519) under the caption "Federal funds 
(effective)" and displayed on Reuters (or any successor service) on page FEDFUNDS1 
under the caption "EFFECT" (or any other page as may replace the specified page on that 
service) ("FEDFUNDS1 Page"); or 
(b) 
if the rate referred to in paragraph (a) above is not so displayed on the FEDFUNDS1 Page 
by the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, 
the rate with respect to the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period 
for US dollar federal funds as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognised 
electronic source used for the purpose of displaying the applicable rate, under the caption 
"Federal funds (effective)"; or 
(c) 
if the rate referred to in paragraph (b) above is not so published by the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, the rate equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the rates for the last transaction in overnight US dollar federal funds 
arranged by three leading brokers of US dollar federal funds transactions in the City of 
New York selected by the Calculation Agent (which brokers may include the Calculation 
Agent and its affiliates) as of a time before 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period. 
"USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the USD SOFR ICE Swap 
Rate® (or any successor label for such rate applied by IBA) published by IBA that represents the 
annual mid rate as of 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date in respect 
of such Interest Period for US dollar swap transactions with the Designated Maturity and a floating 
leg based on SOFR compounded in arrears for 12 months. 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
If an expression is stated in this Condition 1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed 
as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted. 
References to the Issuer include references to its successors, including, without limitation, an entity 
which assumes the rights and obligations of the Issuer by operation of the law of jurisdiction or 
domicile of the Issuer. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing 
Supplement, each reference herein to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 91 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
2. 
FORM AND DENOMINATION 
(a) 
General 
(i) 
The initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. All payments in relation to the Notes will be made in the same 
currency as the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes are available in the Specified 
Denominations specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, each Issue of Notes may 
be (A) represented by (i) Bearer Notes or (ii) Registered Notes or (iii) Bearer 
Notes or Registered Notes or (B) issued as (i) Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes or 
(ii) Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If an issue of Notes is represented by Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, then 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, Bearer Notes may be exchanged 
for Registered Notes. However, Registered Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in relation to each issue of Notes 
for which Bearer Notes are available, the Bearer Notes may initially be 
represented by any one or more of (i) one or more Temporary Global Notes, (ii) 
one or more Permanent Global Notes, or (iii) serially numbered definitive Notes. 
(ii) 
In the case of Bearer Notes initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note, such global note will be deposited with a depositary for 
one, or a common depositary or common safekeeper for more than one, clearing 
system, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking 
S.A. 
("Clearstream 
Luxembourg") 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
AG 
("Clearstream Frankfurt") or any other clearing system. 
(iii) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, Temporary Global Notes will be 
exchanged for either (i) a Permanent Global Note which will be held by a 
depositary for one, or a common depositary or common safekeeper for more than 
one, clearing system (including Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and 
Clearstream Frankfurt), or (ii) serially numbered definitive notes, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the Temporary Global Note. 
(iv) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note may be 
exchanged for serially numbered definitive Notes only in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
(v) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Bearer Notes may be represented 
on issue by one or more Permanent Global Notes. 
(vi) 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, such Notes will be (i) issued by the Issuer acting 
through a Branch and (ii) represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note 
(Globalurkunde auf Dauer), which shall be deposited with SIS or any other SIS 
Note Intermediary. Once the Permanent Global Note is deposited with the SIS 
Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of 
the SIS Note Intermediary, the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby will 
constitute Intermediated Securities. The Permanent Global Note will only be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer SIS Notes if the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that 
the printing of definitive Notes is necessary or useful, or the presentation of 
definitive Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in 
connection with the enforcement of the rights of Noteholders. Neither the Issuer 
nor any holder of Bearer SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or 
demand the conversion of the Permanent Global Note documenting such Bearer

--- Page 92 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) 
or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
In relation to each issue of Notes for which Registered Notes are available, the Registered 
Notes may initially be represented by (i) one or more global Notes, (ii) one or more 
definitive Notes, (iii) both or (iv) a single Unified Global Note. Noteholders of Registered 
Notes represented by a global Note may apply for definitive Registered Notes in 
accordance with the limited circumstances set out in the relevant global Note. 
(d) 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
(i) 
In the case of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, such Notes will be (i) issued by 
UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch as 
uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte), in accordance with article 973c of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch), and (ii) 
entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note 
Intermediary. Once such uncertificated securities are entered into the main 
register (Hauptregister) of the SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the SIS Note Intermediary, the 
Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
(ii) 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note will at any 
time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate 
(Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
(e) 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
(i) 
In the case of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, such Notes (i) will be issued 
by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch as 
uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch), and (ii) 
entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. 
Once such uncertificated securities are entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts 
of one or more participants of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary, the Uncertificated 
SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
(ii) 
With respect to a Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, any Noteholder 
may elect to convert the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes of such Series, in 
whole but not in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes by notice to the Person 
specified for such purposes in, and accordance with the requirements set out in, 
the relevant Final Terms. Upon receipt of such notice from (or on behalf of) any 
Noteholder, such Person (if not the Principal Swiss Paying Agent) shall promptly 
notify the Principal Swiss Paying Agent thereof, and the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent shall (i) promptly notify the Issuer thereof, and (ii) as soon as reasonably 
practicable and without cost to the Noteholders, cause the Notes of such Series, 
in whole but not in part, to be removed from the main register (Hauptregister) of 
the Non-SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary and into the accounts of one or more 
participants of the SIS Note Intermediary. Once the Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes of a Series have been so entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of the SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more 
participants in the SIS Note Intermediary, (i) such Notes will be considered 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the provisions in relation thereto will apply accordingly, and (ii) the

--- Page 93 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Issuer shall promptly give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will 
at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a permanent global 
certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
3. 
TITLE 
(a) 
Subject to the following sentence, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
Transfers of Bearer SIS Notes that constitute Intermediated Securities may only be 
effected by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
(b) 
Title to Registered Notes will pass by registration in the register which is maintained by 
the relevant Registrar. 
(c) 
For so long as the Uncertificated Swiss Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, transfers 
of Uncertificated Swiss Notes may only be effected by the entry of the transferred 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
(d) 
In relation to any Note or Coupon (except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or required by law), the relevant Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder shall be 
deemed to be, and the Issuer, Registrars and Paying Agents shall be entitled to treat the 
relevant Noteholder, Couponholder and Talonholder as, the absolute owner of the relevant 
Note or Coupon for all purposes whether or not the relevant Note, Coupon or Talon is 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss of, or any writing on, 
the relevant Note or Coupon. In addition, in relation to any Note or Coupon, no one shall 
be required to obtain any proof of (i) ownership of the relevant Note or Coupon (ii) the 
identity of the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder. No Person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
4. 
TRANSFER OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, or 
is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee 
and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in 
respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(b) 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes will, upon 
the effective receipt of such form of transfer by the relevant Registrar at its specified office, 
be available for delivery at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the relevant Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent during the period of fifteen London Banking Days or, as the case may be, 
Relevant Banking Days ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered 
Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the relevant Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent until the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the place where the specified office of the relevant Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent is located. 
(c) 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent, but upon payment by 
the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the relevant Registrar

--- Page 94 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
or Transfer Agent may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation thereto. 
(d) 
For so long as any of the Registered Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted 
securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
agreed that it will, during any period in which it is neither subject to the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended and as may be further amended from time to time (the "Exchange Act") 
nor exempt from reporting under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, 
furnish, upon request, to any Person in whose name such restricted securities are registered, 
to any owner of a beneficial interest in such restricted securities, and to any prospective 
purchaser of such restricted securities or beneficial interest therein designated by any such 
Person or beneficial owner, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act. 
(e) 
Registered Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the subject of an 
application by the Issuer to DTC for the acceptance of such Registered Notes into DTC's 
book-entry settlement system. If such application is accepted, one or more registered 
Notes (each a "DTC Note") in denominations equivalent in aggregate to the aggregate 
nominal amount of relevant Registered Notes which are to be held in such system will be 
issued to DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other Person as may be 
nominated by DTC for the purpose, as nominee for DTC, provided that no DTC Note 
may have a denomination of more than US$500,000,000 and that, subject to such 
restriction, DTC Notes will always be issued in the largest possible denomination. 
Thereafter, such registered nominee will be the holder of record and entitled to rights in 
respect of each DTC Note. 
Accordingly, each Person having a beneficial interest in a DTC Note must rely on the 
procedures of the institutions having accounts with DTC to exercise any rights of such 
Person. So long as Registered Notes are traded through DTC's book-entry settlement 
system, ownership of a beneficial interest in the relevant DTC Note will (unless otherwise 
required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be shown on, and transfers of such 
beneficial interest may be effected only through, records maintained by (i) DTC or its 
registered nominee (as to participant interests) or (ii) institutions having accounts with 
DTC. 
(f) 
In the case of transfers to a Person who takes delivery in the form of Notes represented by 
a Unified Global Note, from a holder of Notes represented by that Unified Global Note 
within the period when the Notes represented by a Unified Global Note are not "freely 
tradable" as defined below, upon (x) with respect only to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"), delivery of a duly executed investor 
representation letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form of Schedule 3 
(Form of Transfer Certificate) to the Agency Agreement and (y) certification (in the form 
available from any Paying Agent) to the Registrar by the transferor thereof that such 
transfer is being made either (x) to a Person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a 
"qualified institutional buyer" who is acquiring such Notes in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A or (y) to a non-U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
For purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, a "freely tradable" share or debt 
security shall mean a share or a debt security which is registered under the Securities Act 
or not restricted under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of 
such share or debt security and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such share 
or debt security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or 
debt security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. In relation to a Note, "freely tradable" 
will be construed in accordance with Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act.

--- Page 95 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
5. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as senior Notes ("Senior Notes") in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Notes and the relevant Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain debts required to be preferred by law) equally with all other outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer acting through its UBS AG London 
Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch or UBS Head Office 
If the Notes are specified as subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Notes"), the 
Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer acting through 
its UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch or UBS Head Office, as the 
case may be and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated debt obligations and rank pari passu 
with all other subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer other than subordinated 
debt obligations which rank below the Notes. Accordingly, payments of principal 
and interest are conditional upon the Issuer being solvent at the time of payment 
by the Issuer and no principal or interest shall be payable in respect of the Notes 
except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment and still be solvent 
immediately thereafter. For the purpose of this Condition 5(b) (Status of the Notes 
– Subordinated Notes), the Issuer shall be solvent if (i) it is able to pay its debts 
as they fall due and (ii) its Assets exceed its Liabilities (in each case as defined 
below) (other than its Liabilities which are not Senior Claims). 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, "Senior Claims" means 
the aggregate amount of all claims in respect of the deposit liabilities of the Issuer 
and all other liabilities of the Issuer (including all deposit liabilities and other 
liabilities of UBS Head Office, the Branches and all other branches and offices of 
the Issuer wherever located), except those liabilities which by their terms rank 
pari passu with or are subordinated to the Notes; "Assets" means the non-
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and "Liabilities" means the 
nonconsolidated total liabilities of the Issuer, all as shown by the latest published 
audited balance sheet of the Issuer but adjusted for contingencies and for 
subsequent events. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-
off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer, 
arising under or in connection with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue 
of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a Branch (other than 
any Branch referred to in paragraph (i) above of this Condition 5(b) (Status of 
the Notes – Subordinated Notes)) 
Where Subordinated Notes are to be issued by the Issuer acting through a Branch 
(other than UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch), the provisions 
dealing with subordination will be included in the relevant Final Terms. 
6. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest-Fixed Rate 
If the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms is "Fixed", then the Notes shall 
bear interest from and including the Issue Date or, if different, the Interest Commencement 
Date specified in such Final Terms at the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear

--- Page 96 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
on the Interest Payment Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity 
Date specified in such Final Terms. Interest will be calculated on the Day Count Fraction 
specified in such Final Terms. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes per Calculation Amount on each 
Interest Payment Date will be the Fixed Coupon Amount, unless the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the Broken Amount is applicable to any such Interest Payment Date, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount on such Interest Payment Date 
will be the Broken Amount. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such 
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
Sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of any such Sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Interest-Floating Rate 
(i) 
If the Interest Basis specified in the Final Terms is "Floating", then the Notes shall 
bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date specified in 
such Final Terms at the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity 
Date specified in such Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Rate of Interest which will apply to the 
Notes for each Interest Period in accordance with the following terms, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Floating Rate Notes (ISDA Determination and Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the relevant Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
relevant Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 97 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily CORRA, Compounded 
Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily TONA or SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)), 
be: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate, the US 
Federal Funds Rate for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; provided, however, that, 
if: 
(x) 
the US Federal Funds Rate for such Interest Period is to 
be determined pursuant to paragraph (c) of the 
definition thereof; and 
(y) 
any or all of the three leading brokers of US dollar 
federal funds transactions in the City of New York 
selected by the Calculation Agent are not quoting the 
rate as described in such paragraph (c) on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Rate 
of Interest determined as at the Interest Determination Date in 
respect of the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period), or, in the case of the first Interest Period for Notes that 
are Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(2) 
if the Reference Rate is the BBSW Rate, the BBSW Rate for 
such Interest Period (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
provided, however, that, if: 
(x) 
the Relevant BBSW Page is not available; or 
(y) 
the applicable rate described in the definition of the 
term "BBSW Rate" does not appear on the Relevant 
BBSW Page, 
in each case as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, then the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest determined as at the Interest Determination Date in 
respect of the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest

--- Page 98 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Period), or, in the case of the first Interest Period for Notes that 
are Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(3) 
if the Reference Rate is an ICE Swap Rate, the applicable ICE 
Swap Rate as it appears on the Relevant Screen Page on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
provided, however, that, if such ICE Swap Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page on such Interest 
Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period will be the Rate of Interest determined as at the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of the last preceding Interest 
Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period), or, in the case of the first Interest 
Period for Notes that are Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be equal to the Fixed 
Rate of Interest, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(4) 
if the Reference Rate is a TONA Tokyo Swap Rate, the TONA 
Tokyo Swap Rate in respect of such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(5) 
in any other case, subject as provided below, 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent or such other 
Person specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
subclause (y) above, if five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If, in the case of subclause (x) or (y) above, the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause (x) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or if, in the case of subclause (y) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each 
case as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of the applicable Interest Period, then the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
determined as at the Interest Determination Date in respect of

--- Page 99 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period), or, in the 
case of the first Interest Period for Notes that are Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
€STR Notes 
(A) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(iv) (Interest – Interest-Floating 
Rate – €STR Notes): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
−1቏× 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of days in (x) where "Lag" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period, or (y) where "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the €STR 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of T2 Settlement Days in (x) where 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) where "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the €STR Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"€STRi" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any T2 Settlement 
Day i in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR 
Reference Rate in respect of the T2 Settlement Day 
falling p T2 Settlement Days prior to such T2 Settlement 
Day i; or 
(y) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any T2 Settlement 
Day i in the €STR Observation Period in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate in 
respect of such T2 Settlement Day i;

--- Page 100 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant T2 Settlement Day in chronological 
order: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the first 
T2 Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period to (and 
including) the last T2 Settlement Day in such Interest 
Period; or 
(y) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the first 
T2 Settlement Day in the €STR Observation Period in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period, to (and including) 
the last T2 Settlement Day in such €STR Observation 
Period; and 
"ni" means, for any T2 Settlement Day i, the number of days 
from (and including) such T2 Settlement Day i up to (but 
excluding) the first following T2 Settlement Day. 
"€STR" means the daily euro short-term rate; 
"€STR Administrator" means the European Central Bank (including 
any successor thereto) or any successor administrator of €STR; 
"€STR Administrator Website" means the website of the European 
Central Bank, or any successor website on which €STR is published by 
or on behalf of the €STR Administrator; 
"€STR Authorised Distributors" has the meaning assigned to such term 
in the definition of the term "€STR Reference Rate"; 
"€STR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p T2 Settlement Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling p T2 Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period Relevant Date 
in respect of such Interest Period; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any T2 Settlement Day and 
subject to paragraph (C) of this Condition 6(b)(iv) (Interest – Interest-
Floating Rate – €STR Notes), €STR for such T2 Settlement Day as 
provided by the €STR Administrator and published on the €STR 
Administrator Website (or, if such rate is no longer published on the 
€STR Administrator Website, as otherwise published or provided by the 
€STR Administrator to authorised distributors (the "€STR Authorised 
Distributors") and as then published by the relevant €STR Authorised 
Distributors on the Relevant €STR Page or, if the Relevant €STR Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by the relevant €STR Authorised 
Distributors) on the T2 Settlement Day immediately following such T2 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in 
accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of 
the €STR Administrator); 
"Lag Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Shift Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"p" means the number of T2 Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 101 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
"Relevant €STR Page" means the page, section or other part of a 
particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters and 
Bloomberg) specified the Relevant €STR Page in the relevant Final 
Terms (or (i) such other page, section or other part as may replace that 
page, section or part on that information service, or (ii) such page, section 
or other part of such other information service that may replace that 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying €STR). 
(B) 
In the case of €STR Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest) and Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) and subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR in respect of such Interest Period plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
In the case of the determination of Compounded Daily €STR pursuant to 
paragraph (B) above, if, in respect of any T2 Settlement Day in the 
relevant Interest Period or €STR Observation Period, as applicable, the 
applicable €STR Reference Rate is not made available on the Relevant 
€STR Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant €STR 
Authorised Distributors, then the €STR Reference Rate in respect of such 
T2 Settlement Day will be the €STR Reference Rate for the first 
preceding T2 Settlement Day in respect of which the €STR Reference 
Rate was published by the €STR Administrator on the €STR 
Administrator Website (or otherwise published or provided by the €STR 
Administrator to the relevant €STR Authorised Distributors and as then 
published by the relevant €STR Authorised Distributors on the Relevant 
€STR Page), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent cannot determine Compounded Daily €STR in 
respect of any Interest Period in accordance with paragraph (B) or 
paragraph (C), as applicable, above: 
(1) 
Compounded Daily €STR in respect of such Interest Period will 
be equal to Compounded Daily €STR determined in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period; or 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(f) (Interest 
– Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes)), be the Rate of Interest that would have been applicable 
for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) (x) in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes, the Interest Commencement Date, or (y) in the case 
of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin (if any) and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period).

--- Page 102 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
(v) 
SOFR Notes 
(A) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(v) (Interest – Interest-Floating 
Rate – SOFR Notes): 
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the 
same length (disregarding any applicable Business Day Convention) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (including the relevant matrix and any successor matrix 
thereto) as published by ISDA and as supplemented, amended and 
updated from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero, that would be applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate 
in the case of derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
which will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable 
tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions which will be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Lag Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which is currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Shift Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period or SOFR Observation Period (as 
applicable), the number of US Government Securities Business Days 
specified as the "Lag Period" or "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any US Government Securities Business 
Day, the daily secured overnight financing rate for such US Government 
Securities Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate); 
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or such other 
then-current SOFR Benchmark, then SOFR Benchmark means the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 103 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented below that can be determined by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided that, (i) if the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determine that there is an industry-accepted 
replacement rate of interest for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for US dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) 
otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that it has 
determined is most comparable to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to 
any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero, that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero, that has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, to be applied to the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of determining the 
SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
applied to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for US 
dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time;

--- Page 104 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means any affiliate of the 
Issuer or such other person that has been appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense as SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, so long as such 
affiliate or other person is a leading bank or other financial institution 
that is experienced in the calculations and determinations that may be 
made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this 
Condition 6(b)(v) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes); 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of the term 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of the term "SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified Time for such 
determination; 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no longer 
representative;

--- Page 105 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any US Government Securities 
Business Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such US 
Government Securities Business Day as such value appears on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website at the Specified Time on such US 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p US Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling p US Government Securities Business 
Days prior to Interest Period Relevant Date in respect of such Interest 
Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any US Government 
Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such US Government Securities 
Business Day appearing on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website on or about the Specified Time on the US Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such US 
Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such US Government Securities Business 
Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the US 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such US Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect 
of the last US Government Securities Business Day for which 
such rate was published on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website; or 
(3) 
if SOFR in respect of such US Government Securities Business 
Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (1) above and the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the 
Specified Time on the US Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such US Government Securities 
Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not 
SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the Relevant Date), 
then (subject to the subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) 
from (and including) the US Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such US Government Securities 
Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the 
"Affected Day"), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in 
respect of any US Government Securities Business Day, the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such US 
Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained 
from, the Relevant Source at the Specified Time on the Relevant 
Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, U.S. Bank Trust National Association, unless 
it has agreed in writing to be the Calculation Agent or SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent for any SOFR Notes, will not be responsible for (i) 
determining the SOFR, the SOFR Reference Rate, any rate related to 
SOFR or any other rate or any successor or replacement rate or any 
changes related to SOFR in connection with any of the foregoing, (ii)

--- Page 106 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
monitoring, determining or verifying the unavailability or cessation of 
SOFR or the SOFR Reference Rate, and shall not have any liability for 
the failure of any party to set such rate; 
"Specified Time" means 3:00 p.m. New York City time or such other 
time as is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association or any successor organisation 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in US government securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
(B) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR and either (i) Index 
Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) this paragraph (B) applies pursuant to the proviso to the 
definition of the term "Compounded Daily SOFR" in Condition 
6(b)(v)(E) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes – 
Compounded Daily SOFR-Index Determination), the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest ‒ Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR as defined in this paragraph (B) in respect of 
such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
൥ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖−1
−1൩ 𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Observation Period in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
"do" means the number of US Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 107 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Observation Period in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the 
relevant US Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the first US 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, to (and including) the last US Government Securities 
Business Day in such Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the first US 
Government Securities Business Day in the SOFR Observation 
Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period, to (and 
including) the last US Government Securities Business Day in 
such SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" means, for any US Government Securities Business Day i in the 
SOFR Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the 
number of days from (and including) such US Government Securities 
Business Day i to (but excluding) the following US Government 
Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any US Government Securities Business 
Day i in the SOFR Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, the SOFR Reference Rate in respect of such US Government 
Securities Business Day i. 
(C) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used 
pursuant to paragraph (2) of the definition of the term "SOFR Reference 
Rate", then the Issuer or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
will determine the SOFR Benchmark Replacement with respect to then-
current SOFR Benchmark in accordance with the definition thereof and 
in connection with determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement: 
(1) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, shall also determine the method for obtaining or 
otherwise determining the rate described in subparagraph (a) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of the term "SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement", as applicable (including (i) the 
page, section or other part of a particular information service on 
or source from which such rate appears or is obtained (the 
"Relevant Source"), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, 
or is obtained from, the Relevant Source (the "Alternative 
Specified Time"), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear 
on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each 
US Government Securities Business Day (the "Relevant Date"), 
and (iv) any alternative method for determining such rate if it is 
unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the applicable 
Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such rate; 
(2) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the 
Specified Time in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time;

--- Page 108 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
(3) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, determines that (i) changes to the definitions of 
Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Period, Observation Shift Period, SOFR Observation Period, 
SOFR Reference Rate or US Government Securities Business 
Day or (ii) any other technical changes to any other provision of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to 
implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any 
alternative method described in limb (iv) of paragraph (1) above) 
as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, decide that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determine that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary), 
such definitions or other provisions will be amended to reflect 
such changes as contemplated in paragraph (b) of Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and 
Conditions; Substitution); and 
(4) 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as 
soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent, and the relevant 
Agent (and in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant 
Registrar) and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
well as the details described above and the amendments 
implemented pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and 
Conditions; Substitution) as contemplated in paragraph (3) 
above. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6(b)(v) (Interest 
– Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes), if the Issuer has appointed a 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement as of the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, then, 
in such case, the Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be. 
The Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent at any time. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders 
of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this 
Condition 6(b)(v) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes) 
(including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any 
determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection) will be made 
in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and will, in the absence of manifest error, be final and

--- Page 109 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
binding on all parties. Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents will be required to exercise discretion with respect to, or be 
responsible for, determining any substitute for any SOFR Benchmark. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
(E) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) and subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR as defined in this 
paragraph (E) in respect of such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰ 𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index for the day which is p US 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index for the day which is p US 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period 
Relevant Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"d" means the number of days in the SOFR Observation Period in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that, if the SOFR Index required to determine 
SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website at the Specified Time on the relevant US 
Government Securities Business Day, then "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
in respect of such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will 
have the meaning given to such term, and will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(b)(v)(B) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate 
– SOFR Notes – Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
(for these purposes, as if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
(vi) 
SONIA Notes 
SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA and either (i) Index 
Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) this paragraph (A) applies pursuant to the proviso to the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA" 
in 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes

--- Page 110 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
– SONIA-Index Determination), the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest) and Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) and subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA as defined in this paragraph (A) in respect 
of such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑𝑑
 
where: 
"d" means the number of days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Observation Period in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Observation Period in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period, to (and including) 
the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the SONIA Observation Period in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period, to and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such SONIA Observation Period; 
"Lag Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ni" means for any London Banking Day i in the relevant Interest Period 
or SONIA Observation Period (as applicable), the number of days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day i to (but excluding) the first 
following London Banking Day;

--- Page 111 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
"Observation Shift Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period or SONIA Observation Period (as 
applicable), the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant SONIA Page" means the page, section or other part of a 
particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters and 
Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant SONIA Page in the relevant Final 
Terms (or (i) such other page, section or other part as may replace that 
page, section or other part on that information service, or (ii) such page, 
section or other part of such other information service that may replace 
that information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for purposes of 
displaying SONIA); 
"SONIA" means the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate; 
"SONIA Authorised Distributors" has the meaning assigned to such 
term in the definition of the term "SONIA Reference Rate"; 
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period Relevant Date 
in respect of such Interest Period; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day and subject to Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) (Interest – Interest-Floating 
Rate – SONIA Notes), SONIA for such London Banking Day as provided 
by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of SONIA) to 
authorised distributors (the "SONIA Authorised Distributors") and as 
then published on the Relevant SONIA Page (or, if the Relevant SONIA 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the SONIA Authorised 
Distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any London Banking Day i 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for 
the London Banking Day falling p London Banking Days prior 
to such London Banking Day i; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any London 
Banking Day i in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London 
Banking Day i. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or SONIA Observation Period (as applicable), the applicable SONIA 
Reference Rate is not made available on the Relevant SONIA Page or 
has not otherwise been published by the SONIA Authorised Distributors, 
then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day 
shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business)

--- Page 112 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
on such London Banking Day, and (ii) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant SONIA Page (or otherwise published 
by the SONIA Authorised Distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant SONIA Page (or otherwise published 
by the SONIA Authorised Distributors). 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(1) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) (x) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Interest Commencement Date, or (y) in the case of Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date, as applicable (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
SONIA – Index Determination 
(C) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) and 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA as defined in 
this paragraph (C) for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = ቆ𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑦𝑦
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑥𝑥
−1ቇ𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 113 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
where: 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London Banking Day 
(as defined in Condition  6(b)(vi)(A) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA 
Notes – SONIA-Non-Index Determination), the Compounded Daily SONIA rate, 
published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) on such London Banking Day, by the Bank 
of England (or any successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database (or any successor source on which the 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England (or such 
successor administrator)); 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index in 
respect of the day that is p (as defined in Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Interest – 
Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes – SONIA-Non-Index Determination)) 
London Banking Days preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index in 
respect of the day that is p London Banking Days preceding the Interest Period 
Relevant Date; and 
"d" means the number of days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as 
defined in Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes 
– SONIA-Non-Index Determination)), 
provided, however, that, if the SONIA Compounded Index required to 
determine SONIA CompoundedIndexx or SONIA CompoundedIndexy does not 
appear at 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant London Banking Day on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database or (any successor source on 
which the Compounded Daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England 
(or such successor administrator)), then "Compounded Daily SONIA" for such 
Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will have the meaning given to 
such term in, and will be determined in accordance with, paragraph (A) of this 
Condition 6(b)(vi) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes) (for these 
purposes, as if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms) and Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA 
Notes-Non-Index Determination) (or, failing which, Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) 
(Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes – SONIA-Index 
Determination)). 
(vii) 
SARON Notes 
(A) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(vii) (Interest – Interest-Floating 
Rate – SARON Notes): 
"Affected SARON Observation Period" has the meaning assigned to 
such term in Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)). 
"Affected Zurich Banking Day" has the meaning assigned to such term 
in the definition of the term "SARON". 
"Alternative SARON Reference Rate" has the meaning assigned to 
such term in Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)). 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
(1) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON

--- Page 114 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day; or 
(2) 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator 
Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and 
a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have not both occurred at or prior to the Relevant 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich 
Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website; or 
(3) 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator 
Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and 
a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have both occurred at or prior to the Relevant 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; 
or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SNB Policy Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich 
Banking Day with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant 
to subparagraph (3)(ii) above has not been published on such Zurich 
Banking Day and the relevant Final Terms specify Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) 
as being applicable, then, in respect of such Zurich Banking Day (the 
"Affected Zurich Banking Day") and each Zurich Banking Day 
thereafter, "SARON" will mean the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate, if any, determined in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)). 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Index Ltd (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight. 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SIX 
Group, or any successor website or other source on which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is published by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator. 
"SARON Compounded" has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Condition 6(b)(vii)(C).

--- Page 115 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in paragraph (1) of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in limb (i) of paragraph (2) of the definition thereof, 
the latest of: 
(i) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(ii) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or 
publication as the date on which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; and 
(iii) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in limb 
(ii) of paragraph (2) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
limbs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (2), the date as of 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer 
be used; and 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in limb (ii) of paragraph (2) of the definition thereof, 
the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used. 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (i) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will 
as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (ii) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain 
date, which statement, in the case of limb (ii) above, is 
applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives. 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) 
the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Period 
Relevant Date in respect of such Interest Period. 
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to 
any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may 
be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating 
such a spread,

--- Page 116 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
(1) 
that the SARON Recommending Replacement Rate Body has 
recommended be applied to such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; or 
(2) 
if the SARON Recommending Replacement Rate Body has not 
recommended such a spread, formula or methodology as 
described in paragraph (1) above, to be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to Holders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon. 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has 
been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight by any working group or committee in Switzerland organised 
in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among 
other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in 
Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the "SARON 
Recommending Replacement Rate Body"). 
"SARON Recommending Replacement Rate Body" has the meaning 
assigned to such term in the definition of the term "SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate". 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, 
the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Holders as a result 
of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the historical 
median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON 
Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred). 
"SNB Policy Rate" means, with respect to any Zurich Banking Day, the 
policy rate of the Swiss National Bank for such Zurich Banking Day. 
(B) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest) and Condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) and subject as 
provided below, be SARON Compounded as defined in subparagraph

--- Page 117 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
6(b)(vii)(C) below in respect of such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
"SARON Compounded" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑏𝑏
𝑖𝑖=1
−1቏ 𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
 
where: 
"db" means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the SARON 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"dc" means the number of days in the SARON Observation Period in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" indexes a series of whole numbers from one to db, representing the 
Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period in chronological order from (and including) the 
first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period, to (and 
including) the last Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation 
Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of days 
from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day i to (but excluding) the 
first following Zurich Banking Day; and 
"SARONi " means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON in 
respect of such Zurich Banking Day i. 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent (1) is required to use a SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to subparagraph (3)(i) 
or (3)(ii) of the definition of the term "SARON" set out in Condition 
6(b)(vii)(A) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SARON Notes), for 
purposes of determining SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
and (2) determines that any changes to the definitions of Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Period, Relevant Time, SARON Observation 
Period, SARON, SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator 
Website or Zurich Banking Day are necessary in order to use such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate (and any SARON 
Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any 
SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, for such purposes, such 
definitions shall be amended pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and modification of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) to 
reflect such changes, and the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) specifying the 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate and any SARON 
Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB Adjustment Spread, as 
applicable, and the amendments implemented pursuant to Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders and modification of Terms and Conditions; 
Substitution). 
(viii) 
CORRA Notes

--- Page 118 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
CORRA-Non-Index Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily CORRA and either (i) Index 
Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) this paragraph (A) applies pursuant to the proviso in the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Compounded 
Daily 
CORRA" 
in 
Condition 6(b)(viii)(B) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – CORRA 
Notes – CORRA-Index Determination), the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily CORRA as defined in this paragraph (A) in respect 
of such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily CORRA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
ቍ × 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"do" means the number of Bank of Canada Business Days in the CORRA 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant Bank of Canada Business Day in chronological order from 
(and including) the first Bank of Canada Business Day in the CORRA 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"CORRAi" means, in respect of any Bank of Canada Business Day i in 
the CORRA Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period, 
a reference rate equal to the daily CORRA rate for that Bank of Canada 
Business Day, as published or displayed by the Reference Rate 
Administrator or an authorised distributor at 11:00 a.m. Toronto time (or 
an amended publication time, if any, as specified in the Reference Rate 
Administrator's methodology for calculating CORRA) on the 
immediately following Bank of Canada Business Day, which is Bank of 
Canada Business Day i + 1; 
"ni" means, for any Bank of Canada Business Day i in the CORRA 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such Bank of Canada Business 
Day i to (but excluding) the following Bank of Canada Business Day, 
which is Bank of Canada Business Day i + 1; and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the CORRA Observation Period in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period. 
If neither the Reference Rate Administrator nor authorised distributors 
provide or publish CORRA and a CORRA Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to CORRA has not occurred, then, in respect of any 
day for which CORRA is required, references to CORRA will be deemed 
to be references to the last provided or published CORRA.

--- Page 119 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
If a CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date occurs with respect to 
CORRA, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period in respect of which 
the Interest Determination Date occurs on or after such CORRA Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be the CAD Recommended Rate on such 
Interest Determination Date, to which the Calculation Agent will apply 
the most recently published spread and make such adjustments as are 
necessary to account for any difference in the term, structure or tenor of 
the CAD Recommended Rate in comparison to CORRA, if any. 
If there is a CAD Recommended Rate before the end of the first Bank of 
Canada Business Day following the CORRA Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to CORRA, but neither the Reference Rate 
Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the CAD 
Recommended Rate and a CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date with 
respect to the CAD Recommended Rate has not occurred, then, in respect 
of any day for which the CAD Recommended Rate is required, 
references to the CAD Recommended Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published CAD Recommended Rate. 
If: (a) there is no CAD Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Bank of Canada Business Day following the CORRA Index Cessation 
Effective Date with respect to CORRA; or (b) there is a CAD 
Recommended Rate and a CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occurs with respect to the CAD Recommended Rate, the 
Rate of Interest rate for any Interest Period in respect of which the 
Interest Determination Date which occurs on or after such applicable 
CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date will be the BOC Target Rate on 
such Interest Determination Date, to which the Calculation Agent will 
apply the most recently published spread and make such adjustments as 
are necessary to account for any difference in the term, structure or tenor 
of the BOC Target Rate in comparison to CORRA. 
In respect of any day for which the BOC Target Rate is required, 
references to the BOC Target Rate will be deemed to be references to the 
last provided or published BOC Target Rate as of the close of business 
in Toronto on that day. 
In connection with the implementation of an Applicable Rate, the 
Calculation Agent may, in consultation with the Issuer, make such 
adjustments to the Applicable Rate or the spread thereon, if any, as well 
as the business day convention (including the Business Day Convention), 
the calendar day count convention, Interest Determination Dates, and 
related provisions and definitions (including observation dates for 
reference rates), in each case as are consistent with accepted market 
practice for the use of the Applicable Rate for debt obligations such as 
the Notes in such circumstances.  The Issuer will give notice or will 
procure that notice is given as soon as practicable to the relevant Agent 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
specifying the Applicable Rate, as well as any such adjustments 
implemented pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution). 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in relation to the Applicable 
Rate, including any determination with respect to an adjustment or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will 
be conclusive and binding, absent manifest error; (ii) if made by the 
Issuer, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer, or, as applicable, 
if made by the Calculation Agent will be made after consultation with 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will not make any such

--- Page 120 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
determination, decision or election to which the Issuer objects and will 
have no liability for not making any such determination, decision or 
election; and (iii) shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Notes or any other party upon their implementation 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and 
modification of Terms and Conditions; Substitution).  
CORRA-Index Determination 
(B) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily CORRA and Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) and 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily CORRA as defined in 
this paragraph (B) in respect of such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily CORRA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
Compounded Daily CORRA = ൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠𝑠
−1൰𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"CORRA Compounded Indexstart" is the CORRA Compounded Index 
value on the date that is two Bank of Canada Business Days preceding 
the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"CORRA Compounded Indexend" is the CORRA Compounded Index 
value on the date that is two Bank of Canada Business Days preceding 
the Interest Period Relevant Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the CORRA Observation Period in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided that if (i) the CORRA Compounded Indexstart or the CORRA 
Compounded Indexend is not published or displayed by the Reference 
Rate Administrator or an authorised distributor by 11:30 a.m. Toronto 
time (or an amended publication time, if any, as specified in the 
Reference Rate Administrator's methodology for calculating the CORRA 
Compounded Index) on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest 
Period, but a CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date with respect to the 
CORRA Compounded Index has not occurred, or (ii) a CORRA Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect to the CORRA Compounded Index 
has occurred, then Compounded Daily CORRA for such Interest Period 
will have the meaning given to such term in, and will be determined in 
accordance with, paragraph (A) of this Condition 6(b)(viii). 
(C) 
Definitions: 
"Applicable Rate" means one of Compounded Daily CORRA, the CAD 
Recommended Rate or the BOC Target Rate, as applicable.

--- Page 121 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
"Bank of Canada Business Day" means a day that Schedule I banks 
under the Bank Act (Canada) are open for business in Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada, other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in Toronto 
(or such revised regular publication calendar for an Applicable Rate as 
may be adopted by the Reference Rate Administrator from time to time). 
"BOC Target Rate" means the Bank of Canada's Target for the 
overnight rate as set by the Bank of Canada and published on the Bank 
of Canada's website. 
"Business Day" means any day on which Canadian chartered banks are 
open for business in Toronto and which is not a Saturday or Sunday. 
"CAD Recommended Rate" means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for CORRA by a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for CORRA (which rate 
may be produced by the Bank of Canada or another administrator) and 
as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided 
by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by 
an authorised distributor. 
"CORRA Compounded Index" means the measure of the cumulative 
impact of CORRA compounding over time administered and published 
by the Bank of Canada (or any successor Reference Rate Administrator). 
"CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the Applicable Rate is no 
longer provided. If the Applicable Rate ceases to be provided on the same 
day that it is required to determine the rate for an Interest Determination 
Date, but it was provided at the time at which it is to be observed (or, if 
no such time is specified, at the time at which it is ordinarily published), 
then the CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date will be the next day on 
which the rate would ordinarily have been published. 
"CORRA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of an Applicable 
Rate: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the Reference Rate Administrator or provider of the 
Applicable Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Applicable Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor Reference Rate Administrator or provider of the 
Applicable Rate that will continue to provide the Applicable 
Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the Reference Rate Administrator or 
provider of the Applicable Rate, the Bank of Canada, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the Reference Rate 
Administrator or provider of the Applicable Rate, a resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
Administrator or provider of the Applicable Rate or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
Reference Rate Administrator or provider of the Applicable 
Rate, which states that the Reference Rate Administrator or 
provider of the Applicable Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Applicable Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor Reference Rate Administrator or provider of the

--- Page 122 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Applicable Rate that will continue to provide the Applicable 
Rate. 
"CORRA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date that is two Bank of Canada 
Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date that is two Bank of Canada Business Days preceding 
the Interest Period Relevant Date in respect of such Interest Period. 
"Reference Rate Administrator" means the Bank of Canada or any 
successor administrator for CORRA and/or the CORRA Compounded 
Index or the administrator (or its successor) of another Applicable Rate, 
as applicable. 
(ix) 
TONA Notes 
(A) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(ix) (Interest – Interest-Floating 
Rate – TONA Notes): 
"Compounded Daily TONA" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
ቨෑ൬1 + 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
ቩ× 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of days in the TONA Observation Period in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"do" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the TONA 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in the TONA Observation Period in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period, to (and including) the last Tokyo Banking 
Day in such TONA Observation Period; 
"ni" means, for any Tokyo Banking Day i in the TONA Observation 
Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the number of days from 
(and including) such Tokyo Banking Day i up to (but excluding) the first 
following Tokyo Banking Day; and 
"TONAi" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day i in the TONA 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the TONA 
Reference Rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day i; 
"Lag Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Shift Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"p" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days included specified as the 
"Lag Period" or "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 123 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
"Relevant TONA Page" means the page, section or other part of a 
particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters and 
Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant TONA Page in the relevant Final 
Terms (or (i) such other page, section or other part as may replace that 
page, section or other part on that information service, or (ii) such page, 
section or other part of such other information service that may replace 
that information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for purposes of 
displaying TONA); 
"TONA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p Tokyo Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior to the Interest Period Relevant Date 
in respect of such Interest Period; and 
"TONA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, 
the rate equal to: 
(1) 
TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as appearing on 
the Relevant TONA Page at or about the Relevant Time on the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo 
Banking Day; or 
(2) 
if TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (1) above, TONA in respect of the last 
Tokyo Banking Day for which TONA was published on the 
Relevant TONA Page. 
(B) 
In the case of TONA Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest) and Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and 
CORRA Notes)) and subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
TONA in respect of such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
If the Calculation Agent cannot determine Compounded Daily TONA in 
respect of any Interest Period in accordance with paragraph (B) above: 
(1) 
Compounded Daily TONA in respect of such Interest Period 
will be equal to Compounded Daily TONA determined in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period; or 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(f) 
(Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes)), be the Rate of Interest that would have been applicable 
for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) (x) in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes, the Interest Commencement Date, or (y) in the case 
of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, as applicable (and applying the Margin 
(if any) and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled 
Interest Period).

--- Page 124 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
If the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms is "Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate", the Notes will bear interest on their nominal amount at the applicable Rate 
of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
(x) if the Notes are early redeemed pursuant to subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) 
of Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the applicable Early Redemption 
Date, or (y) otherwise, the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if (upon due 
presentation thereof where presentation is required) payment with respect to any 
Note is improperly withheld or refused on such Early Redemption Date or the 
Maturity Date, as the case may be, interest will continue to accrue on the nominal 
amount of such Note (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of 
Interest to but excluding the Relevant Date. Interest on the Notes will be payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Calculation of amount of interest per Calculation Amount 
(A) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes for any period 
ending on or prior to, or payable on any date falling on or prior to, the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date: 
(1) 
in the case of each Interest Payment Date, will be the Fixed 
Coupon Amount, unless the relevant Final Terms specify that 
the Broken Amount is applicable to any such Interest Payment 
Date, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount on such Interest Payment Date will be the 
Broken Amount; or 
(2) 
where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or in the case of any date 
that is not an Interest Payment Date, shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, one half of any such Sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
(B) 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of a Note on any date falling 
after the Floating Rate Commencement Date, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount on such date will be calculated by: 
(1) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount; 
(2) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(3) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest Sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, one half of any such Sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(iii) 
Calculation of amount of interest per Note 
The amount of interest payable in respect of a Note will be the product of: 
(A) 
the amount of interest per Calculation Amount; and 
(B) 
the number by which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied 
to equal the nominal amount of such Note.

--- Page 125 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
(d) 
Interest – Index-linked 
If the Index-linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, the Rate(s) of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes and Index-linked Notes - General Provisions 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes and Index-linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will, as 
soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of the nominal 
amount of the smallest or minimum denomination or integral multiple, as the case may be, 
of such Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest Sub-unit of the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated or, as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of any such 
Sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes) 
If the relevant Final Terms for any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than any Series of SOFR Notes or CORRA Notes) specify that this Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) is applicable, then notwithstanding 
the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iii)(B) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – Floating Rate 
Notes (ISDA Determination and Screen Rate Determination) – Screen Rate 
Determination) above, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines prior to any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event has occurred 
or (in the case of SARON Notes) if the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the 
definition of the term "SARON" have been satisfied, then the following provisions shall 
apply (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine in the Independent Adviser's reasonable discretion, (1) a Successor 
Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate to the relevant Reference Rate no 
later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (such Business Day, the "Independent 
Adviser Determination Cut-off Date", and such next succeeding Interest Period, 
the "Affected Interest Period") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Affected Interest Period and all Interest Periods thereafter or (2) 
(in the case of SARON Notes) in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, an 
alternative rate to SARON (the "Alternative SARON Reference Rate"), being 
such rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent), as applicable, determines in its reasonable discretion has 
replaced SARON in customary market usage, or, if the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer, as applicable, determines in its reasonable discretion that there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines in its reasonable discretion is most 
comparable to SARON, on or prior to the Affected Zurich Banking Day (such 
Zurich Banking Day, the "Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date"), 
for purposes of determining SARON applicable to the Affected Zurich Banking 
Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation 
Period in which the Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the "Affected SARON 
Observation Period") and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter;

--- Page 126 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if on or prior to the Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by the Issuer fails to determine (1) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, then the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) may determine in its discretion, in accordance with 
subparagraph (iv) below, a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there 
is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period and all Interest 
Periods thereafter or (2) (in the case of SARON Notes) an Alternative SARON 
Reference Rate in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, then the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) may determine in its discretion, in 
accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, the Alternative SARON Reference 
Rate for purposes of determining SARON applicable to the Affected Zurich 
Banking Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the Affected 
SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter; 
(iii) 
if subparagraph (ii) above applies and (1) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the Affected Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period shall be the Rate of 
Interest determined as at the Interest Determination Date in respect of the last 
preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the Affected Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period (pursuant to the terms contained in the relevant Final 
Terms (as applicable)), the Margin relating to the Affected Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or in the case 
of the first Interest Period for Notes that are Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period will be equal to the 
Fixed Rate of Interest; provided, however, that, if this subparagraph (iii) applies 
to the Affected Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for all succeeding Interest 
Periods shall be the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period as 
determined in accordance with this paragraph (iii) unless (A) the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion, elects to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
in respect of any such succeeding Interest Period and all Interest Periods thereafter 
in accordance with the relevant processes set out in this Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)), and (B) a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate is so determined, or (2) (in the case of SARON 
Notes) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Alternative SARON 
Reference Rate on or prior to the Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off 
Date in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, (x) SARON applicable to the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day shall be SARON determined as at the last Zurich 
Banking Day preceding the Affected Zurich Banking Day, and (y) SARON for 
all succeeding Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period 
and for all Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Periods thereafter 
shall be SARON applicable to the Affected Zurich Banking Day as determined in 
accordance with this subparagraph (iii) unless (A) the Issuer, in its sole discretion, 
elects to determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate in respect of any such 
succeeding Zurich Banking Day and all Zurich Banking Days thereafter in 
accordance with the processes set out in this Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)), and (B) an Alternative SARON Reference 
Rate is so determined; and 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) determines (1) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate pursuant to subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, respectively or (2) (or, 
in the case of SARON Notes) an Alternative SARON Reference Rate pursuant to 
subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, respectively,

--- Page 127 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
(A) 
the Independent Adviser (in the case of (B) below, in consultation with 
the Issuer) or, following consultation with the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer (as the case may be) shall also determine in its reasonable 
discretion (I) the method for obtaining or otherwise determining the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the 
case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate, 
including the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service on or source from which the Alternative Reference Rate or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate 
appears or is obtained (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page"), and 
the time at which the Alternative Reference Rate appears on, or is 
obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Screen Page (the "Alternative 
Relevant Time"), (II) whether to apply an Adjustment Spread to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the 
case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate and, if 
so, the Adjustment Spread, which Adjustment Spread shall be recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international 
debt capital markets transactions which reference the relevant Reference 
Rate or (in the case of SARON Notes) SARON, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON 
Reference Rate, and (III) any alternative method for obtaining the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) if such rate 
is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date or (in the case 
of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate, which 
alternative method shall be consistent with any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON 
Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate that has broad market 
support; 
(B) 
for the Affected Interest Period and all Interest Periods thereafter or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation 
Period and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter, references to the 
Reference Rate or (in the case of SARON Notes) SARON in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to be references to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the 
case of SARON Notes) SARON (giving effect to any Adjustment Spread 
determined pursuant to paragraph (A)(II) above and including any 
alternative method for determining the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) SARON 
as described in paragraph (A)(III) above); 
(C) 
references to the Relevant Screen Page or Relevant BBSW Page, as the 
case may be and if applicable, and to the Relevant Time in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to be references to the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page and the Alternative Relevant Time, 
respectively; 
(D) 
if any changes to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date, (in the case of 
SARON Notes) SARON, SARON Observation Period or Zurich 
Banking Day and/or changes to any of Conditions 6(b)(iii)(B) (Interest – 
Interest-Floating Rate – Floating Rate Notes (ISDA Determination and 
Screen Rate Determination) – Screen Rate Determination), 6(b)(iv) 
(Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – €STR Notes), 6(b)(vi) (Interest – 
Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes), 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) and/or 6(j) (Interest 
– Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) are necessary in order to 
implement the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as

--- Page 128 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON 
Reference Rate, (including any Adjustment Spread determined pursuant 
to paragraph (A)(II) above and any alternative method for determining 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate as 
described in paragraph (A)(III) above), such definitions and Conditions 
6(b)(iii)(B) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – Floating Rate Notes 
(ISDA Determination and Screen Rate Determination) – Screen Rate 
Determination), 6(b)(iv) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – €STR Notes), 
6(b)(vi) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SONIA Notes), 6(f) (Interest 
– Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) 
and/or 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) shall be 
amended pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) 
to reflect such changes; and 
(E) 
the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) specifying the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) the 
Alternative SARON Reference Rate (including any Adjustment Spread 
determined pursuant to paragraph (A)(II) above and any alternative 
method for obtaining the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON 
Reference Rate as described in paragraph (A)(III) above), the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page, the Alternative Relevant Time, and any 
amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; 
Substitution) as described in paragraph (D) above. 
Any determination that is made by an Independent Adviser or by the Issuer for purposes 
of this Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)) will be made 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, subject to compliance with all relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by 
reference to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of partly paid Notes (other than partly paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and 
otherwise as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Notification of Rates of Interest etc. by Calculation Agent; calculation of Interest 
Amounts and Rates of Interest pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Amount and such other information as may be determined by it, to be 
notified to the Paying Agents and, in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant 
Registrar and the Transfer Agents (from whose respective specified offices such 
information will be available) as soon as practicable after such determination but 
in any event no later than the fourth London Banking Day after the Interest 
Determination Date or, in the case of €STR Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes, 
SARON Notes and TONA Notes, no later than the last day of the relevant Interest 
Period and, in the case of Notes admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market, the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or

--- Page 129 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market") or the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, cause each such Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and such other information as the case may be, to be notified to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Dublin no later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period or, in the case of €STR Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes, 
SARON Notes and TONA Notes, on the last day of the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount, Interest Payment Date or other information (or to make appropriate 
alternative arrangements by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of the 
extension or abbreviation of the relevant Interest Period or Calculation Period. 
Notice of any amendment will be given in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
If the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to paragraph (b), (c), (d) or (e) of 
Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and, in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes, the Early Redemption Date falls in the Floating Rate Period, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate any interest amount payable on the Early 
Redemption Date and cause such interest amount to be notified to the Issuer, to 
the Paying Agents and, in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Registrar and 
the Transfer Agents and to any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are at the relevant time listed and to be published in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) no later than two Business Days prior to the Early 
Redemption Date. If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the final Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon 
as provided in Condition 6(b) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate). 
(iii) 
All determinations made by the Calculation Agent (or, if applicable, any 
Independent Adviser) for the purposes of this Condition shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
(j) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms (and rounded to the nearest Sub-
unit, one half of any such Sub-unit to be rounded upwards unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms) on the Maturity Date or Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
provided that, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption date may not fall earlier 
than five years and one day after the Issue Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer may at any time redeem all of the Notes (but may not partially redeem the 
Notes) at their nominal amount or the Tax Redemption Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (together in each case with accrued interest in the case of interest-bearing 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 45 days' (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders and the relevant Agent 
(and in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Registrar) of its intention to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition, if:

--- Page 130 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation) 
below) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Fair Market Value) 
If this Condition 7(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Fair Market Value)) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Issuer may at any time redeem all of the Notes (but may not partially redeem the Notes) 
at the Fair Market Value Amount (together in each case with accrued interest in the case 
of interest-bearing Notes), on giving not less than 15 and not more than 35 days' (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders 
and the relevant Agent (and in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Registrar) of its 
intention to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition, if, due to the adoption of 
or any change in any applicable law or regulations or due to the promulgation of or any 
change in interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulations, it has become illegal or impossible to 
hold, acquire, or dispose of the Notes by the Issuer or its affiliates or the Issuer or its 
affiliates will incur materially increased costs in performing its obligations under such 
Notes. No further amounts will be due to Noteholders after such payment. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the redemption 
of the Fair Market Value Amount in the Specified Currency is impossible, impracticable 
or illegal, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at the Fair Market Value Amount in another 
currency converted at the spot rate between the Specified Currency and such other 
currency determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
The "Fair Market Value Amount" will be, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, the fair market value of such Notes, less a pro rata share 
of the costs of unwinding any related underlying hedging arrangements, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on a day selected by the Calculation Agent which such day must be 
at least one Business Day prior to the due date for early redemption. For the purposes of 
determining the fair market value of the Notes in the case of an Event of Default, the Issuer 
will be deemed to be able to meet its obligations in full as these fall due. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If this Condition 7(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in subparagraph 
(i) above, notice to the Agent and the relevant Registrar, (which notices shall be 
irrevocable),

--- Page 131 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date; provided that, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Optional Redemption Date may not fall earlier than five years 
and one day after the Issue Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount each as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption) 
If this Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption)) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in subparagraph 
(i) above, notice to the Agent and the relevant Registrar, (which notices shall be 
irrevocable), 
elect, in its sole discretion, to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any Make-
Whole Redemption Date at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding such Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
(f) 
The Appropriate Notice 
The notice referred to in paragraphs (b), (d), (e) and (e) of this Condition 7 (Redemption 
and Purchase) is a notice given by the Issuer to the Noteholders, the relevant Agent and 
the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), which shall be signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall specify the following details: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be 
redeemed; 
(iii) 
the due date for such redemption, which in the case of Condition 7(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 7(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Fair Market 
Value)) and Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption)) shall be a Business Day; and 
(iv) 
the circumstances giving rise to the Issuer's entitlement to effect such redemption. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to 
make the redemption therein specified. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If this Condition 7(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Opinion of the 
Noteholders) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date or such other period of notice as is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but

--- Page 132 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date; provided that, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, the Optional Redemption Date shall not fall earlier than five years and one day after 
the Issue Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, 
the holder of this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, 
an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
If this Note is represented by a Permanent Global Note or Global Note Certificate the 
bearer of such Permanent Global Note or the holder of such Global Note Certificate must, 
within the notice period, give written notice of such exercise to the relevant Agent 
specifying the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is exercised. Any 
such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by 
notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to 
declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates may at any time purchase Notes at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) shall 
be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith at the time of redemption) and may not be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
(i) 
In respect of any Note (other than an Index-linked Note and a Zero Coupon Note), 
"Early Redemption Amount" means its nominal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these General Terms 
and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of Index-linked Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes but including 
Partly Paid Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than 
that in which the Notes are denominated, "Early Redemption Amount" means 
such amount specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, or determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, at their nominal 
amount. 
(iii) 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, "Early Redemption Amount" means the 
amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Reference 
Price"); and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable.

--- Page 133 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
it shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each or 
such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Partial redemption 
If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), in the case of Bearer Notes, the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the relevant 
Agent approves and in such manner as the relevant Agent considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) shall specify the serial numbers of 
the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be 
redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate 
nominal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Higher Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
If any of the Notes to be redeemed in part only in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) are represented by a global Note, 
such global Note may be redeemed in part in the nominal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in these General Terms and Conditions but in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the redemption of Bearer 
Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial 
redemption, surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any 
of the Paying Agents or to the order of any Paying Agents. 
(ii) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
In the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, 
against presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside 
the United States or its possessions and, in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note, upon due certification as required therein. 
(B) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes without Coupons attached thereto 
at the time of their initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States or its possessions. 
(C) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes delivered with Coupons attached 
thereto, against surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States or its possessions. 
(iii) 
If the due date for payment of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest 
or otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Notes is not a Payment Business Day in the 
place of presentation, then the Noteholder will not be entitled to payment thereof 
until the next following such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall

--- Page 134 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure 
to pay in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Each definitive Bearer Note initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto 
should be surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto, failing which: 
(A) 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate 
or rates, the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount 
so deducted being payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States 
or its possessions at any time prior to the tenth anniversary of the due 
date of such final redemption or, if later, the fifth anniversary of the date 
of maturity of such Coupon; and 
(B) 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes which bear interest at, or at a 
margin above or below, a floating rate, all unmatured Coupons relating 
to such definitive Bearer Notes (whether or not surrendered therewith) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of 
them. 
(v) 
So long as the Bearer SIS Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note, the 
receipt by the SIS Note Intermediary of the due payment of funds in Swiss francs 
in Switzerland shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Bearer SIS 
Notes (and the Coupons appertaining to them) for the payment of principal and 
interest to the extent of such payment. All payments required to be made by the 
Issuer under Bearer SIS Notes (and any Coupons appertaining to them) shall be 
made available in good time in freely disposable funds in Swiss francs and placed 
at the disposal of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders. 
All payments required to be made under the Bearer SIS Notes shall be made to 
the Noteholders in Swiss francs without collection costs (in the case of Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes) in Switzerland at the specified offices located in Switzerland 
of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent upon their surrender without any restrictions 
and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or 
residence of the relevant holder of the Bearer SIS Note (and any Coupons 
appertaining to it) and without any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any 
other formality. 
(b) 
Payments - Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final redemption of 
Registered Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a 
partial redemption, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes at the specified 
office of the relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
(ii) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, 
interest or otherwise) in respect of any Registered Notes is not a Payment 
Business Day, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the 
next following such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall be due 
in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of 
Registered Notes will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the relevant 
Registrar as at close of business (local time) on the Clearing System Business Day 
before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the 
Global Registered Note is being held is open for business.

--- Page 135 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(b)(i) (Payments – Registered 
Notes) payments of interest in respect of Registered Notes will be made (A) in the 
case of a currency other than Renminbi, by a cheque drawn on a bank in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and posted to the address (as recorded in the register 
held by the relevant Registrar) of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint-
Holders, the first named) on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant 
date for payment unless at least four Payment Business Days prior to such date 
the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first named) has applied 
to the relevant Registrar for payment to be made to a designated account, and (B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
and maintained by or on behalf of the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments - Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (or, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
is UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, the receipt by the SIS Note Intermediary) of the due 
payment of funds in the Specified Currency in Switzerland shall release the Issuer from 
its obligations under the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for the payment of principal and 
interest to the extent of such payment. All payments required to be made by the Issuer 
under Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes shall be made available in good time in freely 
disposable funds in the Specified Currency and placed at the disposal of the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders. All payments required to be made under 
the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes shall be made to the Noteholders in the Specified 
Currency without collection costs in Switzerland without any restrictions and whatever 
the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the relevant 
holder of the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note and without any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfilment of any other formality. 
If the due date for payment of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes is not a Payment Business 
Day, then the Noteholder will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following 
such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay 
save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
(d) 
Payments - Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
The receipt by the relevant Noteholder of the due payment of funds in the Specified 
Currency shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes for the payment of principal and interest to the extent of such payment. All 
payments required to be made by the Issuer under Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
shall be made available in good time in freely disposable funds in the Specified Currency, 
which will be placed at the disposal of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Noteholders. All payments required to be made under the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes shall be made to the Noteholders in the Specified Currency without collection costs 
in Switzerland without any restrictions and whatever the circumstances may be, 
irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the relevant holder of the 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note and without any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfilment of any other formality. For the avoidance of doubt, once the Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes of a Series have been converted into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, 
such Notes will be considered Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions set forth under paragraph (c) above will 
apply accordingly. 
If the due date for payment of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes is not a Payment 
Business Day, then the Noteholder will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next 
following such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of 
such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
(e) 
Payments - General Provisions 
(i) 
Payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of Notes will be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, 
in the currency in which it is denominated by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to 
an account maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre 
(or, if such currency is euro, to any account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred), (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency and maintained by or on behalf of the payee with a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (iii) in the case of Swiss Notes, as 
described under Conditions 8(a)(v) (Payments – Bearer Notes), 8(c) (Payments –
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes) or 8(d) (Payments – Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes), as applicable, above. 
(ii) 
The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the appointment of an Agent or 
any other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, or any Registrar and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, or another Registrar. The 
Issuer will at all times maintain (A) an Agent, (B) a Registrar, (C) if a Calculation 
Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Calculation Agent, (D) in respect 
of Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and/or such 
other applicable Relevant Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will at all times maintain at 
least one Swiss paying agent having a specified office in Switzerland if then 
required by the regulations of such Relevant Swiss Exchange and (E) for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competition 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (or any other trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland) which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer 
Agent in any particular place, a Paying Agent and/or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) a Transfer Agent having its specified office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange, quotation system and/or trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility). In respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Calculation Agent (on or after the 
Interest Determination Date for the first Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Any appointment or termination of appointment of, or any resignation by, any 
Agent, Paying Agent, (subject to subparagraph (iv) below) Calculation Agent or 
Registrar: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are not Registered Notes sold in reliance upon 
Rule 144A, may take place at any time, provided that the Issuer 
promptly notifies the Holders of any such appointment, termination or 
resignation in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(B) 
in the case of Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 144A, may 
only take effect no more than 45 and no less than 30 days after the Issuer 
has notified the Holders of such appointment, termination or resignation 
pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices); provided, however, that, in the case 
of the termination of an Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or 
Registrar in the case of insolvency, such termination may take effect 
prior to the expiry of such 30-day notice period, so long as a successor 
has been appointed to the extent required by the paragraph below (which 
appointment may also take effect prior to the expiry of such 30-day notice 
period). 
(iv) 
If at any time the Calculation Agent fails to duly calculate (A) the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amount for any Interest Period or (B) if the Notes are to be 
redeemed pursuant to paragraph (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Condition 7 (Redemption 
and Purchase) and, in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Early 
Redemption Date falls in the Floating Rate Period, the interest amount payable 
on the Early Redemption, then the Issuer reserves the right to terminate the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent and appoint a successor Calculation Agent;

--- Page 137 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
provided, however, that, if the Calculation Agent duly calculates such Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount or interest amount payable on the Early Redemption 
Date, as the case may be, prior to its termination (and the appointment of its 
successor) taking effect, the Issuer may elect, in its sole discretion and upon 
written notice to the Holders pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), to cancel such 
termination (and appointment). 
(f) 
Payment Disruption 
(i) 
Occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event or a CNY Payment Disruption 
Event 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Payment Disruption Event" or "CNY 
Payment Disruption Event" to be applicable, then, in the event that the Issuer, at 
any time and from time to time, determines in its sole discretion that a Payment 
Disruption Event or a CNY Payment Disruption Event, as the case may be, has 
occurred or is likely to occur, then the Issuer shall as soon as practicable notify 
the Noteholders, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent of the relevant 
Notes of the occurrence of such Payment Disruption Event or CNY Payment 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Payment Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event: 
(A) 
Postponement of relevant dates 
Subject to Condition 8(f)(v) (Payments – Payment Disruption – Payment 
Event Cut-Off Date), the Issuer may postpone the Interest Payment Date, 
the Maturity Date or any other date on which the relevant Notes may be 
redeemed or any other amount would otherwise be due and payable in 
respect of the relevant Notes to a date falling no more than five Business 
Days (or such other date as may be determined by the Issuer and notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and 
notified to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent) after the date on 
which the Payment Disruption Event is no longer occurring (the 
"Postponed Date"). Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such postponement. 
(B) 
Issuer's option to vary settlement 
Notwithstanding the Issuer's right to postpone the date(s) for payments 
and/or redemption in accordance with Condition 8(f)(ii)(A) (Payments – 
Payment Disruption – Payment Disruption Event – Postponement of 
relevant dates), the Issuer may, if practicable (and to the extent lawful), 
and as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(1) 
make payments due to be made in the Subject Currency in the 
Base Currency, converted from the Subject Currency into the 
Base Currency at a rate reasonably selected by the Issuer; or 
(2) 
make payments due to be made in the Base Currency in the 
Subject Currency, disregarding any obligation to convert 
amounts into the Base Currency. 
Any payments made in accordance with this Condition 8(f)(ii)(B) 
(Payments – Payment Disruption – Payment Disruption Event – Issuer's 
option to vary settlement) shall satisfy and discharge in full the Issuer's 
obligation to pay the Interest Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount or other amount in respect of which the Payment 
Disruption Event has arisen, and no further amounts shall be due and 
payable by the Issuer in respect thereof.

--- Page 138 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
(iii) 
CNY Payment Disruption Event 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "CNY Payment Disruption Event" to 
be applicable, then "Payment of Equivalent Amount" and "Date 
Postponement" shall be applicable unless the relevant Final Terms 
specify "Payment of Equivalent Amount" and/or "Date Postponement" 
as "Not Applicable" in respect of such Notes. 
(B) 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
(1) 
Postponement of relevant dates 
If "Date Postponement" is applicable, then Condition 8(f)(ii)(A) 
(Payment – Payment Disruption – Payment Disruption Event – 
Postponement of relevant dates) shall apply, provided that the 
reference therein to "Payment Disruption Event" shall be 
construed as a reference to "CNY Payment Disruption Event". 
(2) 
Payment of Equivalent Amount 
If "Payment of Equivalent Amount" is applicable, and the Issuer 
determines that a CNY Payment Disruption Event has occurred 
in relation to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Notes to 
pay any Interest Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, or other amount in respect of the relevant 
Notes on the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date, or 
such other date on which any amount in respect of the relevant 
Notes shall be due and payable (such date, the "Affected 
Payment Date"), then the Issuer may, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and to 
the Calculation Agent and Paying Agent as soon as practicable 
and in any event prior to the date on which the payment of the 
Equivalent Amount is due and payable to the Noteholders, make 
payment of the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount, or 
such other amount payable (if applicable) in full and final 
settlement of its obligations to pay such Interest Amount, Fixed 
Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount, or other amount in 
respect of the relevant Notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(1) 
if both "Payment of Equivalent Amount" and "Date 
Postponement" are applicable, and if the Issuer decides 
to exercise its right of postponement pursuant to 
Condition 
8(f)(iii)(B)(1) 
(Payment 
– 
Payment 
Disruption – CNY Payment Disruption Event – 
Postponement of relevant dates) and payment of the 
Equivalent Amount pursuant to this Condition 
8(f)(iii)(B)(2) (Payment – Payment Disruption – CNY 
Payment Disruption Event – Payment of Equivalent 
Amount), the Equivalent Amount in respect of the 
relevant Interest Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount or other amount (if applicable) in 
respect of the relevant Notes shall be due and payable 
on the Postponed Date instead of the Affected Payment 
Date; and 
(2) 
if (x) only the "Payment of Equivalent Amount" is 
applicable, or (y) both "Payment of Equivalent 
Amount" and "Date Postponement" are applicable and

--- Page 139 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
the Issuer decides only to exercise the right of payment 
of the Equivalent Amount pursuant to this Condition 
8(f)(iii)(B)(2) Payment – Payment Disruption – CNY 
Payment Disruption Event – Payment of Equivalent 
Amount) but not its right of postponement pursuant to 
Condition 
8(f)(iii)(B)(1) 
(Payment 
– 
Payment 
Disruption – CNY Payment Disruption Event – 
Postponement of relevant dates), then no Postponed 
Date shall apply and the Equivalent Amount in respect 
of the relevant Interest Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or other amount (if 
applicable) in respect of the relevant Notes shall be due 
and payable on the Affected Payment Date. 
(iv) 
Payments net of expenses 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, any payments made in 
accordance with Condition 8(f)(ii) (Payment – Payment Disruption – Payment 
Disruption Event) or Condition 8(f)(iii) (Payment – Payment Disruption – CNY 
Payment Disruption Event) shall be made after deduction of any costs, expenses 
or liabilities incurred or to be incurred by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer in 
connection with or arising from the resolution of the relevant Payment Disruption 
Event(s) or CNY Payment Disruption Event(s), as the case may be. 
(v) 
Payment Event Cut-Off Date 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Payment Event Cut-Off Date" to be 
applicable, then in the event that a Payment Disruption Event or a CNY Payment 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, is still occurring on the Payment Event Cut-
Off Date, then the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date, or any other date on 
which the Interest Amount, Fixed Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount 
or other amount in respect of the relevant Notes shall be due and payable (as the 
case may be) for the relevant Notes shall be deemed to fall on the Payment Event 
Cut-Off Date. In such circumstances, the remaining amounts payable under the 
Notes shall be deemed to be zero and the Issuer shall have no obligations 
whatsoever under the Notes thereafter. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(f) (Payment – Payment Disruption): 
"Base Currency" means either (i) the currency specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii), if no such currency is specified, United States dollars; 
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the 
following events: 
(A) 
an event that makes it impossible or impractical for the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to convert any amounts in CNY due in respect of the Notes in 
the general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule, or regulation is enacted after the 
relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule, or regulation); 
(B) 
an event that makes it impossible or impractical for the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates to deliver CNY (1) between accounts inside the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s), (2) from an account inside the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) (including, if applicable, to another CNY Settlement Centre),

--- Page 140 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
or (3) from an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) to 
an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), other than 
where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates to comply with any law, rule, or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule, or 
regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or 
impractical for the Issuer and/or its affiliates, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule, or regulation); and 
(C) 
the general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy the Issuer's 
payment obligations (in whole or in part) under the Notes; 
"CNY Settlement Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Equivalent Amount" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Amount, Fixed 
Coupon Amount, Final Redemption Amount or other amount payable (if 
applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date (for these purposes, the 
"Relevant Amount"), an amount in the Base Currency determined by the Issuer 
by converting the Relevant Amount into the Base Currency using the Equivalent 
Amount Settlement Rate for the relevant Affected Payment Date; 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Rate" means in respect of any relevant day, 
the spot exchange rate on such day between CNY and the Base Currency, 
determined by the Issuer, taking into account all available information which the 
Issuer deems relevant (including, but not limited to, pricing information obtained 
from the CNY non-deliverable market outside the People's Republic of China 
and/or the CNY foreign exchange market in the People's Republic of China); 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the PRC, the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and any other CNY Settlement 
Centre; 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in respect of any action to be taken by 
the Issuer, that the Issuer and/or its affiliates would incur a materially increased 
amount of taxes, duties, expenses, or fees (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the Trade Date) to perform such action, or the Issuer and/or any 
affiliates would be in breach of any law, rule, regulation, guideline, or internal 
policy of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, if such action were to be performed; 
"Inconvertibility Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, of any action, event or circumstance whatsoever 
which, from a legal or practical perspective: 
(A) 
has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting (i) the 
convertibility of the relevant Subject Currency into the Base Currency, 
or (ii) the transfer of the Subject Currency or the Base Currency to 
countries other than the countries for which the Subject Currency or the 
Base Currency, as the case may be, is the lawful currency (including 
without limitation, by way of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions); 
and/or 
(B) 
results in the unavailability of any relevant Base Currency or Subject 
Currency in the interbank foreign exchange market in any Relevant 
Financial Centre(s) in accordance with normal commercial practice;

--- Page 141 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
"Non-Transferability Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion, of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (a) the Base Currency from accounts inside the Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (b) the 
Subject Currency between accounts inside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to 
a party that is a non-resident of the Subject Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Payment Disruption Event" means: 
(A) 
the occurrence of either (1) an Inconvertibility Event and/or (2) a Non-
Transferability Event; 
(B) 
the imposition by the Subject Currency Jurisdiction (or any political or 
regulatory authority thereof) of any capital controls, or the publication of 
any notice of an intention to do so, which the Issuer determines in good 
faith is likely materially to affect the Notes, and notice thereof is given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) and to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent; or 
(C) 
the implementation by the Subject Currency Jurisdiction (or any political 
or regulatory authority thereof) or the publication of any notice of an 
intention to implement any changes to the laws or regulations relating to 
foreign investment in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction (including, but 
not limited to, changes in tax laws and/or laws relating to capital markets 
and corporate ownership), which the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determines are likely to affect materially the Issuer's ability to 
hedge its obligations under the Notes; 
"Payment Event Cut-Off Date" means the date which is one year after the 
Maturity Date, or as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and notified to the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent; 
"Subject Currency" means either (i) the currency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii), if no such currency is specified, the Specified 
Currency; and 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means the country for which the Subject 
Currency is the lawful currency. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 9 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable 
with respect to interest under Condition 9 (Taxation).

--- Page 142 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
9. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
All sums payable by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or other government charges of any nature ("Taxes") 
imposed by or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined below), or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to impose Taxes unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
If the Issuer is required by law to deduct or withhold any Taxes imposed by or on behalf 
of a Relevant Jurisdiction then the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the Noteholders or the Couponholders receiving the amounts they would have received 
if no withholding or deduction of Taxes had been required ("Additional Amounts"). 
(c) 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Taxation) in relation to a Note or Coupon, (i) to a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable to such Taxes on the Note or Coupon as a result of having some connection with the 
Relevant Jurisdiction other than its mere ownership or possession of the Note or Coupon 
or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof, or (ii) which is presented for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or Couponholder would have been entitled to receive the Additional Amounts if it had 
presented the Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of the 30-day period, or (iii) 
where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia Branch, to a Noteholder or 
Couponholder (or any other entity which has an interest in a Note or Coupon) who is liable 
to such taxes on the Note or Coupon by reason of being an Offshore Associate of the Issuer, 
other than one acting in the capacity of a clearing house, paying agent, custodian, funds 
manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme within the meaning of the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia or (iv) (in the case of Registered Notes) where the 
Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia Branch, to a Noteholder or Couponholder (or 
any other entity which has an interest in a Note or Coupon) who is an Australian resident 
or non-resident holder carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent 
establishment of the non-resident in Australia, if that Person has not supplied an 
appropriate tax file number, Australian business number (if applicable), or details of an 
applicable exemption from these requirements, or (v) where the Issuer is acting through 
UBS AG Australia Branch, where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to a notice or direction issued by the Commissioner of Taxation under section 
255 of the Australian Tax Act or section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation 
Administration Act 1953 of Australia or any similar law, or (vi) where the Issuer is acting 
through UBS Head Office and payments which qualify as interest for Swiss withholding 
tax purposes are subject to Swiss withholding tax according to Swiss Federal Withholding 
Tax Law of 13 October 1965, or (vii) where such withholding or deduction is imposed on 
a payment and is required to be made pursuant to laws enacted by Switzerland providing 
for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those laid down in the draft 
legislation proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 3 April 2020, or otherwise changing 
the Swiss federal withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying-agent-
based system pursuant to which a Person other than the Issuer is required to withhold tax 
on any interest payments, or (viii) where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia 
Branch, to the extent that section 126 of the Australian Tax Act (or any equivalent 
provision) requires the Issuer to pay income tax in respect of interest payable on a Note or 
Coupon and the income tax would not be payable were the Noteholder or Couponholder 
not a "resident of Australia" or a "non-resident" so engaged in carrying on business in 
Australia, or (ix) in such other circumstance as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(i) 
"Offshore Associate" means an associate (as defined in section 128F(9) of the 
Australian Tax Act) that is either: 
(A) 
a non-resident of Australia which does not acquire the Notes in carrying 
on a business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or

--- Page 143 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
(B) 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes in carrying on a business 
at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia. 
(ii) 
"Australian Tax Act" means the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 of Australia 
and the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 of Australia, as applicable. 
(iii) 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment first becomes due. If the 
full amount of the moneys payable on the due date has not been received by the 
relevant Agent on or before the due date, then "Relevant Date" means the date 
on which notice to the effect that the full amount of the money due has been 
received by the relevant Agent is published in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
(iv) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means (A) United Kingdom and Switzerland, where the 
Issuer is acting through UBS AG London Branch, (B) Jersey and Switzerland, 
where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Jersey Branch, (C) Australia and 
Switzerland, where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia Branch, (D) 
Hong Kong and Switzerland, where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Hong 
Kong Branch, (E) Switzerland, where the Issuer is UBS Head Office, (F) the 
jurisdiction of establishment of the relevant Branch and Switzerland where the 
Issuer is acting through a Branch other than UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG 
Jersey Branch, UBS AG Australia Branch or UBS AG Hong Kong Branch and 
(G) any other jurisdiction imposing withholding or deduction on the payments in 
question as a result of the Issuer being considered to be resident or doing business 
in such jurisdiction for tax purposes. 
(d) 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to amounts payable by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes includes (i) any Additional Amount 
payable pursuant to this Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any sum payable pursuant to an 
obligation taken in addition to or in substitution for the obligation in this Condition 9 
(Taxation). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Section 871(m) of the US Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and as may be further amended from time to time (the 
"Code") or any amended or successor provisions (relating to withholding or dividend 
equivalents) or Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, or any amended or successor 
provisions, pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of 
a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary not being entitled to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify an investor for any such withholding deducted or withheld by the 
Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
(a) 
In the case of Notes other than Swiss Notes: 
(i) 
Bearer Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 
ten years from the Relevant Date. Coupons will become void unless presented for 
payment within five years of the Relevant Date. 
(ii) 
The rights of holders of Registered Notes to make claims against the Issuer for 
payments of principal will become void ten years after the Relevant Date. The 
rights of holders of Registered Notes to make claims against the Issuer for 
payments other than for payments of principal will become void five years after 
the Relevant Date. 
(b) 
In the case of Swiss Notes, in accordance with Swiss law, claims for interest payments 
under the Notes will become time-barred after the five-year period, and claims for the

--- Page 144 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
repayment or redemption of the Notes will become time-barred after the ten-year period, 
in each case, commencing on the date on which such payment, repayment or redemption 
becomes due and payable. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
The following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" for the purposes of Senior 
Notes: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under 
the Notes and such default continues for a period of 60 days after written notice 
of such default has been given by any Noteholder to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or resolution 
passed by the Issuer for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator or manager of the Issuer or of 
all or a substantial part of their respective assets, or anything analogous occurs, 
in any jurisdiction, to the Issuer, other than in connection with a solvent 
reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit to creditors 
generally its inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be adjudicated or 
found bankrupt or insolvent, or shall enter into any composition or other 
arrangements with its creditors generally. 
If an Event of Default in relation to Senior Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, 
Noteholders holding at least 25 per cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes may, by notice in writing giving to the relevant Agent at its specified office, declare 
all the Notes immediately due and payable, whereupon they will become immediately due 
and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(j) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind 
unless such Event of Default has been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the 
relevant Agent, and the relevant Agent has actual knowledge of such remedy. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
The following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" for the purposes of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under 
the Notes and such default continues for a period of 60 days after written notice 
of such default has been given by any Noteholder to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
an order is made in Switzerland or, in the case of Subordinated Notes issued by 
the Issuer acting through a Branch, the country where the relevant Branch is 
located by any competent court or other authority for the dissolution, 
administration or winding-up of the Issuer (other than in connection with a solvent 
reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger) or for the appointment 
of a liquidator, provisional liquidator, receiver, administrator or manager of the 
Issuer or of all or a substantial part of its assets, or the Issuer shall be adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent, or anything analogous occurs to the Issuer; or

--- Page 145 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
(iv) 
the Issuer stops payment, or is unable to, or admits to creditors generally an 
inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or passes a resolution for the dissolution, 
administration or winding-up of the Issuer, or shall enter into any composition or 
other arrangements with its creditors generally, other than in connection with a 
solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger. 
If an Event of Default in relation to Subordinated Notes shall have occurred and be 
continuing, any Noteholder may, at such Noteholder's option, declare the Note held by the 
Noteholder to be forthwith (subject always to Condition 5(b) (Status of the Notes –
Subordinated Notes) above) due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 7(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Cancellation)), together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest 
or other notice of any kind by written notice to the Issuer and the relevant Agent at its 
specified office. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT 
If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the relevant Agent upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
13. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) 
In relation to Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes), notices to Noteholders will, save 
where another means of effective communication has been specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading English language daily 
newspaper with circulation in London or, if this is not possible, in one other leading 
English language daily newspaper with circulation in Europe, and, if the Notes are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, in 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com). 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
In relation to Registered Notes, notices to Noteholders will be deemed to be validly given 
if sent by first class mail to Noteholders (or, in the case of joint Noteholders, to the first-
named in the register kept by the relevant Registrar) at the respective addresses as recorded 
in the register kept by the relevant Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing. With respect to Registered 
Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law 
or regulations, any notices to Noteholders must also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com) and, in addition to the foregoing will be deemed validly given 
only after the date of such publication. 
(c) 
Global Notes (Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Registered Notes) 
If any of the Notes are represented by a global note which is held by a depositary on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or both and/or a nominee on behalf of DTC 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper then in relation to such 
Notes, notice may be given to the Noteholders by being delivered to Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
communication by them to the Persons shown in their respective records as having 
interests therein (provided that, in the case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg

--- Page 146 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
Stock Exchange's regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a notice is published in 
a daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg, which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com). Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
such publication or, if so published more than once, on the date of first publication. If 
publication is not practicable in any such newspaper, notice will be validly given if made 
in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date as the relevant 
Agent may approve. 
(d) 
SIS Notes 
For SIS Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other 
Relevant Swiss Exchange, notices to Noteholders shall be given at the expense of the 
Issuer (i) by means of electronic publication on (A) in the case of the SIX Swiss Exchange, 
the internet website of SIX Group (https://www.six-group.com/en/home.html), where 
notices are currently published under the address https://www.six-group.com/en/products-
services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/, or (B) 
in the case of any other Relevant Swiss Exchange, the internet website specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for such purposes, or (ii) otherwise in accordance with the 
regulations of such Relevant Swiss Exchange. Any notice so given shall be deemed to be 
validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date 
of the first such publication. 
For SIS Notes that are not admitted to trading or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any 
other Relevant Swiss Exchange, notices to Noteholders shall be given by communication 
through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the SIS Note Intermediary for forwarding to 
the holders of the Notes. Any notice so given shall be deemed to be validly given with the 
communication to the SIS Note Intermediary. 
(e) 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
In relation to Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, notices to Noteholders shall be given 
by communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Non-SIS Note 
Intermediary for forwarding to the holders of the Notes. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to be validly given with the communication to the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. 
For the avoidance of doubt, once the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes of a Series have 
been converted into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, such Notes will be considered 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and the provisions set forth under paragraph (c) above will apply accordingly. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS; SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matters affecting their interests, including modification of the Notes and any 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to the Notes. Subject to Condition 14(c) 
below, any such modification must be authorised by an extraordinary resolution of the 
Noteholders (an "Extraordinary Resolution", which means a resolution passed by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast thereon). The quorum at 
any meeting will be two or more Persons present in Person holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, and at any 
adjourned meeting two or more Persons being or representing holders of the Notes 
whatever the nominal amount of Notes so held or represented provided that at any such 
meeting, the business of which includes the modification of certain of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
two or more Persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority, in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a 
meeting will be binding on all the Noteholders (whether present at the meeting or not) and 
on all the Couponholders.

--- Page 147 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Holders. 
While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then (subject to Condition 14(c)) approval of a resolution may be given by way of 
Electronic Consent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and, where Electronic Consent 
is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with 
entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person 
for whom such entitlement is held. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes − Conditions 
applicable to Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes)". 
(b) 
The Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or, which may 
be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of paragraph (C) of Condition 
6(b)(v) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SOFR Notes), of paragraph (D) of Condition 
6(b)(vii) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – SARON Notes), of paragraph (A) of Condition 
6(b)(viii) (Interest – Interest-Floating Rate – CORRA Notes) and of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes)). In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to any 
modification to the Agency Agreement which, in the reasonable opinion of such parties, 
is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders or the Couponholders or 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to any modification which is necessary, 
to correct a manifest error. 
(c) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 14(c) applies to the Notes of such 
Series, then, except as otherwise specified in paragraph (b) and paragraphs (d) through (j) 
of this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; 
Substitution), the provisions on bondholder meetings contained in article 1157 et seq. of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations will apply, and (i) such provisions of Swiss law will apply 
in relation to meetings of Noteholders instead of the provisions described in paragraph (a) 
of this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; 
Substitution) and (ii) this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of 
Terms and Conditions; Substitution) will be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
The Issuer may, at its option and having given no more than 30 nor less than 10 days' 
notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon 
which interest is payable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and provided that no payment in respect of any such 
Series is overdue designate, without the consent of any Noteholder, an Affiliate (the 
"Substitute Entity") to assume in place of the Issuer or any previous Substitute Entity 
(the "Current Entity") liability for the due and punctual payment of all payments on all 
Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series and the performance of all the Issuer's other 
obligations under all the Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series, the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
As used herein (i) "Affiliate" means any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
Issuer, any entity that controls the Issuer, directly or indirectly, or any entity under

--- Page 148 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
common control with the Issuer, and (ii) "control" of the Issuer or any entity means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the Issuer or such entity. 
(e) 
Upon any designation of a Substitute Entity pursuant to paragraph (d) above, the Substitute 
Entity shall succeed to the rights and obligations of the Current Entity under the Notes, 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and the Current Entity shall be released 
from its liability on the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. Such 
assumptions shall be permitted only if the Substitute Entity and the Current Entity enter 
into a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") or, in the case of Swiss Notes, an agreement governed 
by Swiss law (the "Swiss Substitution Agreement"), whereby (i) the Substitute Entity 
assumes the obligations of the Current Entity (or any previous substitute) under the Notes, 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, (ii) the Substitute Entity and the Current 
Entity agree to indemnify each Noteholder and, if appropriate, each Accountholder (as 
defined in the Deed of Covenant) against (A) any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge 
imposed on or relating to the act of assumption and (B) any costs or expenses of the act of 
assumption and (iii) the Substitute Entity and the Current Entity shall warrant that all 
necessary governmental approvals and consents for the assumption by the Substitute 
Entity of its obligations have been obtained and are in full force and the obligations of the 
Substitute Entity under the Notes, (if appropriate) the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed Poll or Swiss Substitution Agreement, as applicable, are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable against the Substitute Entity, provided that no substitution 
shall take place pursuant to this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) unless (v) the Issuer shall have obtained legal 
opinions containing no untoward qualifications from independent legal advisers in the 
respective countries in which the Substitute Entity and the Current Entity are incorporated, 
in Switzerland (in the case of Swiss Notes) and in England to the effect that the obligations 
of the Substitute Entity are its legal, valid and binding obligations, and that all consents 
and approvals as aforesaid have been obtained, (w) any credit rating agency currently 
rating the Series of Notes has confirmed in writing to the Current Entity that assumption 
by the Substitute Entity will not result in a downgrading of the then current credit rating 
of such rating agency applicable to the class of debt represented by the Notes, (x) each 
competent listing authority and/or stock exchange, on or by which the Notes are admitted 
to listing and/or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of 
the Substitute Entity, the Notes will continue to be admitted to listing and/or trading by 
the relevant competent listing authority and/or stock exchange, (y) in the case of a 
Substitute Entity not incorporated under the laws of England or Wales, the Substitute 
Entity has appointed a process agent as its agent in England and Wales to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (except in relation to Swiss Notes) and (z) the Substitute Entity would not, 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes after giving effect to such 
substitution that the Current Entity would not have been required to pay immediately prior 
to such substitution, as determined by the Issuer at the time of sending the relevant notice 
to Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (d) above. 
(f) 
Not less than 10 nor more than 30 days prior to the effective date of any assumption by a 
Substitute Entity pursuant to paragraph (e) above, the Issuer shall procure the notification 
to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), of the assumption and 
stating that copies, or pending execution thereof final drafts, of the Deed Poll or Swiss 
Substitution Agreement, as applicable, and other relevant documents and of the legal 
opinions are available for inspection by the Noteholders at the specified offices of the 
relevant Agent and (where relevant) the Registrar. Copies of the originals of the Deed Poll 
or Swiss Substitution Agreement, as applicable, and other relevant documents will be 
delivered to the relevant Agent to hold until there are no claims outstanding in respect of 
the Notes, (if appropriate) the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement or the Deed Poll 
or Swiss Substitution Agreement, as applicable. The Substitute Entity and the Current 
Entity shall in the Deed Poll or Swiss Substitution Agreement, as applicable, acknowledge 
the right of every Noteholder of any Note or, as the case may be, every Accountholder to 
inspect a copy of such documents at the offices of the relevant Agent.

--- Page 149 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
(g) 
Upon any assumption pursuant to paragraph (e) above becoming effective, references in 
these General Terms and Conditions to the Relevant Jurisdiction being the jurisdiction of 
establishment of the Current Entity and Switzerland and any other jurisdiction imposing 
withholding or deduction on the payments in question as a result of the Issuer being 
considered to be resident or doing business in such jurisdiction for tax purposes, shall be 
read and construed as including the jurisdiction of establishment of the Substitute Entity 
instead of or in addition to (as the case may be) references to the jurisdiction of 
establishment of the Current Entity and Switzerland and any other jurisdiction imposing 
withholding or deduction on the payments in question as a result of the Issuer being 
considered to be resident or doing business in such jurisdiction for tax purposes. 
(h) 
Prior to any assumption pursuant to paragraph (e) above, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, upon giving no more than 30 and no less than 10 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), at any time, (i) cease to 
make payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due under all Notes then 
outstanding in the relevant Series and fulfil any of its other obligations and exercise any 
of its other rights and powers in respect of, or arising under, all Notes then outstanding in 
the relevant Series through the Branch or the UBS Head Office, as applicable, through 
which it is acting at the time of the relevant notice, and (ii) commence making such 
payments, fulfilling such other obligations and exercising such powers and rights through 
another Branch or the UBS Head Office (if the Issuer was not acting through UBS Head 
Office at the time of the relevant notice) as designated in the relevant notice (an "Issuing 
Branch Substitution"), provided that, as of the time of giving the relevant notice, (A) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any Note in the relevant 
Series, and (B) the Issuer would not be required to pay any Additional Amounts under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution 
that it would not have been required to pay if such Issuing Branch Substitution were not 
to occur. 
(i) 
Upon any Issuing Branch Substitution pursuant to which the Issuer was not acting through 
the UBS Head Office immediately prior thereto, references in these General Terms and 
Conditions to the Relevant Jurisdiction being the jurisdiction of establishment of the 
Branch through which the Issuer was acting immediately prior to such Issuing Branch 
Substitution, shall be read and construed as references to (x) the jurisdiction of 
establishment of the Branch through which the Issuer is acting immediately after giving 
effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution or (y) if the Issuer is acting through the UBS 
Head Office immediately after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution, 
Switzerland, in each case, instead of references to the jurisdiction of establishment of the 
Branch through which the Issuer was acting immediately prior to such Issuing Branch 
Substitution. 
(j) 
Upon any Issuing Branch Substitution pursuant to which the Issuer was acting through the 
UBS Head Office immediately prior thereto, references in these General Terms and 
Conditions to the Relevant Jurisdiction shall be read and construed as to include references 
to the jurisdiction of establishment of the Branch through which the Issuer is acting 
immediately after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution in addition to 
Switzerland. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
create and issue further notes and, provided that such further notes have the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date and/or the first 
date on which interest is paid), the further notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
the Notes. In such circumstances, references in these General Terms and Conditions to "Notes" 
include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other notes issued pursuant to this Condition 
and forming a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 150 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement (other than the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement) 
and the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) and any related Coupons and Talons and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Notes (other than Swiss Notes) and any related Coupons and Talons are governed by 
English law, except for, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 5(b) (Status of the 
Notes – Subordinated Notes), which is governed by Swiss law. 
(b) 
The courts of England, sitting in London, are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) or any 
related Coupons or Talons (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of the Notes, the Coupons or the Talons or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons or the Talons) or the 
consequences of the nullity of the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) or any related Coupons 
or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) or any related Coupons or Talons ("Proceedings") 
may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in any such courts whether on the ground 
of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders and the Talonholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
The Issuer agrees that, except in relation to Swiss Notes, the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to it at 5 Broadgate, London EC2M 
2QS, United Kingdom or at any other address of the Issuer in England at which service of 
process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
The Swiss Notes, any related Coupons and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes with 
respect to such Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws 
of Switzerland. The courts of the Canton of Zurich (venue being the City of Zurich) have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the 
Swiss Notes and any related Coupons. 
(e) 
The Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of Switzerland. The courts of the Canton of Zurich (venue being 
the City of Zurich) will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement.

--- Page 151 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Series or 
Tranche of Notes (i) when issued by the Issuer acting through any Branch, will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or towards meeting the general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, 
in each case outside Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in 
force from time to time without payments in respect of the Notes becoming subject to withholding or 
deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland or (ii) when 
issued by UBS Head Office, will be used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting 
the general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group. If, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Notes, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes are issued as "Green 
Bonds" (each, a "Green Bond"). In such case, it is intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of such Notes to finance, refinance or otherwise 
maintain new and existing Eligible Assets (which can be identified on a UBS AG Group-wide basis), as 
further described in the UBS Green Funding Framework. "UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the 
UBS green funding framework currently dated 1 August 2022, available at www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as 
the same may be updated, amended and/or replaced from time to time. The UBS Green Funding Framework 
is aligned with the four components of the International Capital Market Association's (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles, namely: (i) Use of Proceeds, (ii) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection, (iii) Management 
of Proceeds, and (iv) Reporting. 
If any UBS AG Group-wide Eligible Assets allocated to Notes issued as Green Bonds for purposes of the 
UBS Green Funding Framework are held by one of the Issuer's subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate 
new or existing funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary as funding for the maintenance of such UBS AG 
Group-wide Eligible Assets. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the initial Eligible Asset categories currently set out in the UBS 
Green Funding Framework are "green buildings", being mortgages provided to new or existing 
commercial or residential buildings certified, or to be certified, by the following green building certification 
systems: Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-A1; or any other equivalent certification system as determined 
by UBS. UBS may apply additional environmental, social, and governance (ESG) screening filters in order 
to qualify mortgages provided to commercial buildings as Eligible Assets under the UBS Green Funding 
Framework. Additionally, the Eligible Asset categories may be updated, amended and/or replaced from 
time to time, and prospective investors in Notes issued as Green Bonds should note that any changes to the 
UBS Green Funding Framework (including to the definition or categorisation of Eligible Assets) after the 
issue date of such Notes may also apply in respect of such Notes. 
Eligible Assets will be evaluated, selected, and reported on as described in the UBS Green Funding 
Framework and it is intended that an amount equal to the net proceeds of each issue of Notes issued as 
Green Bonds will be used as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework, although there is no 
contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. UBS intends to provide a Green Funding Investor Report on 
an annual basis, as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework. Group Treasury will manage any 
amounts of Green Bonds not yet allocated to Eligible Assets in accordance with the UBS Green Funding 
Framework. 
UBS has appointed Sustainalytics as an independent assurance provider to provide a second party opinion 
on the UBS Green Funding Framework, available at www.ubs.com/greenbonds, which assesses the 
alignment of the UBS Green Funding Framework with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles. 
UBS may seek a Climate Bonds Initiative certification (programmatic or standalone) for its Notes issued 
as Green Bonds. In this event, UBS will conduct periodic assurance of such certification to reaffirm 
conformance of the relevant Notes with the criteria of the Climate Bonds Standard at least on an annual 
basis. The post-issuance certification will also be made available at www.ubs.com/greenbonds. If a Climate 
 
1 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy consumption 
buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and the Principality of 
Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new buildings and refurbishments: 
Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed requirements for certification, please visit 
www.minergie.ch.

--- Page 152 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
Bonds Initiative certification has not been sought, an alternative independent assurance provider will 
annually assure UBS's process for the selection of Eligible Assets and that such process is in accordance 
with the UBS Green Funding Framework. In such case, the opinion of the assurance provider will be made 
available in the Green Funding Investor Report. 
None of the UBS Green Funding Framework, the second party opinion of Sustainalytics, the Green Funding 
Investor Reports, any other certification, report or opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding Framework 
and/or Notes issued as Green Bonds or the contents of any website referred to above are incorporated in or 
form part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
Prospective investors in Green Bonds should refer also to "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Notes issued 
as Green Bonds".

--- Page 153 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF UBS AG 
1. 
Overview 
UBS AG with its subsidiaries (together, "UBS AG consolidated", or "UBS AG Group"; and UBS 
Group AG (which is the holding company of the Issuer) and its subsidiaries (including the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries) is referred to herein as "UBS", the "UBS Group" or the "Group") provides 
financial advice and solutions to private, institutional and corporate clients worldwide, as well as 
private clients in Switzerland. The UBS AG Group operates through five business divisions: 
Global Wealth Management, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management, the Investment 
Bank and Non-core and Legacy. Group functions are support and control functions that provide 
services to the UBS AG Group. 
On 31 March 2024, UBS AG consolidated CET1 capital ratio was 13.3 per cent., the CET1 
leverage ratio was 4.1 per cent., and the total loss-absorbing capacity ratio was 34.3 per cent.1  On 
the same date, invested assets stood at USD 4,672 billion and equity attributable to UBS AG 
shareholders was USD 55,046 million. On the same date, UBS AG Group employed 47,635 
people.2 
The rating agencies S&P, Moody's and Fitch have published solicited credit ratings reflecting their 
assessment of the creditworthiness of UBS AG, i.e. its ability to fulfil in a timely manner payment 
obligations, such as principal or interest payments on long-term loans, also known as debt 
servicing. The ratings from Fitch and S&P may be attributed a plus or minus sign, and those from 
Moody's a number. These supplementary attributes indicate the relative position within the 
respective rating class. UBS AG has a long-term counterparty credit rating of A+ (outlook: stable) 
from S&P, long-term senior debt rating of Aa2 (outlook: negative) from Moody's, and long-term 
issuer default rating of A+ (outlook: stable) from Fitch. 
An explanation of the significance of ratings may be obtained from the rating agencies. Generally, 
rating agencies base their ratings on such material and information, and such of their own 
investigations, studies and assumptions, as they deem appropriate. The ratings of UBS AG should 
be evaluated independently from similar ratings of other entities and from the rating, if any, of the 
Notes issued under the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities issued or guaranteed by the rated entity and may be subject to review, revision, 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
No profit forecasts or estimates are included in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
No recent events particular to UBS AG have occurred which are to a material extent relevant to 
the evaluation of UBS AG's solvency. 
2. 
Information about the Issuer 
2.1 
Corporate Information 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is UBS AG. 
The Issuer was incorporated under the name SBC AG on 28 February 1978 for an unlimited 
duration and entered in the Commercial Register of Canton Basel-City on that day. The Issuer in 
its present form was created on 29 June 1998 by the merger of Union Bank of Switzerland (founded 
1862) and Swiss Bank Corporation (founded 1872). UBS AG is entered in the Commercial 
Registers of Canton Zurich and Canton Basel-City. The registration number is CHE-101.329.561. 
On 31 May 2024, Credit Suisse AG merged with and into UBS. 
UBS AG is incorporated and domiciled in Switzerland and operates under the Swiss Code of 
Obligations as an Aktiengesellschaft, a corporation limited by shares. UBS AG's Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) code is BFM8T61CT2L1QCEMIK50. 
 
1 
All figures based on the Swiss systemically relevant bank framework. Refer to the "Capital management" section 
of the Annual Report 2023 and of the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report for more information. 
2 
Full-time equivalents.

--- Page 154 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
According to article 2 of the articles of association of UBS AG ("Articles of Association"), the 
purpose of UBS AG is the operation of a bank. Its scope of operations extends to all types of 
banking, financial, advisory, trading and service activities in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG 
may establish branches and representative offices as well as banks, finance companies and other 
enterprises of any kind in Switzerland and abroad, hold equity interests in these companies, and 
conduct their management. UBS AG is authorised to acquire, mortgage and sell real estate and 
building rights in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may borrow and invest money on the capital 
markets. UBS AG is part of the group of companies controlled by the group parent company UBS 
Group AG. It may promote the interests of the group parent company or other group companies. It 
may provide loans, guarantees and other kinds of financing and security for group companies. The 
Articles of Association were last revised on 23 April 2024. 
The addresses and telephone numbers of UBS AG's two registered offices and principal places of 
business are: Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland, telephone +41 44 234 1111; and 
Aeschenvorstadt 1, 4051 Basel, Switzerland, telephone +41 61 288 2020. 
2.2 
UBS's borrowing and funding structure and financing of UBS's activities 
For information on UBS's expected financing of its business activities, please refer to "Liquidity 
and funding management" in the "Capital, liquidity and funding, and balance sheet" section of the 
Annual Report 2023. 
3. 
Business Overview 
3.1 
Organisational Structure of UBS AG 
UBS AG is a Swiss bank and the parent company of the UBS AG Group. It is 100 per cent. owned 
by UBS Group AG, which is the holding company of the UBS Group. UBS AG operates as a group 
with five business divisions, and in addition, UBS AG has Group functions as support and control 
functions that provide services to UBS. 
In 2014, UBS began adapting its legal entity structure in response to too-big-to-fail requirements 
and other regulatory initiatives. First, UBS Group AG was established as the ultimate parent 
holding company for the Group. In 2015, UBS AG transferred its personal & corporate banking 
and Swiss-booked wealth management businesses to the newly established UBS Switzerland AG, 
a banking subsidiary of UBS AG in Switzerland. That same year, UBS Business Solutions AG, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of UBS Group AG, was established and acts as the Group service 
company. In 2016, UBS Americas Holding LLC became the intermediate holding company for 
UBS's US subsidiaries and UBS's wealth management subsidiaries across Europe were merged 
into UBS Europe SE, UBS's German-headquartered European subsidiary. In 2019, UBS Limited, 
UBS's UK headquartered subsidiary, was merged into UBS Europe SE. 
On 12 June 2023, Credit Suisse Group AG merged with and into UBS Group AG 
(Absorptionsfusion), with UBS Group AG becoming the holding company of Credit Suisse AG.  
UBS merged UBS AG with Credit Suisse AG on 31 May 2024 and transitioned to a single US 
intermediate holding company on 7 June 2024, and plans to merge UBS Switzerland AG with 
Credit Suisse (Schweiz) AG in the third quarter of 2024. These remain, where applicable, subject 
to regulatory approvals. 
UBS AG is the parent company of, and conducts a significant portion of its operations through, its 
subsidiaries. UBS AG has contributed a significant portion of its capital and provides substantial 
liquidity to subsidiaries. In addition, UBS Business Solutions AG provides substantial services to 
group companies including UBS AG and its subsidiaries. To this extent, UBS AG is dependent on 
certain of the entities of the UBS AG Group and of the UBS Group. 
UBS AG's interests in subsidiaries and other entities as of 31 December 2023, including interests 
in significant subsidiaries, are discussed in "Note 28 Interests in subsidiaries and other entities" to 
UBS AG's consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report 2023.  As a result of 
the merger of UBS AG with Credit Suisse AG on 31 May 2024, the subsidiaries of Credit Suisse 
AG have become subsidiaries of UBS AG.

--- Page 155 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
3.2 
Principal activities 
UBS AG businesses are organised globally into five business divisions: Global Wealth 
Management, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management, the Investment Bank, and Non-
core and Legacy. UBS Group functions are support and control functions that provide services to 
the Group. Each of the business divisions and Group functions are described below. A description 
of their businesses, organisational structures, products and services and targeted markets can be 
found under "Our businesses" in the "Our business model and environment" section of the Annual 
Report 2023. 
• 
Global Wealth Management provides financial services, advice and solutions to private 
wealth clients. Its offering ranges from investment management to estate planning and 
corporate finance advice, in addition to specific wealth management and banking products 
and services. 
• 
Personal & Corporate Banking serves its private, corporate, and institutional clients' 
needs, from banking to retirement, financing, investments and strategic transactions, in 
Switzerland, through its branch network and digital channels. 
• 
Asset Management is a global, large-scale and diversified asset manager. It offers 
investment capabilities and styles across all major traditional and alternative asset classes, 
as well as advisory support to institutions, wholesale intermediaries and wealth 
management clients. 
• 
The Investment Bank provides a range of services to institutional, corporate and wealth 
management clients globally, to help them raise capital, grow their businesses, invest and 
manage risks. Its offering includes research, advisory services, facilitating clients raising 
debt and equity from the public and private markets and capital markets, cash and 
derivatives trading across equities and fixed income, and financing. 
• 
Non-core and Legacy includes positions and businesses not aligned with UBS's strategy 
and policies. Those consist of the assets and liabilities that prior to the acquisition were 
reported as part of the Capital Release Unit (Credit Suisse) and certain assets and liabilities 
of the Investment Bank (Credit Suisse), Wealth Management (Credit Suisse), Swiss Bank 
(Credit Suisse) and Asset Management (Credit Suisse) divisions, as well as of the 
Corporate Center (Credit Suisse). Also included are the remaining assets and liabilities of 
UBS's Non-core and Legacy Portfolio, previously reported in Group Functions, and 
smaller amounts of assets and liabilities of UBS's business divisions that have been 
assessed as not strategic in light of the acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group. 
• 
Group functions are support and control functions that provide services to the Group. 
Virtually all costs incurred by the support and control functions are allocated to the 
business divisions, leaving a residual amount that UBS AG refers to as Group Items in its 
segment reporting. Group functions is made up of the following major areas: Group 
Services (which consists of the Group Operations and Technology Office, Corporate 
Services, Compliance, Regulatory & Governance, Finance, Risk Control, Human 
Resources, Communications & Branding, Legal, the Group Integration Office, Group 
Sustainability and Impact, and Chief Strategy Office) and Group Treasury. 
3.3 
Competition 
The financial services industry is characterised by intense competition, continuous innovation, 
restrictive, detailed, and sometimes fragmented regulation and ongoing consolidation. UBS AG 
faces competition at the level of local markets and individual business lines, and from global 
financial institutions that are comparable to UBS AG in their size and breadth, as well as 
competition from new technology-based market entrants, which may not be subject to the same 
level of regulation. Barriers to entry in individual markets and pricing levels are being eroded by 
new technology. UBS expects these trends to continue and competition to increase.

--- Page 156 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Any statements regarding the competitive position of UBS AG, UBS AG Group or the Group 
contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars are made on the basis of the opinion of 
UBS AG or the Group. 
3.4 
Recent Developments 
3.4.1. 
UBS AG consolidated key figures 
Selected consolidated financial information 
UBS AG derived the selected consolidated financial information included in the table below for 
the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 from the Annual Report 2023. The selected 
consolidated financial information included in the table below for the quarter ended 31 March 2024 
and 31 March 2023 was derived from the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report. 
The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS Accounting 
Standards"). Information for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 which is indicated as 
being unaudited in the table below was included in the Annual Report 2023, but has not been 
audited on the basis that the respective disclosures are not required under IFRS Accounting 
Standards, and therefore are not part of the audited financial statements.  The Annual Report 2023 
and the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report are incorporated by reference herein.  Prospective 
investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the documents 
incorporated by reference herein and should not rely solely on the summarised information set out 
below. 
 
As of or for the quarter ended 
As of or for the year ended 
USD million, except where indicated 
31.3.24 
31.3.23 
31.12.23 
31.12.22 
 
unaudited 
audited, except where indicated 
 
 
 
 
 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income statement 
 
 
 
 
Total revenues ...........................................  
 9,108 
 8,844 
 33,675 
 34,915 
Net interest income ...................................  
 806 
 1,388 
 4,566 
 6,517 
Other net income from financial 
instruments measured at fair value 
through profit or loss .............................  
 2,945 
 2,673 
 9,934 
 7,493 
Net fee and commission income ...............  
 5,148 
 4,628 
 18,610 
 19,023 
Credit loss expense / (release) ..................  
 52 
 38 
 143 
 29 
Operating expenses ...................................  
 7,677 
 7,350 
 29,011 
 25,927 
Operating profit / (loss) before tax ...........  
 1,379 
 1,456 
 4,521 
 8,960 
Net profit / (loss) attributable to 
shareholders ...........................................  
 1,006 
 1,004 
 3,290 
 7,084 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ...............................................  
 1,116,806 
 1,056,758 
 1,156,016 
 1,105,436 
of which: loans and advances to 
customers ...............................................  
390,908 
 
 405,633 
 390,027 
Total financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost ........................................  
739,282 
 
 762,840 
705,442 
of which: customer deposits .....................  
536,000 
 
 555,673 
 527,171 
of which: debt issued measured at 
amortised cost .......................................  
63,788 
 
 69,784 
 59,499 
of which: subordinated debt .....................  
3,019 
 
 3,008 
 2,968 
Total financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss ...................  
314,648 
 
 328,401 
 333,382 
of which: debt issued designated at fair 
value ......................................................  
82,951 
 
 86,341 
 71,842 
Total equity ...............................................  
55,363 
 
 55,569 
 56,940 
of which: equity attributable to 
shareholders ..........................................  
 55,046 
 58,386 
 55,234 
 56,598 
 
 
 
 
 
Profitability and growth 
 
 
 
 
Return on equity (%)1 ...............................  
 7.3 
 7.0 
 6.0* 
 12.6* 
Return on tangible equity (%)2  .................  
 8.2 
 7.8 
 6.7* 
 14.2* 
Return on common equity tier 1 capital 
(%) 3 .......................................................  
 9.1 
 9.4 
 7.6* 
 16.8*

--- Page 157 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
As of or for the quarter ended 
As of or for the year ended 
USD million, except where indicated 
31.3.24 
31.3.23 
31.12.23 
31.12.22 
 
unaudited 
audited, except where indicated 
 
 
 
 
 
Return on leverage ratio denominator, 
gross (%) 4 ..............................................  
 3.3 
 3.5 
 3.2* 
 3.4* 
Cost / income ratio (%) 5...........................  
 84.3 
 83.1 
 86.2* 
 74.3* 
Net profit growth (%) 6 .............................  
 0.2 
 (49.9) 
 (53.6)* 
 0.7* 
 
 
 
 
 
Resources 
 
 
 
 
Common equity tier 1 capital 7 .................  
 43,863 
 42,801 
44,130 
 42,929 
Risk-weighted assets 7 ..............................  
 328,732 
 321,224 
 333,979* 
 317,823* 
CET1 capital ratio (%) 7............................  
 13.3 
 13.3 
 13.2* 
 13.5* 
Going concern capital ratio (%) 7 .............  
 17.7 
 17.2 
 17.0* 
 17.2* 
Total loss-absorbing capacity ratio (%) 7 .  
 34.3 
 33.5 
 33.3* 
 32.0* 
Leverage ratio denominator 7 ....................  
 1,078,591 
 1,018,023 
 1,104,408* 
 1,029,561* 
Common equity tier 1 leverage ratio (%) 
7 ..............................................................  
 4.1 
 4.2 
 4.0* 
 4.2* 
Liquidity coverage ratio (%) 8, 9 
 191.4 
 
 189.7* 
 
Net stable funding ratio (%) 8 
 121.6 
 
 119.6* 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Invested assets (USD billion) 10 ................  
 4,672 
 4,184 
 4,505 
 3,981 
Personnel (full-time equivalents) .............  
 47,635 
 48,105 
 47,590* 
 47,628* 
 _________  
* unaudited 
1 
Calculated as annualised net profit attributable to shareholders divided by average equity attributable to shareholders. 
This measure provides information about the profitability of the business in relation to equity. 
2 
Calculated as annualised net profit attributable to shareholders divided by average equity attributable to shareholders 
less average goodwill and intangible assets. This measure provides information about the profitability of the business 
in relation to tangible equity. 
3 
Calculated as annualised net profit attributable to shareholders divided by average common equity tier 1 capital. This 
measure provides information about the profitability of the business in relation to common equity tier 1 capital. 
4 
Calculated as annualised total revenues divided by average leverage ratio denominator. This measure provides 
information about the revenues of the business in relation to the leverage ratio denominator. 
5 
Calculated as operating expenses divided by total revenues. This measure provides information about the efficiency of 
the business by comparing operating expenses with gross income. 
6 
Calculated as the change in net profit attributable to shareholders from continuing operations between current and 
comparison periods divided by net profit attributable to shareholders from continuing operations of the comparison 
period. This measure provides information about profit growth since the comparison period. 
7 
Based on the applicable Swiss systemically relevant bank framework as of 1 January 2020. 
8 
Following the acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group and the corresponding additional disclosure requirements 
according to FINMA Circular 2016/1 "Disclosure – banks", UBS AG disclosed the liquidity coverage ratio and the net 
stable funding ratio on a consolidated basis for the first time in the second quarter of 2023. 
9 
The disclosed ratios represent quarterly averages for the quarters presented and are calculated based on an average of 
61 data points in the first quarter of 2024 and 63 data points in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
10 
Consists of invested assets for Global Wealth Management, Asset Management and Personal & Corporate Banking. 
Calculated as the sum of managed fund assets, managed institutional assets, discretionary and advisory wealth 
management portfolios, fiduciary deposits, time deposits, savings accounts, and wealth management securities or 
brokerage accounts. This measure provides information about the volume of client assets managed by or deposited 
with UBS for investment purposes.  Starting with the second quarter of 2023, invested assets include invested assets 
from associates in the Asset Management business division, to better reflect the business strategy. Comparative figures 
have been restated to reflect this change. 
3.4.2. 
Regulatory, legal and other developments 
Refer to "Recent developments" in the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report, as well as to "Our 
environment" and "Regulatory and legal developments" in the Annual Report 2023, for information 
on key regulatory, legal and other developments. 
3.5 
Trend Information 
Although monetary easing is expected in the Eurozone, the US and Switzerland, the timing and 
magnitude of rate cuts by central banks are unclear, as inflation remains above their target range. 
In addition, the ongoing geopolitical tensions, combined with consequential elections in several

--- Page 158 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
major economies, continue to create uncertainty regarding the macroeconomic and geopolitical 
outlooks. 
For further information, refer to "Our environment" and to "Top and emerging risks" in the "Risk 
management and control" section and to "Regulatory and legal developments" of the Annual 
Report 2023, as well as to "Risk factors" in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
4. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies of UBS AG 
UBS AG complies with all relevant Swiss legal and regulatory corporate governance requirements. 
As a non-US company with debt securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), 
UBS AG also complies with the relevant NYSE corporate governance standards applicable to 
foreign private issuers. 
UBS AG operates under a strict dual board structure, as mandated by Swiss banking law. The 
Board of Directors of UBS AG (the "BoD") exercises ultimate supervision over management, 
whereas the EB, headed by the President of the Executive Board (the "President of the EB"), has 
executive management responsibility for UBS AG and its business. The functions of Chairman of 
the BoD and President of the EB are assigned to two different people, leading to a separation of 
power. This structure establishes checks and balances and preserves the institutional independence 
of the BoD from the executive management of UBS AG Group, for which responsibility is 
delegated to the EB under the leadership of the President of the EB. No member of one board may 
simultaneously be a member of the other. 
Supervision and control of the EB remain with the BoD. The authorities and responsibilities of the 
two bodies are governed by the Articles of Association and the Organization Regulations of UBS 
AG. 
4.1 
Board of Directors 
The BoD consists of between 5 and 12 members. All the members of the BoD are elected 
individually by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (the "AGM") for a term of office 
of one year, which expires after the completion of the next AGM. Shareholders also elect the 
Chairman upon proposal of the BoD. 
The BoD meets as often as business requires, and at least six times a year. 
4.1.1. 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The current members of the BoD are listed below.  
Member and business 
address 
Title 
Term of 
office 
Current principal activities outside UBS AG 
Colm Kelleher 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland  
Chairman 
2025 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Norfolk 
Southern Corporation (Chair of the risk and 
finance committee); member of the Board of 
Directors of the Bretton Woods Committee; 
member of the Board of the Swiss Finance 
Council; member of the International Monetary 
Conference; member of the Board of the Bank 
Policy Institute; member of the Board of 
Americans for Oxford; Visiting Professor of 
Banking and Finance, Loughborough Business 
School; member of the European Financial 
Services Round Table; member of the European 
Banking Group; member of the International 
Advisory Council of the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission; member of the Chief 
Executive's Advisory Council (Hong Kong).

--- Page 159 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
Member and business 
address 
Title 
Term of 
office 
Current principal activities outside UBS AG 
Lukas Gähwiler 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Vice 
Chairman 
2025 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
UBS Group AG; Vice Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of Pilatus Aircraft Ltd; member of 
the Board of Directors of Ringier AG; member 
of the Board and Board Committee of 
economiesuisse; Chairman of the Employers 
Association of Banks in Switzerland; member 
of the Board of Directors of the Swiss 
Employers Association; member of the Board 
of Directors and the Board of Directors 
Committee of the Swiss Bankers Association; 
member of the Board of the Swiss Finance 
Council; member of the Board of Trustees of 
Avenir Suisse. 
Jeremy Anderson 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Senior Independent Director of the Board of 
Directors of UBS Group AG; member of the 
Board of Prudential plc (Chair of the Risk 
Committee); member of the Board of Directors 
of Credit Suisse International; Trustee of the 
UK's Productivity Leadership Group. 
Claudia Böckstiegel 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; General Counsel and member of the 
Enlarged Executive Committee of Roche 
Holding AG. 
William C. Dudley 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Treliant 
LLC; member of the Advisory Board of Suade 
Labs; Senior Advisor to the Griswold Center for 
Economic 
Policy 
Studies 
at 
Princeton 
University; member of the Group of Thirty; 
member of the Council on Foreign Relations; 
Chairman of the Bretton Woods Committee 
Board of Directors; member of the Board of the 
Council for Economic Education. 
Patrick Firmenich 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; Vice Chairman of the Board of dsm-
firmenich 
(Chair 
of 
the 
Nomination 
Committee); member of the Board of INSEAD 
and INSEAD World Foundation; member of 
the Advisory Council of the Swiss Board 
Institute. 
Fred Hu 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; founder, Chairman and CEO of 
Primavera Capital Group; Non-Executive 
Chairman of the Board of Yum China Holdings 
(Chair of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee); Board Member of Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), Chairman 
of the Nomination Committee; Chairman of 
Primavera Capital Ltd; Trustee of the China 
Medical Board; Co-Chairman of the Nature

--- Page 160 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
Member and business 
address 
Title 
Term of 
office 
Current principal activities outside UBS AG 
Conservancy Asia Pacific Council; member of 
the Board of Trustees of the Institute for 
Advanced Study; Director and member of the 
Executive Committee of China Venture Capital 
and Private Equity Association Ltd. 
Mark Hughes 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland  
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Directors 
of UBS Americas Holding LLC; member of the 
Board of Directors of Credit Suisse AG; Chair 
of the Board of Directors of the Global Risk 
Institute; Senior Advisor to McKinsey & 
Company. 
Gail Kelly 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Singtel 
Communications (Chairperson of the Executive 
Resource and Compensation); member of the 
Group of Thirty; member of the Board of 
Directors of the Bretton Woods Committee; 
member of the Board of Directors of the 
Australia Philanthropic Services; member of 
the Australian American Leadership Dialogue 
Advisory Board; senior advisor to McKinsey & 
Company. 
Nathalie Rachou 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Euronext 
N.V. (Chair of the Remuneration Committee); 
member of the Board of Veolia Environnement 
SA (Chair of the Audit Committee); member of 
the Board of the African Financial Institutions 
Investment Platform; member of the Board of 
Directors of Fondation Leopold Bellan. 
Julie G. Richardson 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Yext (Chair 
of the Audit Committee); member of the Board 
of Datadog (Chair of the Audit Committee); 
member of the Board of Fivetran; member of 
the Board of Coalition, Inc. 
Jeanette Wong 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Member 
2025 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of Prudential 
plc; member of the Board of Singapore Airlines 
Limited; member of the Board of GIC Pte Ltd; 
member of the Board of PSA International; 
member of the board of Pavilion Capital 
Holdings Pte Ltd; Chairman of the CareShield 
Life Council; member of the Securities Industry 
Council; member of the Board of Trustees of 
the National University of Singapore. 
4.2 
Executive Board ("EB") 
Under the leadership of the President of the EB, the EB has executive management responsibility 
for UBS AG and its business. All EB members (with the exception of the President of the EB) are 
proposed by the President of the EB. The appointments are made by the BoD.

--- Page 161 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
4.2.1. 
Members of the Executive Board 
The current members of the EB are listed below. On 30 May 2024 it was announced that George 
Athanasopoulos and Marco Valla will become Co-Presidents of the Investment Bank, that Damian 
Vogel will succeed Christian Bluhm as Group Chief Risk Officer, and that each will join the EB 
effective 1 July 2024 subject to final regulatory approval.  Iqbal Khan will assume the role of 
President UBS Asia-Pacific, effective 1 September 2024, and become Co-President Global Wealth 
Management, Rob Karofsky will become President UBS Americas and Co-President Global 
Wealth Management effective 1 July 2024. Naureen Hassan will retire from UBS effective 1 July 
2024 and Christian Bluhm and Edmund Koh will step down from the EB effective 1 July 2024 and 
1 September 2024 respectively. 
Member and 
business address 
Function 
Current principal activities outside UBS AG 
 
Sergio P. Ermotti 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland   
President of the 
Executive Board 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Executive Officer of UBS Group 
AG; member of the Board of Ermenegildo Zegna 
N.V. (Lead Non-Executive Director); member of 
the Board of Società Editrice del Corriere del 
Ticino SA; member of the Board of Innosuisse – 
Swiss Innovation Agency; member of Institut 
International D'Etudes Bancaires; member of the 
WEF International Business Council and 
Governor of the Financial Services / Banking 
Community; member of the MAS International 
Advisory Panel; member of the Board of the 
Institute of International Finance; member of the 
Board of the Swiss-American Chamber of 
Commerce. 
Michelle Bereaux 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Integration Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Integration Officer of UBS Group AG. 
Christian Bluhm 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Chief Risk Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Risk Officer of UBS Group AG; 
chairman of the board of Christian Bluhm 
Photography AG; member of the Foundation 
Board – International Financial Risk Institute. 
Mike Dargan 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Chief Operations 
and Technology 
Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Operations and Technology Officer 
of UBS Group AG; President of the Executive 
Board and board member of UBS Business 
Solutions AG; member of the Board of Directors 
and President of the Executive Board of Credit 
Suisse Services AG; member of the Board of 
UBS Optimus Foundation. 
Naureen Hassan 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
President UBS 
Americas 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
President UBS Americas of UBS Group AG; 
CEO and member of the Board of Directors of 
UBS Americas Holding LLC; member of the 
Board of Governors of FINRA; member of the 
Board of Ownership Works; member of the 
Board of the American Swiss Foundation;

--- Page 162 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Member and 
business address 
Function 
Current principal activities outside UBS AG 
 
member of the Board and Executive Committee 
of The Partnership for New York City. 
Aleksandar Ivanovic 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
President Asset 
Management 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
President Asset Management of UBS Group AG; 
Chairman of UBS Asset Management AG; 
Chairman 
of 
UBS 
Asset 
Management 
Switzerland AG.  
Robert Karofsky 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
President 
Investment Bank 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
President Investment Bank of UBS Group AG; 
member of the board of UBS Americas Holding 
LLC; member of the board of UBS Optimus 
Foundation. 
Iqbal Khan 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
President Global 
Wealth 
Management 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
President Global Wealth Management of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of UBS 
Optimus Foundation. 
Edmund Koh 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
President UBS Asia 
Pacific 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
President UBS Asia Pacific of UBS Group AG; 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Wealth 
Management Institute, Singapore; member of the 
Board of Next50 Limited, Singapore; member of 
the Board of Medico Suites (S) Pte Ltd, 
Singapore; member of the Board of Curbside Pte 
Ltd, Singapore; member of the Board of the 
Philanthropy Asia Alliance Ltd, Singapore; 
member of a sub-committee of the Singapore 
Ministry of Finance's Committee on the Future 
Economy; member of the Financial Centre 
Advisory Panel of the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore; Council member of the Asian Bureau 
of Finance and Economic Research, Singapore; 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Cultural 
Matching 
Fund, 
Singapore; 
member 
of 
University of Toronto's International Leadership 
Council for Asia. 
Barbara Levi 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
General Counsel 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group General Counsel of UBS Group AG; 
member of the Board of Directors of the 
European General Counsel Association; member 
of the Legal Committee of the Swiss-American 
Chamber of Commerce. 
Beatriz 
Martin 
Jimenez 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Head Non-Core and 
Legacy and 
President UBS 
Europe, Middle 
East and Africa 
Member of the Group Executive Board, Head 
Non-Core and Legacy and President UBS 
Europe, Middle East and Africa of UBS Group 
AG; member of the Supervisory Board of UBS 
Europe SE; member of the Board of Directors of 
Credit Suisse International; member of the 
Advisory Board of the Frankfurt School of

--- Page 163 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
Member and 
business address 
Function 
Current principal activities outside UBS AG 
 
Switzerland 
Finance & Management. 
Markus Ronner 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Chief Compliance 
and Governance 
Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Compliance and Governance 
Officer of UBS Group AG. 
Stefan Seiler 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Head Human 
Resources & 
Corporate Services 
Member of the Group Executive Board and Head 
Group Human Resources & Corporate Services 
of UBS Group AG; member of the Foundation 
Board of the UBS Swiss Pension Fund; member 
of the UBS Center for Economics in Society at 
the University of Zurich Foundation Council; 
chairman of the Foundation Board of the Swiss 
Finance 
Institute; 
member 
of 
the 
IMD 
Foundation Board; Adjunct Professor for 
Leadership and Strategic Human Resource 
Management, 
Nanyang 
Technological 
University (NTU) Singapore. 
Todd Tuckner 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Financial Officer of UBS Group 
AG. 
4.3 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Members of the BoD and the EB may act as directors or executive officers of other companies (for 
current principal positions outside UBS AG, if any, of BoD and EB members, please see sections 
4.1.1 and 4.2.1 above, respectively) and may have economic or other private interests that differ 
from those of UBS AG. Conflicts of interest may potentially arise from these positions or interests. 
For example, it cannot be excluded that a member of the BoD or EB has or will have a function 
within a company, the shares of which are or will be traded by UBS AG or which has or will have 
a business relationship with UBS AG. UBS AG is confident that its internal corporate governance 
practices and its compliance with relevant legal and regulatory provisions reasonably ensure that 
any conflicts of interest of the type described above are appropriately managed, including through 
disclosure when appropriate. 
Other than as indicated above, UBS AG is not aware of potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to UBS AG of the members of the BoD and the EB and their private interests or other duties. 
5. 
Auditors 
Based on article 31 of the Articles of Association, UBS AG shareholders elect the auditors for a 
term of office of one year. At the AGMs of 5 April 2022, 4 April 2023 and 23 April 2024, Ernst & 
Young Ltd, Aeschengraben 27, 4051 Basel, Switzerland ("Ernst & Young") was elected as auditor 
for the consolidated and standalone financial statements of UBS AG for a one-year term. 
Ernst & Young is a member of EXPERTsuisse, the Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and 
Fiduciary. Ernst & Young is also registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, 
which is responsible for the licensing and supervision of audit firms and individuals that provide 
audit services in Switzerland.

--- Page 164 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
6. 
Major Shareholders of UBS AG 
UBS Group AG owns 100 per cent. of the outstanding shares of UBS AG. UBS AG is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of UBS Group AG. While UBS has no specific corporate measures intended to 
prevent abuse of control to the detriment of minority shareholders, UBS has adopted a 
comprehensive and integrated governance framework which takes into account the specific 
requirements of each relevant jurisdiction. This governance framework includes separate articles 
of association and organisational regulations for UBS Group AG and UBS AG. In addition, as 
UBS AG is regulated as a bank in Switzerland, it is subject to capital regulation and close 
supervisory oversight. This includes the general requirement under Swiss law that contracts of 
UBS AG with affiliates are subject to an arm's length principle of negotiation. 
7. 
Financial Information concerning UBS AG's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and 
Profits and Losses 
7.1 
Historical Annual Financial Information 
Detailed information about UBS AG consolidated and UBS AG assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses for financial years 2023 and 2022 is available in the section 
"Consolidated financial statements" of the Annual Report 2023 and the Standalone Financial 
Statements 2023. The consolidated and standalone financial accounts are closed on 31 December 
of each year. 
The annual financial reports form an essential part of UBS AG's reporting. They include the audited 
consolidated financial statements of UBS AG, prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards. The annual reports also include discussions and analysis of the consolidated financial 
and business results of UBS, its business divisions and Group Items. In addition, UBS AG prepares 
and publishes standalone financial statements in accordance with Swiss GAAP, as well as certain 
additional disclosures required under SEC regulations. 
7.2 
Auditing of Historical Annual Financial Information 
The consolidated financial statements and the standalone financial statements of UBS AG for the 
financial years 2023 and 2022 were audited by Ernst & Young. The reports of the auditors on the 
consolidated financial statements can be found on pages 127 and following of the Annual Report 
2023. The reports of the auditors on the standalone financial statements of UBS AG can be found 
on pages 35-41 (inclusive) of the Standalone Financial Statements 2023. 
There are no qualifications in the auditors' reports on the consolidated financial statements of UBS 
AG and the standalone financial statements of UBS AG for the years ended on 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars. 
7.3 
Interim Financial Information 
Reference is also made to the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report, which contains information on 
the financial condition and results of operations, including the interim financial statements, of UBS 
AG consolidated as of and for the period ended 31 March 2024. The interim consolidated financial 
statements are not audited. 
7.4 
Incorporation by Reference 
The Annual Report 2023, the Standalone Financial Statements 2023 and the UBS AG First Quarter 
2024 Report are fully incorporated in, and form an integral part of, this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars. 
7.5 
Litigation, Regulatory and Similar Matters 
UBS operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to significant litigation and 
similar risks arising from disputes and regulatory proceedings. As a result, UBS is involved in 
various disputes and legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration, and regulatory and 
criminal investigations. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome and the

--- Page 165 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
timing of resolution are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case. The 
uncertainties inherent in all such matters affect the amount and timing of any potential outflows 
for both matters with respect to which provisions have been established and other contingent 
liabilities. Litigation, regulatory and similar matters may also result in non-monetary penalties and 
consequences. A guilty plea to, or conviction of, a crime could have material consequences for 
UBS. Resolution of regulatory proceedings may require UBS to obtain waivers of regulatory 
disqualifications to maintain certain operations, may entitle regulatory authorities to limit, suspend 
or terminate licences and regulatory authorisations and may permit financial market utilities to 
limit, suspend or terminate UBS's participation in such utilities. Failure to obtain such waivers, or 
any limitation, suspension or termination of licences, authorisations or participations, could have 
material consequences for UBS. 
Specific litigation, regulatory and other matters, including all such matters that management 
considers to be material and others that management believes to be of significance due to potential 
financial, reputational and other effects, are described in "Note 15 Provisions and contingent 
liabilities" to UBS AG's consolidated financial statements included in the UBS AG First Quarter 
2024 Report. The amount of damages claimed, the size of a transaction or other information is 
provided where available and appropriate in order to assist users in considering the magnitude of 
potential exposures. 
The specific litigation, regulatory and other matters described in "Note 15 Provisions and 
contingent liabilities" to UBS AG's interim unaudited consolidated financial statements included 
in the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report include all such matters that management considers to 
be material and others that management believes to be of significance due to potential financial, 
reputational and other effects as described therein. The proceedings indicated below are matters 
that have recently been considered material, but are not currently considered material, by UBS AG. 
Besides the proceedings described therein and below, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which 
UBS AG is aware) that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on UBS AG 
Group's and/or UBS AG's financial position or profitability and are or have been pending during 
the last twelve months until the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
Claims related to sales of residential mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS") and mortgages: From 
2002 through 2007, prior to the crisis in the US residential loan market, UBS was a substantial 
issuer and underwriter of US RMBS and was a purchaser and seller of US residential mortgages. 
In 2018, the US Department of Justice ("DOJ") filed a civil complaint in the District Court for the 
Eastern District of New York. The complaint seeks unspecified civil monetary penalties under the 
Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 related to UBS's issuance, 
underwriting and sale of 40 RMBS transactions in 2006 and 2007. UBS moved to dismiss the civil 
complaint in 2019. Later in 2019, the district court denied UBS's motion to dismiss. In August 
2023, UBS reached a settlement with the DOJ, under which UBS paid USD 1.435 billion to resolve 
all civil claims by the DOJ. 
7.6 
Material Contracts 
No material contracts have been entered into outside of the ordinary course of UBS AG's or UBS 
AG Group's business which could result in any member of the UBS AG Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to UBS AG's ability to meet its obligations to the investors 
in relation to the issued securities. 
7.7 
Significant Changes in the Financial Position and Performance; Material Adverse Change in 
Prospects 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of UBS AG 
Group since 31 March 2024, which is the end of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of UBS AG or UBS AG Group since 
31 December 2023.

--- Page 166 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
8. 
Share Capital 
As reflected in the Articles of Association most recently registered with the Commercial Register 
of the Canton of Zurich and the Commercial Register of Basel-City, UBS AG has (i) fully paid 
and issued share capital of USD 385,840,846.60, divided into 3,858,408,466 registered shares with 
a par value of USD 0.10 each (article 4); (ii) conditional capital in the amount of USD 38,000,000, 
comprising 380,000,000 registered shares with a par value of USD 0.10 each that can be issued 
upon the voluntary or mandatory exercise of conversion rights and/or warrants (article 4a); and 
(iii) conversion capital in the amount of USD 70,000,000 through the issuance of a maximum of 
700,000,000 registered shares with a par value of USD 0.10 each, through the mandatory 
conversion of claims arising upon the occurrence of one or more trigger events under financial 
market instruments with contingent conversion features (article 4b). 
9. 
Documents Available 
The most recent Articles of Association are available on UBS's Corporate Governance website, at 
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/our-firm/governance/ubs-ag/articles-of-association.html. Save as 
otherwise indicated herein, information on or accessible through the Group's corporate website, 
www.ubs.com, does not form part of and is not incorporated into this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars.

--- Page 167 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes which are issued under the Prospectus Regulation 
regime will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION ON SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") / MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]1. [Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] 2  Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
 
1 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]." 
2 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]."

--- Page 168 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 
The Final Terms dated [•] 
UBS AG, acting through its [head offices in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the UBS AG Euro Note 
Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplements to it dated [•]] (the 
"Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [1 July 2005 / 3 
July 2006 / 4 July 2007 / 4 July 2008 / 20 April 2009 / 27 August 2009 / 25 August 2010 / 25 August 2011 
/ 27 June 2012 / 25 June 2013 / 24 June 2014 / 22 June 2015 / 22 June 2016 / 31 May 2017 / 31 May 2017 
(and the supplement to it dated 25 August 2017) / 31 May 2018 / 7 June 2019 / 5 June 2020 / 21 May 2021 
(and the supplement to it dated 30 July 2021) / 26 May 2022 / 15 June 2023] [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated [•]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [•] June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[•]], in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the General Terms and 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [1 July 2005 / 3 July 2006 / 4 July 2007 / 4 
July 2008 / 20 April 2009 / 27 August 2009 / 25 August 2010 / 25 August 2011 / 27 June 2012 / 25 June 
2013 / 24 June 2014 / 22 June 2015 / 22 June 2016 / 31 May 2017 / 31 May 2017 (and the supplement to it 
dated 25 August 2017) / 31 May 2018 / 7 June 2019 / 5 June 2020 / 21 May 2021 (and the supplement to it 
dated 30 July 2021) / 26 May 2022 / 15 June 2023] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
End of Options 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may 
be obtained from the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, 160 
Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, 
Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable' (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if 'Not Applicable' is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which

--- Page 169 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance 
for completing these Final Terms. If the first Tranche of an issue that is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date, it may be appropriate to include items or options from the earlier 
pro forma final terms that match the conditions applicable to that first Tranche and/or that are applicable 
to the Tranche of Notes being issued.] 
1. 
Issuer:  
UBS AG, acting through its [head offices in Basel 
and Zurich][[•] branch] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[number/year, e.g. 1/00] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[number, e.g. 1] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [the Issue Date / 
[specify date]]] 
3. 
Specified Currenc[y]/[ies]: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
[Original Issue Discount (OID): 
[No / Yes. [insert description of tax consequences 
of a Note with original issue discount] / Not 
Applicable]3 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•]4 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[day/month/year] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[day/month/year] / [Issue Date] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[day/month/year] / [For Floating Rate Notes (if 
applicable) or CNY or Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification, insert: 
The Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
3 
OID disclosure is only required for Notes denominated in US dollars. For Notes denominated in other currencies, 
select 'Not Applicable' or delete. 
4 
Notes may be issued in any denomination(s), subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements save that (i) the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public either in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under either the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) and (ii) Notes in registered form sold pursuant to Rule 
144A shall be issued in denominations of at least US$100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency rounded 
upwards as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and higher integral multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its 
equivalent as aforesaid).

--- Page 170 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
 
[[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / 
Compounded Daily €STR / Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE 
Swap Rate / [maturity] EURIBOR / GBP SONIA 
ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] HIBOR / [maturity] 
NIBOR / SARON Compounded / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] STIBOR / 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate / US Federal Funds Rate 
/ USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate] +/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/17/18] below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
14. 
[Date [Board/Group Treasurer] approval 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•]  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount[, except for the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [•]5] 
 
 
[For Singapore dollar-denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes, the following alternative wording is 
appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded 
upwards)] 
 
 
[For CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification, the following 
 
5 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 171 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
alternative wording is appropriate: Each Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
[CNY 0.01/HK$0.01], [CNY 0.005/ HK$0.005] 
being rounded upwards] 
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[Include this item if required: The Agent/[•] shall 
be the Calculation Agent]] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [•] [insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)] / Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365 
/  
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period rather than 
Interest Payment Dates will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise select 'Not Applicable'.) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following 
Unadjusted Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention / 
No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and, if applicable, for the 
purposes of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes and CORRA Notes)): 
[•]

--- Page 172 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA 
/ GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA 
/ JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Reset Date(s): 
[[•]/As specified in the ISDA Definitions/The first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(iii)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(g) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
[Averaging 
Method]: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business

--- Page 173 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
Days: [•] / Not Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(i) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / 
Compounded Daily €STR / Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE 
Swap Rate / [maturity] EURIBOR / GBP SONIA 
ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] HIBOR / [maturity] 
NIBOR / SARON Compounded / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] STIBOR / 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate / US Federal Funds Rate 
/ USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate / other – give details] 
 
(b) 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]6 
 
(c) 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]7 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank 
of Canada Business Days preceding the Interest 
Period Relevant Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period / [other]] 
 
(e) 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]]8 
 
(f) 
[Relevant 
[€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
Page: 
[•]]9 
 
6 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
7 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes. 
8 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate. 
9 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
(g) 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]10 
 
(h) 
[[EURIBOR-
ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m. / 12 noon] (Frankfurt time) / [10:00 
a.m. / 3:00 p.m.] (Tokyo time)]11 
 
(i) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(j) 
[D: 
[360 / 365 / Not Applicable]12 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / 
[other – give details]] 
 
(xii) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes))): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, 
please always select 'Not Applicable') 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation/Non-
Representativeness Version: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, 
please always select 'Not Applicable') 
17. 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates on and 
prior to the Floating Rate 
[•] in each year, from (and including) [•] to (and 
including) the Floating Rate Commencement Date 
 
10 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily CORRA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON 
Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR or STIBOR. 
11 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
12 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 175 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
Commencement Date: 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each 
Interest Payment Date to (and including) the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date[, except for 
the Interest Payment Date falling on [•]]13 
 
 
[For Singapore dollar-denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes, the following alternative wording is 
appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded 
upwards)] 
 
 
[For CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification, the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: Each Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
[CNY 0.01/HK$0.01], [CNY 0.005/ HK$0.005] 
being rounded upwards] 
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[Include this item if required: the Agent/[•] shall be 
the Calculation Agent]] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on [•] 
[insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts that do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]] 
 
(vi) 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[•] [, as adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] / Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Period: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period rather than 
Interest Payment Dates will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise select 'Not Applicable'.) 
 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Dates after the 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
 
13 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 176 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / 
Compounded Daily €STR / Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
/ 
Compounded Daily TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE 
Swap Rate / [maturity] EURIBOR / GBP SONIA 
ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] HIBOR / [maturity] 
NIBOR / SARON Compounded / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] STIBOR / 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate / US Federal Funds Rate 
/ USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate / other – give details] 
 
(b) 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]14 
 
(c) 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]15 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank 
of Canada Business Days the Interest Period 
Relevant Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period / [other]] 
 
(e) 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]]16 
 
(f) 
[Relevant 
[€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
Page: 
[•]]17 
 
(g) 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]18 
 
(h) 
[[EURIBOR-
ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m./12 noon] (Frankfurt time)/[10:00 
a.m./3:00 p.m.] (Tokyo time)]]19 
 
(i) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(j) 
[D: 
[360 / 365 / [•] / Not Applicable]20 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
14 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
15 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes. 
16 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate. 
17 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes. 
18 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily CORRA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON 
Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR or STIBOR. 
19 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
20 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xiv) 
Business Day Convention: 
On or prior to the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date: Not Applicable 
 
 
After the Floating Rate Commencement Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following 
Unadjusted Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention / 
No Adjustment / other – give details] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Fixed Rate of Interest: [30/360 / Actual/360 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / 
other – give details] 
 
 
Floating Rate of Interest: [30/360 / Actual/360 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / 
other – give details] 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)and, if applicable, for 
the purposes of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes and CORRA Notes)): 
[Insert name of Calculation Agent and its specified 
office] 
 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, 
please always select 'Not Applicable') 
 
(xviii) Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation/Non-
Representativeness Version: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, 
please always select 'Not Applicable') 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 178 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not 
Applicable] 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption on event 
of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method 
of calculating the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Tax Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount / The 
Tax Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
will be the Amortised Face Amount per 
Calculation Amount as of the applicable Early 
Redemption Date or, if the Tax Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused when 
due, the Amortised Face Amount per Calculation 
Amount as of the Relevant Date / If the Notes are 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), then the Tax Redemption Amount will 
be [•] (insert details)] 
21. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Fair Market Value): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption)) is applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / 
Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days' notice / 
[other]] 
22. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) is applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in 
the period from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[•]/ [Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]]/[[•] (the "Par Redemption Date")] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / 
Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days' notice / 
[other]] 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 179 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
23. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption)) is applicable / Canada 
Yield Price is Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Dates(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond(s): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reinvestment Margin: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Reinvestment Rate 
Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / 
Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days' notice / 
[other]] 
24. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders: 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders) is applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable / As set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions / Not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' notice / [•]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[United States dollars / [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency: 
[Specified Currency / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Payment Event Cut-Off Date: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]21 
26. 
CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[[day/month/year] / Not Applicable]22 
 
21 
Mark as 'Applicable' if the intention is for the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition to apply to the Notes. 
(Applying the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition should be specifically agreed for this issuance of Notes.) 
22 
Only include a Trade Date for any Renminbi Notes.

--- Page 180 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
CNY Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong]/[•] 
 
(ii) 
Base Currency: 
[United States dollars / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Subject Currency: 
[Specified Currency / other] 
 
(iv) 
Date Postponement: 
[Applicable, as per Condition 8(f)(iii)(A) / Not 
Applicable]23 
 
(v) 
Payment of Equivalent Amount: 
[Applicable, as per Condition 8(f)(iii)(A) / Not 
Applicable]24 
 
(vi) 
Payment Event Cut-Off Date: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]25 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes26: 
 
 
[[Unrestricted Global Note] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
[and 
Clearstream Frankfurt]/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[[Restricted Global Note] registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC]] 
[Unified Global Note] 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
29. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Business Days: 
[•]27 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes. The talons mature on [•]. / No.] 
32. 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[As per the General Terms and Conditions/The 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply] 
33. 
Condition 14(c): 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
23 
Where CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable to any Notes, Date Postponement applies unless 'Not 
Applicable' is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
24 
Where CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable to any Notes, Payment of Equivalent Amount applies unless 
'Not Applicable' is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
25 
Mark as 'Applicable' if the intention is for the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition to apply to the Notes. 
26 
Notes may be issued in bearer form also, subject to the receipt of written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-
Americas. 
Optional wording for Bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
Or, in the case of Swiss Notes: 
Bearer SIS Notes 
27 
List the financial centres or other days (e.g. T2 Settlement Day or US Government Securities Business Day) 
intended to be Business Days for the Notes.  Business Days should be specified for all Notes apart from Notes 
denominated in Renminbi, where "As per the General Terms and Conditions" can be specified instead.

--- Page 181 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the Notes described herein to be [listed on the 
official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin/admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market]/[•] pursuant to the Euro Note Programme of UBS 
AG.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UBS AG [, acting through its [head office in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch]], as Issuer: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 182 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
[Application [has been/will be] made for the Notes to be [admitted to the official list of 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin/[•]] and] admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin/[•]] with effect from [on or 
about] [•].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading:) 
 
[The original Notes were admitted to trading on [the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext 
Dublin/[]] and [admitted to the official list of [Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext 
Dublin/[•]]][listing] on [•].] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[[The Notes [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]]: 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
[•]] 
 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd: 
[•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
[•]] 
 
[Scope Ratings AG: 
[•]] 
 
[[Other]*: 
[•]] 
 
*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified - for 
example "S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited", rather than just Standard and Poor's. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website]. [The rating [•] has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [•], which is established in the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] 
has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of 
the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by 
virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 183 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority/European Securities and Markets Authority]. [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website]. [The rating [•] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the [UK/United Kingdom (the 
"UK")] and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by virtue of the [EUWA / 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
[UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of 
these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website]. [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the 
[UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by virtue of the [EUWA 
/ European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
[UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] by 
virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is established in the [UK/United Kingdom (the "UK")] and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As of the 
date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the FCA 
website. The rating [•] has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[•], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 184 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the [UK / United Kingdom (the "UK")] but the rating it has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")] [and] [[•], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [EUWA / European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the [UK / United Kingdom (the "UK")] but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [EUWA / 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the [UK / United Kingdom (the "UK")] and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [EUWA / 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
 
End of options 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act") and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor 
in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, 
and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law 
in any jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not 
entitled to receive the Base Prospectus or these Final Terms and anyone who receives the Base 
Prospectus and/or these Final Terms must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to 
receive it. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[[Save as discussed in "Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus,] so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The

--- Page 185 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
[Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business] / [[•] / Not Applicable] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general 
financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, outside 
Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under 
the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without 
payments in respect of the Notes becoming subject to 
withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a 
consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland 
(insert in the case of an issuance by a Branch)] / 
 
 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general 
financing requirements of the UBS AG Group (insert in 
the case of an issuance by the UBS Head Office)] / 
 
 
[The Notes are issued as Green Bonds and it is intended 
that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to 
finance, refinance or otherwise maintain new and existing 
Eligible Assets (which can be identified on a UBS AG 
Group-wide basis), as further described in the UBS Green 
Funding Framework [and below]. See "Use of Proceeds" 
in the [Base Prospectus / Base Listing Particulars][, as 
modified by this [Final Terms/ Pricing Supplement]28]. 
 
 
["UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the UBS 
green funding framework dated [•], available at 
www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the same may be updated, 
amended and/or replaced from time to time. None of the 
UBS Green Funding Framework, any other certification, 
report or opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding 
Framework and/or the Notes or the contents of any 
website referred to above are incorporated in or form part 
of these Final Terms. [As of [•], the Eligible Asset 
categories defined by the UBS Green Funding Framework 
are ["green buildings", being mortgages provided to new 
or existing commercial or residential buildings certified, 
or to be certified, by the following green building 
certification systems: Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-
A 29 ; or any other equivalent certification system as 
determined by UBS / other] / [•].]] 
 
 
If any UBS AG Group-wide Eligible Assets that are 
allocated to the Notes for purposes of the UBS Green 
Funding Framework are held by one of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate new or existing 
funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary as funding for the 
maintenance of such UBS AG Group-wide Eligible 
 
28 
Insert if the below text reflects any relevant updates, amendments or other changes to the initial UBS Green 
Funding Framework as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section. 
29 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy consumption 
buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and the Principality of 
Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new buildings and refurbishments: 
Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed requirements for certification, please visit 
www.minergie.ch.

--- Page 186 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
Assets. (insert in the case of an issuance of Green Bonds)] 
/ 
 
 
[Other] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
[related to the admission 
to trading]: 
[•] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
5. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated on the basis of the 
Issue Price at the Issue Date. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [BBSW Rate / CORRA / €STR / [maturity] EURIBOR / EURIBOR ICE 
Swap Rate® / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate® / [maturity] HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / 
[maturity] SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / SONIA / SONIA Compounded Index / SOFR / SOFR 
Index / [maturity] STIBOR / Swiss Average Rate Overnight / Tokyo Swap Rate / TONA / US 
Federal Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate®] can be obtained from [Reuters / Bloomberg/ 
other].] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) / 
Not Available [as of the date of these Final Terms]] 
 
[CFI code: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) / 
Not Available [as of the date of these Final Terms]]] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper),][include this text for Registered 
Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European

--- Page 187 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper),][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] 
 
Any clearing system(s) and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
(if applicable): 
[Not Applicable / Euroclear Bank SA/NV / Clearstream 
Banking S.A. / Clearstream Banking AG / DTC / [give 
name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[In the case of Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 
144A: 
[It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made [free 
of payment / against payment therefor] on [•], which will 
be the [•] business day following the date of the pricing of 
the Notes (this settlement cycle being referred to as 
"T+[•]"). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades 
in the secondary market generally are required to settle in 
one business day, unless the parties to any such trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who 
wish to trade the Notes on any date prior to the first 
business day before their delivery will be required, by 
virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle on 
T+[•], to specify alternative settlement arrangements to 
prevent a failed settlement.] 
 
Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its 
London Branch / U.S. Bank Trust National Association / 
UBS Europe SE / [•]] 
 
Registrar: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch / U.S. Bank Trust National Association / UBS 
Europe SE / [[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
[Luxembourg Paying Agent: The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch] 
[Irish Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV Dublin Branch] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated]

--- Page 188 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable / give names] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers.) 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [•] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable / give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[UBS AG London Branch / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Total commission and 
concession: 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount/Not 
Applicable / other] 
 
(vii) 
US selling restrictions30: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C / TEFRA not 
applicable; Rule 144A] 
 
(viii) 
Withholding under 
Section 871(m): 
[Not Applicable]31 [The Notes are subject to US federal 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).] [Additional 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to the Notes will be available at [•]] 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition on sales to 
EEA retail investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, 'Not Applicable' should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, 'Applicable' 
should be specified.) 
 
(x) 
Prohibition on sales to 
UK retail investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, 'Not Applicable' should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, 'Applicable' should be 
specified.) 
 
30 
TEFRA may be applicable where Notes are issued in bearer form. In such cases written pre-approval by the UBS 
Group Tax-Americas is required. TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market practice should only be 
selected if the relevant legal requirements are met and UBS internal guidelines followed. 
31 
The Notes should not be subject to US federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do not reference 
any US equity or any index that contains any US equity (ii) reference indices considered to be "qualified indices" 
for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 1 January 2023. Delta-
One Notes and Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 2023 that reference a US equity or index that 
contains any US equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are 
Section 871(m) Notes.

--- Page 189 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
9. 
[BENCHMARKS 
 
 
[The BBSW Rate is provided by ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (ABN 38 616 075 417) / 
CORRA is provided by The Bank of Canada / €STR is provided by the European Central Bank 
/ EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute / EURIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate® is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration® Limited / GBP SONIA ICE Swap 
Rate® is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration® Limited / HIBOR is provided by the 
Hong Kong Association of Banks / NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS / 
The Swiss Average Rate Overnight is provided by SIX Index Ltd / SHIBOR is provided by the 
People's Bank of China / SOFR is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / SOFR 
Index is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / SONIA is provided by the Bank 
of England / SONIA Compounded Index is provided by the Bank of England / SOR is provided 
by ABS Benchmarks Administration Co. Pte Ltd / STIBOR is provided by the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB / Tokyo Swap Rate is provided by Refinitiv Benchmark 
Services (UK) Limited / TONA is provided by the Bank of Japan / The US Federal Funds Rate 
is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate® is 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration® Limited][repeat as necessary]. 
[[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears/does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] 
10. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduction inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 190 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes which is not issued under the Prospectus 
Regulation regime will be substantially in the following form, duly completed, supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for 
completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
[(THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION")] FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW 
[PROHIBITION ON SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II], EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]1] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]2]. 
[Consider any negative target market]3. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
 
1 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution may be deemed 
appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the appropriate target market for the 
Notes being issued. 
2 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution may be deemed 
appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the appropriate target market for the 
Notes being issued. 
3 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]"

--- Page 191 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any [person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services] 
[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable].] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 
 
 
 
4 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]"

--- Page 192 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
The Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
UBS AG, 
acting through its [head offices in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the UBS AG Euro Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base listing particulars for the purposes of [admission 
to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin / 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market / other non-regulated market] / [the issue of unlisted 
Notes]]. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read 
in conjunction with such Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Listing Particulars [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars] [is] [are] [available for viewing at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, Riverside II, Sir 
John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.] [available at The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited, Level 26, HSBC Main Building, 1 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.] [available at UBS 
Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, P.O. Box 8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered 
by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated [original 
date] [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]]. This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of [admission to trading on the [Global 
Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin / Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF Market / other - please specify] / [the issue of unlisted Notes]] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [date]], save in respect of the General Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Listing Particulars dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]] [and 
are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the General Terms and Conditions and the Base Listing 
Particulars dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental Listing Particulars dated [•]]. [The Base Listing 
Particulars 
[and 
the 
supplemental 
Listing 
Particulars] 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
[https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, Riverside II, Sir 
John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.][available at The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited, Level 26, HSBC Main Building, 1 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.][available at UBS 
Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, P.O. Box 8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered 
by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable' (N/A). Italics denote guidance for 
completing this Pricing Supplement. If the first Tranche of an issue that is being increased was issued under 
a base listing particulars with an earlier date, it may be appropriate to include items or options from the

--- Page 193 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
earlier pro forma pricing supplement that match the conditions applicable to that first Tranche and/or that 
are applicable to the Tranche of Notes being issued.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
UBS AG, acting through its [head offices in Basel and 
Zurich][[•] branch] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[number/year, e.g. 1/00] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[number, e.g. 1] 
 
(ii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [the Issue Date / [specify 
date]]] 
3. 
Specified Currenc[y]/[ies]: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
[Original Issue Discount (OID): 
[No / Yes. [insert description of tax consequences of a 
Note with original issue discount] / Not Applicable]5 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[currency/amount for each denomination]6 
 
 
[If the Notes will be issued in or into Australia, the 
denominations may be any amount provided that the 
minimum aggregate consideration payable by each 
offeree is at least A$500,000 (or the equivalent in 
another currency, in either case disregarding moneys 
lent by the offeror or to its associates) or the offer or 
invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 
of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[day/month/year] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[day/month/year] / [Issue Date] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[day/month/year] [For Floating Rate Notes (if 
applicable) or CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Payment Dates are 
 
5 
OID disclosure is only required for Notes denominated in US dollars. For Notes denominated in other currencies, 
select 'Not Applicable' or delete. 
6 
Notes may be issued in any denomination(s), subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements save that (i) the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public either in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under either the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) and (ii) Notes in registered form sold pursuant to Rule 
144A shall be issued in denominations of at least US$100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency rounded 
upwards as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement) and higher integral multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its 
equivalent as aforesaid).

--- Page 194 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
subject to modification, insert: the Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / 
Compounded Daily €STR / Compounded Daily SOFR 
/ Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded Daily 
TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
EURIBOR / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / SARON Compounded / 
[maturity] SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] 
STIBOR / TONA Tokyo Swap Rate / US Federal 
Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate / other] +/- 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Index-linked Interest] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/17/18/19/20] below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount/ Partly Paid] 
 
 
[Index-linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Subordinated] 
14. 
[Date [Board/Group Treasurer] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[•] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes only] 
in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention

--- Page 195 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount[, except for the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [•]7] 
 
 
[For Singapore dollar-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, 
the following alternative wording is appropriate: Each 
Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a 
cent being rounded upwards)] 
 
 
[For CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed 
Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, the following alternative 
wording is appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon Amount 
shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest [CNY 0.01/HK$0.01], [CNY 0.005/ 
HK$0.005] being rounded upwards] 
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amounts(s):] 
[Include this item if required: The Agent/[•] shall be 
the Calculation Agent] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [•] [insert particulars of any 
initial or final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 /  Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / other] 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[give details] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period rather than Interest 
Payment Dates will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise 
select 'Not Applicable'.) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[insert details of the dates on which interest will be 
paid]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
7 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 196 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following 
Unadjusted Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and, if applicable, for the 
purposes of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes and CORRA Notes)): 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index / other – give details] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Reset Date(s): 
[•]/[As specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[The first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(iii)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days

--- Page 197 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / [Not Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(g) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
[Averaging 
Method]: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / Not Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
(i) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / 
Compounded Daily €STR / Compounded Daily SOFR 
/ Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded Daily 
TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
EURIBOR / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / SARON Compounded / 
[maturity] SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] 
STIBOR / TONA Tokyo Swap Rate / US Federal

--- Page 198 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate / other – give 
details] 
 
(b) 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]8 
 
(c) 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]9 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank of 
Canada Business Days preceding the Interest Period 
Relevant Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
/ [other]] 
 
(e) 
[Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•]]10 
 
(f) 
[Relevant 
[€STR/SONIA/TONA
] Page: 
[•]]11 
 
(g) 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]12 
 
(h) 
[[EURIBOR-
ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m. / 12 noon] (Frankfurt time) / [10:00 a.m. / 
3:00 p.m.] (Tokyo time)]13 
 
(i) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(j) 
[D: 
[360 / 365/ [•] / Not Applicable]14 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method / [other – give details] 
 
8 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
9 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes. 
10 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate. 
11 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes. 
12 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily CORRA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON 
Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR or STIBOR. 
13 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
14 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 199 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than SOFR Notes and 
CORRA Notes))): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please 
always select 'Not Applicable') 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation/Non-
Representativeness Version: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please 
always select 'Not Applicable') 
17. 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates on and 
prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date: 
[•] in each year, from (and including) [•] to (and 
including) the Floating Rate Commencement Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each Interest 
Payment Date to (and including) the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date [, except for the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [•]]15 
 
 
[For Singapore dollar-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, 
the following alternative wording is appropriate: Each 
Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a 
cent being rounded upwards)] 
 
 
[For CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed 
Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, the following alternative 
wording is appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon Amount 
shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest [CNY 0.01/HK$0.01], [CNY 0.005/ 
HK$0.005] being rounded upwards] 
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[Include this item if required: The Agent/[•] shall be 
the Calculation Agent]] 
 
15  Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 200 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on [•] 
[insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts that do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)]] 
 
(vi) 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[•] [, as adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention] / Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period rather than Interest 
Payment Dates will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise 
select 'Not Applicable'.) 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / 
Compounded Daily €STR / Compounded Daily SOFR 
/ Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded Daily 
TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
EURIBOR / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / SARON Compounded / 
[maturity] SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] 
STIBOR / TONA Tokyo Swap Rate / US Federal 
Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate / other – give 
details] 
 
(b) 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]16 
 
(c) 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]17 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank of 
Canada Business Days preceding the Interest Period 
Relevant Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
/ [other]] 
 
(e) 
[Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•]]18 
 
(f) 
[Relevant 
[€STR/SONIA/TONA
] Page: 
[•]]19 
 
16 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
17 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes. 
18 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate. 
19 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
 
(g) 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]20 
 
(h) 
[[EURIBOR-
ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m. / 12 noon] (Frankfurt time) / [10:00 a.m. / 
3:00 p.m.] (Tokyo time)]21 
 
(i) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift] / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / US Government Securities 
Business Days] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(j) 
[D: 
[360 / 365/ [•] / Not Applicable]22 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
On or prior to the Floating Rate Commencement Date: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
After the Floating Rate Commencement Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following 
Unadjusted Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment / other] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Fixed Rate of Interest: [30/360 / Actual/360 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / other – 
give details] 
 
 
Floating Rate of Interest: [30/360 / Actual/360 / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / other – 
give details] 
 
(xv) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)and, if applicable, 
for the purposes of Condition 
[Insert name of Calculation Agent and its specified 
office] 
 
20 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily CORRA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON 
Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR or STIBOR. 
21 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
22 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 202 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
6(f) (Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes and CORRA Notes)): 
 
(xvi) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those 
set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[give details] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than SOFR Notes and 
CORRA Notes)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please 
always select 'Not Applicable') 
 
(xviii) Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation/Non-
Representativeness Version: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please 
always select 'Not Applicable') 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (in the case of Swiss 
Notes, please always select 'Not Applicable') 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[e.g. consider whether it is necessary to specify an 
alternative Day Count Fraction]  
19. 
Index-linked Note Provisions23: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/formula: 
[(give or annex details)] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
coupon or redemption amount 
where calculation by reference 
to Index and/or formula is 
impossible or impracticable: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
23 
Where there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more 
securities in bearer form, such Index-linked Note may only be issued subject to the receipt of written pre-approval 
by UBS Group Tax-Americas.

--- Page 203 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following 
Unadjusted Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment / other – give details] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•]  
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•]  
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Insert Day Count Fraction and if not defined in the 
Conditions, define it here.] 
20. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[(give details)] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rates(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(not the Agent): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to 
Rate of Exchange impossible 
or impracticable: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Person at whose option 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount:24  
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Index/Formula/variable: 
[give or annex details]] 
[(ii) 
Calculation Agent 
responsible for calculating 
the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]] 
[(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculated by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other 
variable: 
[•]] 
 
24 
Where there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more 
securities in bearer form, such Index-linked Note may only be issued subject to the receipt of written pre-approval 
by UBS Group Tax-Americas.

--- Page 204 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
[(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
[(v) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other 
variable is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
[•]] 
[(vi) 
Payment Date: 
[•]] 
[(vii) 
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount]] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption on 
event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method 
of calculating the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Tax Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount / The 
Tax Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount will 
be the Amortised Face Amount per Calculation 
Amount as of the applicable Early Redemption Date 
or, if the Tax Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused when due, the Amortised Face 
Amount per Calculation Amount as of the Relevant 
Date] / [If the Notes are redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons), then the Tax 
Redemption Amount will be [•] (insert details)] 
23. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Fair Market Value): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Fair Market Value)) is applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / Not 
less than [•] nor more than [•] days' notice / [other]] 
24. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) is applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the period from 
and including [•] to but excluding [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[•]/ [Any date from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]]/[[•](the "Par Redemption Date")] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / Not 
less than [•] nor more than [•] days' notice / [other]]

--- Page 205 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
25. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption)) is applicable / Canada 
Yield Price is Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Dates(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond(s): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reinvestment Margin: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Reinvestment Rate 
Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / Not 
less than [•] nor more than [•] days' notice / [other]] 
26. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders: 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders) is applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable / As set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions / Not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice / [•]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]25 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[United States dollars / [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency: 
[Specified Currency / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Payment Event Cut-Off Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]26 
 
25 
Always select 'Not Applicable' in the case of Renminbi Notes. 
26 
Mark as 'Applicable' if the intention is for the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition to apply to the Notes. 
(Applying the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition should be specifically agreed for this issuance of Notes.)

--- Page 206 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
28. 
CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]27 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[[day/month/year] / Not Applicable]28 
 
(ii) 
CNY Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Base Currency: 
[United States dollars / [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Subject Currency: 
[Specified Currency / other] 
 
(v) 
Date Postponement: 
[Applicable, as per Condition 8(f)(iii)(A) / Not 
Applicable]29 
 
(vi) 
Payment of Equivalent 
Amount: 
[Applicable, as per Condition 8(f)(iii)(A) / Not 
Applicable]30 
 
(vii) 
Payment Event Cut-Off Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]31 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes32: 
 
 
[[Unrestricted Global Note] registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg [and Clearstream 
Frankfurt]/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[[Restricted Global Note] registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC]] 
 
 
[Unified Global Note] 
 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes]33 
 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
 
 
Any notice delivered by (or on behalf of) any 
Noteholder for purposes of electing to convert the 
Notes into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Form 
and 
Denomination – Registered Notes) shall be delivered 
 
27 
Only select 'Applicable' for Notes that are paid or settled in Renminbi. 
28 
Only include a Trade Date for any Renminbi Notes. 
29 
Where CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable to any Notes, Date Postponement applies unless 'Not 
Applicable' is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
30 
Where CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable to any Notes, Payment of Equivalent Amount applies unless 
'Not Applicable' is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
31 
Mark as 'Applicable' if the intention is for the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition to apply to the Notes. 
(Applying the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition should be specifically agreed for this issuance of Notes.) 
32 
Notes may be issued in bearer form also, subject to the receipt of written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-
Americas. 
Optional wording for bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[in the case of SIS Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch: Bearer SIS Notes] 
(No Bearer SIS Notes are to be issued by the Issuer acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich) 
33 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only.

--- Page 207 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
to [insert name/contact details/any other relevant 
information]] 34 
[Unrestricted Global Note deposited with a sub-
custodian for, and registered in the name of the HKMA 
as the operator of, the CMU] 
30. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
31. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Business Days: 
[•]35 
33. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes. The talons mature on [•]. / No] 
34. 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[As per the General Terms and Conditions/The 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply] 
35. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
36. 
Amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on 
late payment: 
[•] 
37. 
Condition 14(c) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]36 
38. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
[Where the Notes are to be issued into Australia (other 
than by UBS AG Australia Branch) and it is necessary 
or intended that the Notes should satisfy the 
requirements of Prudential Standard GPS 120, 
additional 
terms/provisions 
will 
need 
to 
be 
incorporated to ensure that the Notes are (1) in 
registered form, (2) evidenced by entries in a register 
kept in Australia, (3) cleared through the "Austraclear 
system", (4) constituted by an Australian law governed 
deed poll kept in Australia and (5) expressed to be 
payable in Australia except where prohibited by law.] 
[See additional Conditions in respect of the Notes 
cleared through the CMU in Annex 1 (Supplemental 
Conditions for Notes cleared through CMU) to this 
Pricing Supplement.] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for the Notes described herein [to be [listed 
on the official list and admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin's 
Global Exchange Market] [admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange] [admitted to trading [and listed] 
 
34 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
35 
List the financial centres or other days (e.g. T2 Settlement Day or US Government Securities Business Day) 
intended to be Business Days for the Notes.  Business Days should be specified for all Notes apart from Notes 
denominated in Renminbi, where "As per the General Terms and Conditions" can be specified instead. 
36 
Expected to be applicable for Swiss Notes.

--- Page 208 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
on [insert any other applicable trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland]] 
[specify any other non-regulated market] pursuant to the Euro Note Programme of UBS AG.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UBS AG [, acting through its [head office in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch]], as Issuer 
 
 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 209 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made for the Notes to be 
[admitted to the official list of [•] and] admitted to trading 
on [•] with effect from [on or about] [•].] / 
[The Notes have been provisionally admitted to trading on 
[the SIX Swiss Exchange / other trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland] with effect 
from [on or about] [•], and application will be made for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the SIX Swiss 
Exchange/other trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland]. The last trading day of 
the Notes is expected to be two [SIX Swiss Exchange / 
other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) 
in 
Switzerland] 
business 
days][Exchange 
Business Days (as defined below)] prior to the Maturity 
Date.] 
["Exchange Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the [SIX Swiss Exchange 
/ other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland] is open for general business.]] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Minimum trading size: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Required in case of Notes to be publicly offered in 
Switzerland and/or admitted to trading and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, if only multiple denominations can 
be traded) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
The Notes [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[•]] 
 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd.: 
[•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[•]] 
 
[[Other]*: 
[•]] 
 
*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified – for 
example "S&P Credit Market Services Europe Limited", rather than just Standard and Poor's. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act") and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor 
in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, and

--- Page 210 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
(b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled 
to receive the Base Listing Particulars or this Pricing Supplement and anyone who receives the 
Base Listing Particulars and/or this Pricing Supplement must not distribute it to any person who 
is not entitled to receive it. 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[[Save as discussed in "Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars,] so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer./[•]]] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general 
financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, outside 
Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under 
the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without 
payments in respect of the Notes becoming subject to 
withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a 
consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland 
(insert in the case of an issuance by a Branch)] / 
 
 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general 
financing requirements of the UBS AG Group (insert in 
the case of an issuance by the UBS Head Office)] / 
 
 
[The Notes are issued as Green Bonds and it is intended 
that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to 
finance, refinance or otherwise maintain new and existing 
Eligible Assets (which can be identified on a UBS AG 
Group-wide basis), as further described in the UBS Green 
Funding Framework [and below]. See "Use of Proceeds" 
in the [Base Prospectus / Base Listing Particulars][, as 
modified by this Pricing Supplement]37. 
 
 
["UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the UBS 
green funding framework dated [•], available at 
www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the same may be updated, 
amended and/or replaced from time to time. None of the 
UBS Green Funding Framework, any other certification, 
report or opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding 
Framework and/or the Notes or the contents of any 
website referred to above are incorporated in or form part 
of this Pricing Supplement. [As of [•], the Eligible Asset 
categories defined by the UBS Green Funding Framework 
are ["green buildings", being mortgages provided to new 
or existing commercial or residential buildings certified, 
or to be certified, by the following green building 
certification systems: Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-
 
37 
Insert if the below text reflects any relevant updates, amendments or other changes to the initial UBS Green 
Funding Framework as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section.

--- Page 211 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
A 38 ; or any other equivalent certification system as 
determined by UBS / other] / [•].]] 
 
 
If any UBS AG Group-wide Eligible Assets that are 
allocated to the Notes for purposes of the UBS Green 
Funding Framework are held by one of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate new or existing 
funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary as funding for the 
maintenance of such UBS AG Group-wide Eligible 
Assets. (insert in the case of an issuance of Green Bonds)] 
/ 
 
 
[Other] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•]] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis and names of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager (if 
any): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[UBS AG London Branch] / [•] 
 
[Total commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount / [•]] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions39: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D / TEFRA D in 
accordance with usual Swiss market practice / TEFRA not 
applicable; Rule 144A] 
 
Withholding under Section 871(m): 
[Not Applicable]40[The Notes are subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).] [Additional 
 
38 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy consumption 
buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and the Principality of 
Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new buildings and refurbishments: 
Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed requirements for certification, please visit 
www.minergie.ch. 
39 
TEFRA may be applicable where Notes are issued in bearer form or for Index-linked Notes where there is an 
option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more securities in bearer form. 
In such cases written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-Americas is required. TEFRA D in accordance with 
usual Swiss market practice should only be selected if the relevant legal requirements are met and UBS internal 
guidelines followed. 
40 
The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do not reference 
any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be "qualified indices" 
for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 1 January 2023. Delta-
One Notes and Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 2023 that reference a U.S. equity or index that

--- Page 212 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to the Notes will be available at [•]] 
 
Prohibition on sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, 'Not Applicable' should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, 'Applicable' 
should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition on sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, 'Not Applicable' should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, 'Applicable' should be 
specified.) 
 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable / give details]  
6. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[•] 
has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduction inaccurate or misleading.] 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated on the basis of the 
Issue Price at the Issue Date. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [BBSW Rate / CORRA / €STR / [maturity] EURIBOR / EURIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate® / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate® / [maturity] HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / SONIA / SONIA Compounded Index / SOFR / SOFR Index / 
[maturity] STIBOR / Swiss Average Rate Overnight / Tokyo Swap Rate / TONA / US Federal 
Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate®] can be obtained from [Reuters / Bloomberg / other].] 
9. 
[INDEX-LINKED OR OTHER VARIABLE-LINKED NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE 
OF INDEX/OTHER VARIABLE, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/other variable can be obtained and a clear and comprehensive explanation of how 
the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are 
most evident. [Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and a 
 
contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are 
Section 871(m) Notes.

--- Page 213 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
description if composed by the Issuer and if the index is not composed by the Issuer need to 
include details of where the information about the index can be obtained.] Need to include details 
of any adjustment rules with relation to events concerning the underlying.] 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
10. 
[DUAL CURRENCY NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE 
AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rate[s] 
can be obtained and a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
11. 
[BENCHMARKS 
 
[The BBSW Rate is provided by ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (ABN 38 616 075 417) / CORRA 
is provided by The Bank of Canada / €STR is provided by the European Central Bank / EURIBOR 
is provided by the European Money Markets Institute / EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate® is provided 
by ICE Benchmark Administration® Limited / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate® is provided by ICE 
Benchmark Administration® Limited / HIBOR is provided by the Hong Kong Association of 
Banks / NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS / The Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight is provided by SIX Index Ltd / SHIBOR is provided by the People's Bank of China / 
SOFR is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / SOFR Index is provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York / SONIA is provided by the Bank of England / SONIA 
Compounded Index is provided by the Bank of England / SOR is provided by ABS Benchmarks 
Administration Co. Pte Ltd / STIBOR is provided by the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
AB / Tokyo Swap Rate is provided by Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited / TONA is 
provided by the Bank of Japan / The US Federal Funds Rate is provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate® is provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration® Limited][repeat as necessary]. 
[[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears/does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] 
12. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
 
[CFI code: 
[•]] 
 
Swiss Valor: 
[•] 
 
[CMU Instrument Number: 
[•]] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] / 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper),][include this text for Registered 
Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will

--- Page 214 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "*no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper),][include this text 
for Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] 
 
Any clearing system(s) and the 
relevant identification number(s) (if 
applicable): 
[Not Applicable]/ [Euroclear Bank SA/NV / Clearstream 
Banking S.A. / Clearstream Banking AG / DTC / SIX SIS 
Ltd / CMU / [give name(s) and number(s)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[In the case of Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 
144A: 
[It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made [free 
of payment / against payment therefor] on [•], which will 
be the [•] business day following the date of the pricing of 
the Notes (this settlement cycle being referred to as 
"T+[•]"). Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades 
in the secondary market generally are required to settle in 
one business day, unless the parties to any such trade 
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who 
wish to trade the Notes on any date prior to the first 
business day before their delivery will be required, by 
virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle on 
T+[•], to specify alternative settlement arrangements to 
prevent a failed settlement.] 
 
[Principal Swiss Paying]41 Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its 
London Branch / U.S. Bank Trust National Association / 
UBS AG / UBS Switzerland AG / UBS Europe SE / [•]] 
 
Registrar: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch / U.S. Bank Trust National Association / UBS AG 
/ UBS Switzerland AG / UBS Europe SE / [[•] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
41 
Insert in the case of Swiss Notes.

--- Page 215 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
[Luxembourg Paying Agent: The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch] 
[Irish Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV Dublin Branch] 
 
[Agency Agreement: 
[The Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement dated 
[•]][The Supplemental Agency Agreement dated [•]]]42 
 
 
42 
Insert in the case of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes.

--- Page 216 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
[ANNEX 1 – SUPPLEMENTAL CONDITIONS FOR NOTES CLEARED THROUGH CMU]43 
In respect of the Notes described herein, the definitions of the following defined terms under Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall be deemed to be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Business Day" means (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each of the financial centres referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final 
Terms, (ii) if "T2" or "T2 Settlement Day" is referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final 
Terms, a day which is a T2 Settlement Day, and (iii) if "U.S. Government Securities Business Day" is 
referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final Terms, a weekday that is not a legal holiday 
in New York. In relation to Notes denominated in CNY only, "Business Day" is a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which (i) if the Notes are lodged with the CMU (as defined below), 
the CMU is operating and (ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settle CNY payments in Hong Kong and are not authorised or obligated by law or executive order to be 
closed. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which the banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which T2 is operating; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is in CNY, any day which is a day on which commercial banks in Hong 
Kong are open for business and settlement of CNY payments in Hong Kong; or 
(c) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or CNY, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment; and 
(d) 
if the Notes are lodged with the CMU, a day on which the CMU is operating. 
The following definitions shall be deemed added to Condition 1 (Definitions): 
"CMU Member" means any member of the CMU. 
"CMU Reference Manual" means the reference manual relating to the operation of the CMU issued by 
the HKMA to CMU Members, as amended from time to time. 
"CMU Rules" means all requirements of the CMU for the time being applicable to a CMU Member and 
includes, as amended from time to time (a) all the obligations for the time being applicable to a CMU 
Member under or by virtue of its membership agreement with the HKMA and the CMU Reference Manual, 
(b) all the operating procedures as set out in the CMU Reference Manual for the time being in force in so 
far as such procedures are applicable to a CMU Member and (c) any directions for the time being in force 
and applicable to a CMU Member given by the HKMA through any operational circulars or pursuant to 
any provision of its membership agreement with the HKMA or the CMU Reference Manual. 
Conditions 2(b)(ii) and 2(b)(iii) shall be deemed to be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the 
following: 
(ii) 
In the case of Bearer Notes initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note, such global note will be deposited with a depositary for one, or a common depositary or 
common safekeeper for more than one, clearing system, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
43 Insert in the case of CMU Notes.

--- Page 217 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg") and Clearstream 
Banking AG ("Clearstream Frankfurt"), the CMU or any other clearing system. 
(iii) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, Temporary Global Notes will be exchanged for either (i) 
a Permanent Global Note which will be held by a depositary for one, or a common depositary or 
common safekeeper for more than one, clearing system (including Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and the CMU), or (ii) serially numbered definitive notes, in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the Temporary Global Note. 
Conditions 7(k) shall be deemed to be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: 
(k) 
Partial redemption 
If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Redemption 
and Purchase – (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))), in the case of Bearer Notes 
(other than a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note), the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the relevant Agent approves and in such manner 
as the relevant Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules 
of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred 
to in Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be 
redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes 
to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate nominal amount 
of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Higher Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
If any of the Notes to be redeemed in part only in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) are represented by a global Note, such global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the nominal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in these 
General Terms and Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Condition 8(a)(ii) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(ii) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made in accordance with 
the following provisions: 
(A) 
In the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States or its possessions and, in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as required therein. 
(B) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant definitive Bearer Notes at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States or its possessions. 
(C) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto, against 
surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States or its possessions. 
(D) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes held in the CMU will be 
made to the CMU for their distribution, on the order of the holder of the Bearer Notes, to 
the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Bearer Note are credited as 
being held with the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the relevant time, and 
payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of that payment.

--- Page 218 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
Condition 8(a)(iii)) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered Notes 
(other than Registered Notes held in the CMU) will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the relevant Registrar as at 
close of business (local time) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which 
each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered Notes 
held in the CMU will be made to the CMU for their distribution, on the order of the holder of the 
Registered Notes, to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Registered Note 
are credited as being held with the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the relevant time, 
and payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
that payment. 
Condition 8(e)(ii) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(ii) 
The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the appointment of an Agent or any other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, or any Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
Transfer Agents, or another Registrar. The Issuer will at all times maintain (A) an Agent, (B) a 
Registrar, (C) so long as any Notes are accepted for clearance through the CMU, a CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent, (D) if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Calculation 
Agent, (E) in respect of Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and/or 
such other applicable Relevant Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will at all times maintain at least one 
Swiss paying agent having a specified office in Switzerland if then required by the regulations of 
such Relevant Swiss Exchange and (F) for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competition authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (or any 
other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland) which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent in any 
particular place, a Paying Agent and/or (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent having 
its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange, quotation 
system and/or trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility). In respect of Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Calculation Agent (on or after the 
Interest Determination Date for the first Interest Period). 
Condition 13(a) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(a) 
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) 
In relation to Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes), notices to Noteholders will, save where 
another means of effective communication has been specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
deemed to be validly given if: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Note and Notes 
cleared through the CMU), published in one leading English language daily newspaper with 
circulation in London or, if this is not possible, in one other leading English language daily 
newspaper with circulation in Europe; (ii) in the case of Bearer Notes cleared through the CMU, 
published in one leading English language daily newspaper with circulation in Hong Kong or, if 
this is not possible, in one other leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Asia; and, (iii) in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com). 
Condition 13(c) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(c) 
Global Notes (Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Registered Notes) 
If any of the Notes are represented by a global note which is held by a depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or both, a nominee on behalf of DTC and/or a sub-custodian 
for the CMU and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper then in relation to 
such Notes, notice may be given to the Noteholders by being delivered to Euroclear and

--- Page 219 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC, the CMU and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
communication by them to the Persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein 
(provided that, in the case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, a notice is published in a daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg, which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com). Any notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if so published more than once, on 
the date of first publication. If publication is not practicable in any such newspaper, notice will be 
validly given if made in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date 
as the relevant Agent may approve.]

--- Page 220 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 206 - 
 
 
PRO FORMA ALTERNATIVE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes which is not issued under the Prospectus 
Regulation regime will be substantially in the following form, duly completed, supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for 
completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, (THE 
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION") SHALL BE PRODUCED WITH RESPECT TO THESE 
NOTES. ANY OFFER MUST BE COMPLIANT WITH ARTICLE 1(4) OF THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION AND ANY SELLING RESTRICTIONS. 
[PROHIBITION ON SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II], EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]1] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]2]. 
 
1 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution may be deemed 
appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the appropriate target market for the 
Notes being issued. 
2 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution may be deemed 
appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the appropriate target market for the 
Notes being issued.

--- Page 221 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 207 - 
 
 
[Consider any negative target market]3. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any [person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services] 
[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable].] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
 
3 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]" 
4 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]"

--- Page 222 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 208 - 
 
 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 
The Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
UBS AG, 
acting through its [head offices in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] due [•] 
under the UBS AG Euro Note Programme 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been prepared 
on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer 
in that Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances.  The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base listing particulars for the purposes of [admission 
to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin / the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange / the Vienna MTF Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange / other non-regulated market] / 
[the issue of unlisted Notes]]. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with such Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Listing Particulars [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars] [is] [are] [available for viewing at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, Riverside II, Sir 
John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.][available at The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited, Level 26, HSBC Main Building, 1 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.][available at UBS 
Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, P.O. Box 8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered 
by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Noteholders should read and understand the risk 
factors in the Base Listing Particulars. Noteholders should understand that such risk factors are not 
exhaustive. 
The Notes have not and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or any state securities laws in the United States and are being offered and sold 
outside the United States to non-US persons (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) in reliance on the exemption from registration provided pursuant to Regulation S. 
The Notes (a) may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to the account 
of any US Person (as defined in Regulation S) and (b) may be offered, sold or otherwise transferred only 
to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission). Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S will initially be represented by one or more permanent 
global notes in registered form without interest coupons (each, a "Regulation S Global Note"), deposited 
with or on behalf of a common depository for Euroclear, Clearstream [or with a sub-custodian for the

--- Page 223 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 209 - 
 
 
CMU]. Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may be held only through Euroclear, Clearstream 
[or the CMU], except in the limited circumstances described in the Base Listing Particulars. Investors may 
hold their interests in a Regulation S Global Note directly through Euroclear, Clearstream [or the CMU], if 
they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such 
systems. 
Issue Price and Commissions 
The Issue Price in respect of the Notes may not be an accurate reflection of the market value of the Notes 
as at the Issue Date. The price at which the Notes may be sold in secondary market transactions may be 
lower or higher than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price in respect of the Notes may take into 
account, amongst other things, any commissions, fees or other compensation payable in connection with 
the Notes. More generally, fees and commissions may be paid to third parties in respect of the Notes – 
further details can be requested from the Issuer. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 
[original date] [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]]. This document constitutes 
the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of [admission to trading on the 
[Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin / Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market / other – please specify] / [the issue of unlisted Notes]] and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental 
Base Listing Particulars dated [date]], save in respect of the General Terms and Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Listing Particulars dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]] [and are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the General Terms 
and Conditions and the Base Listing Particulars dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]]. [The Base Listing Particulars [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars] 
[is] [are] [available for viewing at [https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin / other – please 
specify]] and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through 
its London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 
Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, Riverside II, Sir John 
Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.][available at The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited, Level 26, HSBC Main Building, 1 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.][available at UBS 
Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, P.O. Box 8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be 
ordered by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-
prospectus@ubs.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable' (N/A)/to be deleted. Italics denote 
guidance for completing this Pricing Supplement. If the first Tranche of an issue that is being increased 
was issued under a base listing particulars with an earlier date, it may be appropriate to include items or 
options from the earlier pro forma pricing supplement that match the conditions applicable to that first 
Tranche and/or that are applicable to the Tranche of Notes being issued.] 
Product Structure 
[The Note is a product that offers Investors [•] Interest payments. The Rate of Interest is [•]. Investors will 
receive [•]/[100] per cent. of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount in cash on the Maturity Date.] 
Main Details 
 
Issuer: 
UBS AG acting out of its [[•] branch] [head offices in Basel and 
Zurich]

--- Page 224 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 210 - 
 
 
Main Details 
 
Issuer's rating: 
[•] Moody's Investors Service Ltd. / [•] S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited / [•] Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited / [•] Scope Ratings AG / 
[[•] [other]]* (as of [insert day when the rating was checked]) 
 
* The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the 
rating should be specified – for example "S&P Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited", rather than just Standard and Poor's. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) 
who is not a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia ("Corporations Act") and is also 
a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in 
respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of 
the Corporations Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive 
credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any jurisdiction 
in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person 
is not entitled to receive the Base Listing Particulars or this Pricing 
Supplement and anyone who receives the Base Listing Particulars 
and/or this Pricing Supplement must not distribute it to any person 
who is not entitled to receive it.] 
Status: 
[Senior / Subordinated] 
[Series Number: 
[number/year, e.g. 1/00]] 
[Tranche Number: 
[number, e.g. 1]] 
Security Numbers: 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Valor: 
[•] 
 
WKN: 
[•] 
Common 
Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
[CFI Code: 
[•]] 
 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
 
 
 
CMU 
Instrument 
Number: 
[•] 
 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 225 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 211 - 
 
 
Main Details 
 
Specified Denominations / 
Nominal: 
[currency / amount for each denomination] [and integral multiples of 
[CCY] [•] in excess thereof]5 
 
[If the Notes will be issued in or into Australia, the denominations 
may be any amount provided that the minimum aggregate 
consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or the 
equivalent in another currency, in either case disregarding moneys 
lent by the offeror or to its associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance 
with Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act 2001 of 
Australia.] 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
[Original Issue Discount (OID): 
[No] / [Yes. [insert description of tax consequences of a Note with 
original issue discount]] / [Not Applicable]]6 
Specified Currenc[y]/[ies]: 
[•] 
 
Dates 
 
Pricing Date: 
[•] 
Issue Date: 
[day/month/year] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[day/month/year] / [Issue Date] 
[Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes only] in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted]] 
Redemption Date / Maturity 
Date: 
[day/month/year] [For Floating Rate Notes (if applicable) or CNY 
or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification, insert: the Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
[Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] / [Any date from and including [•] to but excluding [•]] 
 
5 
Notes may be issued in any denomination(s), subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements save that (i) the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public either in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under either the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) and (ii) Notes in registered form sold pursuant to Rule 
144A shall be issued in denominations of at least US$100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency rounded 
upwards as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement) and higher integral multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its 
equivalent as aforesaid). 
6 
OID disclosure is only required for Notes denominated in US dollars. For Notes denominated in other currencies, 
select 'Not Applicable' or delete.

--- Page 226 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 212 - 
 
 
Dates 
 
Information on Underlying 
 
[Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination / any other]] 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[CHF-SARON 
/ 
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
(if 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP 
SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index / other – give 
details] 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(d) 
Reset Date(s): 
[•]/[As specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[The first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in [(iii)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
-  Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable Business Days] 
(g) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- [Averaging Method]: 
[Averaging with Lookback

--- Page 227 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 213 - 
 
 
Dates 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / Not 
Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable Business Days] 
(i) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
-  Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / Not 
Applicable] 
[Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / Compounded Daily 
€STR / Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate / 
[maturity] EURIBOR / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / SARON Compounded / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] STIBOR / TONA Tokyo 
Swap Rate / US Federal Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate / 
other – give details] 
(b) 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]7 
(c) 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]8 
(d) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank of Canada 
Business Days preceding the Interest Period Relevant Date in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period / [other]] 
(e) 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]]9 
 
7 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
8 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes. 
9 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate.

--- Page 228 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 214 - 
 
 
Dates 
 
(f) 
[Relevant 
[€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
Page: 
[•]]10 
(g) 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]11 
(h) 
[[EURIBOR-
ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m./12 noon] (Frankfurt time)/[10:00 a.m./3:00 p.m.] (Tokyo 
time)]]12 
(i) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift / Not Applicable]  
(j) 
[D: 
[360 / 365 / [•] / Not Applicable]13 
 
Interest Rate 
 
[Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[BBSW Rate] / [Compounded Daily CORRA] / [EURIBOR] / 
[HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded Daily 
SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / [STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal 
Funds Rate] / [SARON Compounded]/ [other] +/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index-linked Interest] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)]] 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes only] in 
accordance with [specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of "Business 
Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
10 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes. 
11 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR 
or STIBOR.  Delete in the case of CORRA Notes. 
12 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
13 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 229 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 215 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount[, except for the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [•]14] 
 
[For Singapore dollar-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, the 
following alternative wording is appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent 
being rounded upwards)] 
 
[For CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, the 
following alternative wording is appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest [CNY 
0.01/HK$0.01], [CNY 0.005/ HK$0.005] being rounded upwards] 
[Party responsible for calculating 
the Fixed Coupon Amounts(s):] 
[Include this item if required: The Agent/[•] shall be the 
Calculation Agent] 
Broken Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [•] [insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] / Not Applicable] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
/ Actual/365 /  Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / other] 
[Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[give details]]] 
[Indication of yield: 
[•]] 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Specified Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are alternatives. A 
Specified Period rather than Interest Payment Dates will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise 
select 'Not Applicable'.) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[insert details of the dates on which interest will be paid]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating 
Rate Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following Unadjusted 
 
14 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 230 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 216 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following Unadjusted 
Business Day Convention / No Adjustment / Not Applicable] 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s) and, if 
applicable, for the purposes of 
Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes)): 
[Agent/U.S. Bank Trust National Association/other] 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / 
GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / 
JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index / other 
– give details] 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
Reset Date(s): 
[•]/[As specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[The first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out above and as specified in the 
ISDA Definitions] 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 231 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 217 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Averaging Method]: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / Applicable Business Days] 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / Not 
Applicable] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / Compounded Daily 
€STR / Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate / 
[maturity] EURIBOR / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / SARON Compounded / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] STIBOR / TONA Tokyo 
Swap Rate / US Federal Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate 
/ other – give details] 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]15 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]16 
 
15 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
16 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes.

--- Page 232 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 218 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank of Canada 
Business Days preceding the Interest Period Relevant Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period / [other]] 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]]17 
[Relevant [€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
Page: 
[•]]18 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]19 
[[EURIBOR-ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m. / 12 noon] (Frankfurt time) / [10:00 a.m. / 3:00 p.m.] 
(Tokyo time)]20 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift / Not Applicable]  
- 
Lag Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / Tokyo Banking 
Days / US Government Securities Business Days] / Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / Tokyo Banking 
Days / US Government Securities Business Days] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
[D: 
[360 / 365 / [•] / Not Applicable]21 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
/ Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method / [other – give details] 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes, if different from those 
set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[•] 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
17 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate. 
18 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes. 
19 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR 
or STIBOR.  Delete in the case of CORRA Notes. 
20 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
21 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 233 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 219 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes))): 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please always 
select 'Not Applicable') 
Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation/Non-
Representativeness Version: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please always 
select 'Not Applicable') 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes, if different from those 
set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[•] 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
Interest Payment Dates on and 
prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date: 
[•] in each year, from (and including) [•] to (and including) the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each Interest Payment Date 
to (and including) the Floating Rate Commencement Date [, except 
for the Interest Payment Date falling on [•]]22 
 
[For Singapore dollar-denominated Fixed Rate Notes, the 
following alternative wording is appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent 
being rounded upwards)] 
 
[For CNY or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, the 
following alternative wording is appropriate: Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest [CNY 
0.01/HK$0.01], [CNY 0.005/ HK$0.005] being rounded upwards] 
[Party responsible for calculating 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[Include this item if required: The Agent/[•] shall be the 
Calculation Agent]] 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [•] [insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts that do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]] 
 
22  Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 234 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 220 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[•] [, as adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention]] / [Not Applicable] 
Specified Period(s): 
[•][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are alternatives. A 
Specified Period rather than Interest Payment Dates will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise 
select 'Not Applicable'.) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW Rate / Compounded Daily CORRA / Compounded Daily 
€STR / Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily TONA / EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate / 
[maturity] EURIBOR / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate / [maturity] 
HIBOR / [maturity] NIBOR / SARON Compounded / [maturity] 
SHIBOR / [maturity] SOR / [maturity] STIBOR / TONA Tokyo 
Swap Rate / US Federal Funds Rate / USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate 
/ other – give details] 
[Designated Maturity: 
[•]]23 
[Index Determination: 
Applicable / Not Applicable]24 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] / [For CORRA Notes: The date that is two Bank of Canada 
Business Days preceding the Interest Period Relevant Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period / [other]] 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]]25 
[Relevant [€STR/SONIA/TONA] 
Page: 
[•]]26 
[Relevant Time: 
[•]]27 
 [[EURIBOR-ISR/TONA-TSR] 
Applicable Time: 
[11:00 a.m./12 noon] (Frankfurt time)/[10:00 a.m./3:00 p.m.] 
(Tokyo time)]]28 
 
23 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate, GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate or 
TONA Tokyo Swap Rate. 
24 
Only to be included for CORRA Notes, SOFR Notes and SONIA Notes. 
25 
Delete in the case of CORRA Notes, SARON Notes, SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes or if the 
Reference Rate is the US Federal Funds Rate or the BBSW Rate. 
26 
Only to be included for €STR Notes, SONIA Notes and TONA Notes. 
27 
Only to be included for a Reference Rate that is not the BBSW Rate, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily TONA, EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR 
or STIBOR.  Delete in the case of CORRA Notes. 
28 
Only to be included if the Reference Rate is the EUR EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the TONA Tokyo Swap Rate.

--- Page 235 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 221 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Shift / Not Applicable]  
- 
Lag Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / Tokyo Banking 
Days / US Government Securities Business Days] / Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[•] [London Banking Days / T2 Settlement Days / Tokyo Banking 
Days / US Government Securities Business Days] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
[D: 
[360 / 365 / [•] / Not Applicable]29 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
Business Day Convention: 
On or prior to the Floating Rate Commencement Date: Not 
Applicable 
 
After the Floating Rate Commencement Date: [Following Business 
Day Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate Convention / 
Eurodollar Convention / Following Unadjusted Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Unadjusted Business Day 
Convention / No Adjustment / other] 
Day Count Fraction: 
Fixed Rate of Interest: [30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual Canadian Compound 
Method / other – give details] 
 
Floating Rate of Interest: [30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/ Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual Canadian Compound 
Method / other – give details] 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)and, if 
applicable, for the purposes of 
Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes)): 
[Insert name of Calculation Agent and its specified office] 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, if 
[give details] / [Not Applicable] 
 
29 
Only to be included for €STR Notes.

--- Page 236 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 222 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
different from those set out in the 
General Terms and Conditions: 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes and CORRA 
Notes)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please always 
select 'Not Applicable') 
Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation/Non-
Representativeness Version: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(In the case of SOFR Notes and CORRA Notes, please always 
select 'Not Applicable') 
[Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (in the case of Swiss Notes, please 
always select 'Not Applicable')] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum] 
[Reference Price: 
[•]] 
[Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[e.g. consider whether it is necessary to specify an alternative Day 
Count Fraction]]  
[Index-linked Note Provisions30: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Index/formula: 
[(give or annex details)] 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s): 
[Agent/U.S. Bank Trust National Association/other] 
Provisions for determining 
coupon or redemption amount 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or formula is 
impossible or impracticable: 
[•] 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating 
Rate Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following Unadjusted 
 
30 
Where there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more 
securities in bearer form, such Index Linked Note may only be issued subject to the receipt of written pre-approval 
by UBS Group Tax-Americas.

--- Page 237 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 223 - 
 
 
Interest Rate 
 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following Unadjusted 
Business Day Convention / No Adjustment / other – give details] 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•]  
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•]  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Insert Day Count Fraction and if not defined in the Conditions, 
define it here.] 
[Performance of 
index/formula/other variable, 
explanation of effect on value of 
investment and associated risks 
and other information concerning 
the underlying: 
[•]] 
[The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify 
what information will be reported and where it can be obtained]] 
[does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
[Dual Currency Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[(give details)]] 
[Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rates(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(not the Agent): 
[•]] 
[Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[•]] 
[Person at whose option 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[•]] 
[Performance of rate[s] of 
exchange and explanation of 
effect on value of investment: 
[•]] 
[Need to include details of where 
past and future performance and 
volatility of the relevant rate[s] 
can be obtained and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of 
how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the 
circumstances when the risks are 
most evident: 
[•]]

--- Page 238 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 224 - 
 
 
Redemption 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Index/Formula/variable: 
[give or annex details]] 
[(ii) 
Calculation Agent 
responsible for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[•]] 
[(iii) 
Provisions for 
determining Final 
Redemption Amount 
where calculated by 
reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or 
other variable: 
[•]] 
[(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•]] 
[(v) 
Provisions for 
determining Final 
Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is 
impossible or 
impracticable or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[•]] 
[(vi) 
Payment Date: 
[•]] 
[(vii) 
Minimum Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount]] 
[(viii) Maximum Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount]] 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption 
on event of default or 
other early redemption 
and/or the method of 
calculating the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Tax Redemption 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount / [The Tax 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount will be the 
Amortised Face Amount per Calculation Amount as of the 
applicable Early Redemption Date or, if the Tax Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused when due, the 
Amortised Face Amount per Calculation Amount as of the 
Relevant Date] / [If the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 
7(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Taxation

--- Page 239 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 225 - 
 
 
Redemption 
 
Reasons), then the Tax Redemption Amount will be [•] (insert 
details)] 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Fair Market Value): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(c) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Fair Market Value)) is 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / Not less than [•] 
nor more than [•] days' notice / [other]] 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(d) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the period from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date:  
[•]/ [Any date from and including [•] to but excluding [•]]/[[•](the 
"Par Redemption Date")] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / Not less than [•] 
nor more than [•] days' notice / [other]] 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(v) 
Higher Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Make-Whole 
Redemption): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption)) 
is applicable / Canada Yield Price is Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Dates(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Reference Bond(s): 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reinvestment Margin: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Reinvestment Rate 
Determination Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Terms and Conditions / Not less than [•] 
nor more than [•] days' notice / [other]]

--- Page 240 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 226 - 
 
 
Redemption 
 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders: 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(g) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable / As set out in the General Terms and Conditions 
/ Not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice / [•]] 
[Other Redemption Details: 
[(Insert details)]] 
 
General Information 
 
[Calculation Agent: 
[UBS AG, London Branch / The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking 
Corporation Limited / [•]] 
[Principal Swiss Paying]31 
[Paying] Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
/ UBS Head Office / UBS AG / UBS Switzerland AG / UBS Europe 
SE / The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited / 
[•]] 
Registrar: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch / 
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited] / Not 
Applicable] 
Listing: 
[Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin] [Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [•] [None] 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin][Euro 
MTF 
Market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange][•] with 
effect from [on or about] [the Issue Date].] [Not Applicable] 
 
[No guarantee is given that the Notes will be listed and admitted to 
trading on the Issue Date.] 
[Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating 
Rate Convention / Eurodollar Convention / Following Unadjusted 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following Unadjusted 
Business Day Convention / No Adjustment / other – give details] 
[Business Days: 
[List the financial centres or other days (e.g. T2 Settlement Day 
or US Government Securities Business Day) intended to be 
Business Days for the Notes.  Business Days should be specified 
for all Notes apart from Notes denominated in Renminbi, where 
"As per the General Terms and Conditions" can be specified 
instead.] 
 
31 
Insert in the case of Swiss Notes.

--- Page 241 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 227 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
[Any clearing system(s) and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
(if applicable): 
[Not Applicable]/ [Euroclear Bank SA/NV / Clearstream Banking 
S.A. / Clearstream Banking AG / DTC / SIX SIS Ltd / CMU / [give 
name(s) and number(s)]] 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]32 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[United States dollars / [•]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency 
[Specified Currency / [•]] 
(iii) 
Payment Event Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]33 
CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]34 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[[day/month/year] / Not Applicable]35 
(ii) 
CNY Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong / [•]] 
(iii) 
Base Currency: 
[United States dollars / [•]] 
(iv) 
Subject Currency: 
[Specified Currency / other] 
(v) 
Date Postponement:  
[Applicable, as per Condition 8(f)(iii)(A) / Not Applicable]36 
(vi) 
Payment of Equivalent 
Amount: 
[Applicable, as per Condition 8(f)(iii)(A) / Not Applicable]37 
(vii) 
Payment Event Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]38 
Condition 14(c): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes39: 
 
[[Unrestricted Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear, Clearstream 
 
32 
Always select 'Not Applicable' in the case of Renminbi Notes. 
33 
Mark as 'Applicable' if the intention is for the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition to apply to the Notes. 
(Applying the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition should be specifically agreed for this issuance of Notes.) 
34 
Only select 'Applicable' for Notes that are paid or settled in Renminbi. 
35 
Only include a Trade Date for any Renminbi Notes. 
36 
Where CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable to any Notes, Date Postponement applies unless 'Not 
Applicable' is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
37 
Where CNY Payment Disruption Event is applicable to any Notes, Payment of Equivalent Amount applies unless 
'Not Applicable' is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
38 
Mark as 'Applicable' if the intention is for the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition to apply to the Notes. 
(Applying the Payment Event Cut-Off Date condition should be specifically agreed for this issuance of Notes.) 
39 
Notes may be issued in bearer form also, subject to the receipt of written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-
Americas. Optional wording for bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes]

--- Page 242 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 228 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
Luxembourg 
[and 
Clearstream 
Frankfurt]/[a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg]]/[Unrestricted Global Note deposited with a sub-
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee for the 
HKMA as the operator of, the CMU]] 
 
[[Restricted Global Note] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC]] 
 
[Unified Global Note] 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes]40 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
 
Any notice delivered by (or on behalf of) any Noteholder for 
purposes of electing to convert the Notes into Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii) (Form of 
Denomination – Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes), shall be 
delivered to [insert name/contact details/any other relevant 
information]] 41 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]] 
[New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions42: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA D in 
accordance with usual Swiss market practice/TEFRA not 
applicable; Rule 144A] 
Governing Law / Jurisdiction: 
[•] 
[Interests of Natural and Legal 
Persons involved in the Issue]: 
[•]/[Save as discussed in "Selling Restrictions" in the Base 
Listing Particulars, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer./[•]]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[In the case of Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 144A: 
[It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made [free of 
payment / against payment therefor] on [•], which will be the [•] 
business day following the date of the pricing of the Notes (this 
settlement cycle being referred to as "T+[•]"). Under Rule 15c6-1 
of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are 
required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[in the case of SIS Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch: Bearer SIS Notes] 
(No Bearer SIS Notes are to be issued by the Issuer acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich) 
40 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
41 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
42 
TEFRA may be applicable where Notes are issued in bearer form or for Index Linked Notes where there is an 
option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more securities in bearer form. 
In such cases written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-Americas is required. TEFRA D in accordance with 
usual Swiss market practice should only be selected if the relevant legal requirements are met and UBS internal 
guidelines followed.

--- Page 243 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 229 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish 
to trade the Notes on any date prior to the first business day before 
their delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes 
initially will settle on T+[•], to specify alternative settlement 
arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.] 
Prohibition on sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, 'Not Applicable' should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 'Applicable' should be 
specified.) 
Prohibition on sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, 'Not Applicable' should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
'Applicable' should be specified.) 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[The BBSW Rate is provided by ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited 
(ABN 38 616 075 417)] / CORRA is provided by The Bank of 
Canada / €STR is provided by the European Central Bank / 
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute / 
EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate® is provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration® Limited / GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate® is 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration® Limited / HIBOR is 
provided by the Hong Kong Association of Banks / NIBOR is 
provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS / The Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is provided by SIX Index Ltd / SHIBOR 
is provided by the People's Bank of China / SOFR is provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / SOFR Index is provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / SONIA is provided by 
the Bank of England / SONIA Compounded Index is provided by 
the Bank of England / SOR is provided by ABS Benchmarks 
Administration Co. Pte Ltd / STIBOR is provided by the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB / Tokyo Swap Rate is provided 
by Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited / TONA is 
provided by the Bank of Japan / The US Federal Funds Rate is 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York / USD SOFR 
ICE Swap Rate® is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration® 
Limited][repeat as necessary]. 
[[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears/does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] 
[Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
[Yes. The talons mature on [•] / No.]]

--- Page 244 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 230 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable / give details]] 
[Amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is 
to be made and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, including 
any right of the Issuer to forfeit 
the Notes and interest due on 
late payment: 
[•]] 
[Other final terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Where the Notes are to be issued into Australia (other than by 
UBS AG Australia Branch) and it is necessary or intended that 
the Notes should satisfy the requirements of Prudential 
Standard GPS 120, additional terms/provisions will need to be 
incorporated to ensure that the Notes are (1) in registered form, 
(2) evidenced by entries in a register kept in Australia, (3) 
cleared through the "Austraclear system", (4) constituted by an 
Australian law governed deed poll kept in Australia and (5) 
expressed to be payable in Australia except where prohibited by 
law.][See additional Conditions in respect of the Notes cleared 
through the CMU in Annex 1 (Supplemental Conditions for 
Notes cleared through CMU) to this Final Terms] 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general financing 
requirements of the UBS AG Group, outside Switzerland unless 
use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in 
force from time to time without payments in respect of the Notes 
becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss 
withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland (insert in the case of an issuance by a Branch)] / 
 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general financing 
requirements of the UBS AG Group (insert in the case of an 
issuance by the UBS Head Office)] / 
 
[The Notes are issued as Green Bonds and it is intended that the 
Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to finance, refinance or 
otherwise maintain new and existing Eligible Assets (which can 
be identified on a UBS AG Group-wide basis), as further 
described in the UBS Green Funding Framework [and below]. 
See "Use of Proceeds" in the [Base Prospectus / Base Listing

--- Page 245 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 231 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
Particulars][, as modified by this [Final Terms/ Pricing 
Supplement]43]. 
 
["UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the UBS green 
funding 
framework 
dated 
[•], 
available 
at 
www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the same may be updated, 
amended and/or replaced from time to time. None of the UBS 
Green Funding Framework, any other certification, report or 
opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding Framework and/or 
the Notes or the contents of any website referred to above are 
incorporated in or form part of this Pricing Supplement. [As of 
[•], the Eligible Asset categories defined by the UBS Green 
Funding Framework are ["green buildings", being mortgages 
provided to new or existing commercial or residential buildings 
certified, or to be certified, by the following green building 
certification systems: Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-A44; or 
any other equivalent certification system as determined by UBS 
/ other] / [•].]] 
 
If any UBS AG Group-wide Eligible Assets that are allocated to 
the Notes for purposes of the UBS Green Funding Framework 
are held by one of the Issuer's subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to 
allocate new or existing funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary 
as funding for the maintenance of such UBS AG Group-wide 
Eligible Assets. (insert in the case of an issuance of Green 
Bonds)] / 
 
[Other] 
[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]] 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•]] 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
[If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.)] 
[Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•]] 
[Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[•]] 
[If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[UBS AG London Branch] / [•]] 
 
43 
Insert if the below text reflects any relevant updates, amendments or other changes to the initial UBS Green 
Funding Framework as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section. 
44 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy consumption 
buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and the Principality of 
Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new buildings and refurbishments: 
Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed requirements for certification, please visit 
www.minergie.ch.

--- Page 246 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 232 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
[Total commission and 
concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount / [•]] 
[Withholding under Section 
817(m): 
[Not Applicable] 45 [The Notes are subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).] [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available at [•]]] 
[Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable /give details]] 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered Notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met] / 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one  
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered Notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met]] 
[Names and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[Luxembourg Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch] 
 
 
[Irish Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV 
Dublin Branch]] 
[Agency Agreement: 
[The Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement dated [•]][The 
Supplemental Agency Agreement dated [•]] [The Supplemental 
Agency Agreement dated [•]]46 
 
45 
The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do not reference 
any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be "qualified indices" 
for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 1 January 2023. Delta-
One Notes or Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 2023 that reference a U.S. equity or index that 
contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are 
Section 871(m) Notes. 
46 
In the case of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes.

--- Page 247 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 233 - 
 
 
General Information 
 
[Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment] 
[In the case of Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 144A: 
[It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made [free of 
payment / against payment therefor] on [•], which will be the [•] 
business day following the date of the pricing of the Notes (this 
settlement cycle being referred to as "T+[•]"). Under Rule 15c6-1 
of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are 
required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such 
trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish 
to trade the Notes on any date prior to the first business day before 
their delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes 
initially will settle on T+[•], to specify alternative settlement 
arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.] 
[Responsibility statement and 
third party information: 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
[the Base Listing Particulars as amended and supplemented as of 
the date hereof and] this Pricing Supplement. [To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer (who has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case) the information contained in the Base 
Listing Particulars as amended and supplemented as of the date 
hereof together with this Pricing Supplement is correct and no 
material facts or circumstances have been omitted therefrom.]. [[•] 
has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduction 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Material changes: 
Except as disclosed in the Base Listing Particulars as amended and 
supplemented as of the date hereof, no material changes have 
occurred in the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position or 
profits and losses since [insert the balance sheet date of the Issuer's 
most recently published annual or interim financial statements].] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
[Not Applicable] [This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for the Notes 
described herein to be listed on the [official list of Euronext Dublin][official list of Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange][official list of the Vienna Stock Exchange] and admitted to trading on the [Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin][Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] [specify any other non-regulated market] 
pursuant to the Euro Note Programme of UBS AG.] 
Signed on behalf UBS AG [, acting through its [head office in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch], as 
Issuer: 
 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
Schedule 1: Market Disruption Events 
[[•]]47 
 
47 
To be updated as necessary on a trade by trade basis.

--- Page 248 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 234 - 
 
 
[ANNEX 1 – SUPPLEMENTAL CONDITIONS FOR NOTES CLEARED THROUGH CMU]48 
In respect of the Notes described herein, the definitions of the following defined terms under Condition 1 
shall be deemed to be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Business Day" means (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each of the financial centres referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final 
Terms, (ii) if "T2" or "T2 Settlement Day" is referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final 
Terms, a day which is a T2 Settlement Day, and (iii) if "U.S. Government Securities Business Day" is 
referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final Terms, a weekday that is not a legal holiday 
in New York. In relation to Notes denominated in Renminbi only, "Business Day" is a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which (i) if the Notes are lodged with the CMU (as defined below), 
the CMU is operating and (ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settle Renminbi payments in Hong Kong and are not authorised or obligated by law or executive order to 
be closed. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which the banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which T2 is operating; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is in CNY, any day which is a day on which commercial banks in Hong 
Kong are open for business and settlement of CNY payments in Hong Kong; or 
(c) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or CNY, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment; and 
(d) 
if the Notes are lodged with the CMU, a day on which the CMU is operating. 
The following definitions shall be deemed added to Condition 1: 
"CMU Member" means any member of the CMU. 
"CMU Reference Manual" means the reference manual relating to the operation of the CMU issued by 
the HKMA to CMU Members, as amended from time to time. 
"CMU Rules" means all requirements of the CMU for the time being applicable to a CMU Member and 
includes, as amended from time to time (a) all the obligations for the time being applicable to a CMU 
Member under or by virtue of its membership agreement with the HKMA and the CMU Reference Manual, 
(b) all the operating procedures as set out in the CMU Reference Manual for the time being in force in so 
far as such procedures are applicable to a CMU Member and (c) any directions for the time being in force 
and applicable to a CMU Member given by the HKMA through any operational circulars or pursuant to 
any provision of its membership agreement with the HKMA or the CMU Reference Manual. 
Conditions 2(b)(ii) and 2(b)(iii) shall be deemed to be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the 
following: 
(ii) 
In the case of Bearer Notes initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note, such global note will be deposited with a depositary for one, or a common depositary or 
 
48 
Insert in the case of CMU Notes.

--- Page 249 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 235 - 
 
 
common safekeeper for more than one, clearing system, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg") and Clearstream 
Banking AG ("Clearstream Frankfurt"), the CMU or any other clearing system. 
(iii) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, Temporary Global Notes will be exchanged for either (i) 
a Permanent Global Note which will be held by a depositary for one, or a common depositary or 
common safekeeper for more than one, clearing system (including Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and the CMU), or (ii) serially numbered definitive notes, in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the Temporary Global Note. 
Conditions 7(k) shall be deemed to be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: 
(k) 
Partial redemption 
If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), in the case of Bearer Notes (other than a Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the relevant Agent approves and in such manner as the relevant Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 
7(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) shall specify the serial numbers of the 
Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part 
in the proportion which the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate nominal amount of outstanding 
Notes on such date. If any Higher Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
If any of the Notes to be redeemed in part only in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) are represented by a global Note, such global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the nominal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in these 
General Terms and Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Condition 8(a)(ii) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(ii) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made in accordance with 
the following provisions: 
(A) 
In the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States or its possessions and, in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as required therein. 
(B) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant definitive Bearer Notes at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States or its possessions. 
(C) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto, against 
surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States or its possessions. 
(D) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes held in the CMU will be 
made to the CMU for their distribution, on the order of the holder of the Bearer Notes, to 
the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Bearer Note are credited as

--- Page 250 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 236 - 
 
 
being held with the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the relevant time, and 
payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of that payment. 
Condition 8(a)(iii) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered Notes 
(other than Registered Notes held in the CMU) will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the relevant Registrar as at 
close of business (local time) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which 
each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered Notes 
held in the CMU will be made to the CMU for their distribution, on the order of the holder of the 
Registered Notes, to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Registered Note 
are credited as being held with the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the relevant time, 
and payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
that payment. 
Condition 8(e)(ii) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(ii) 
The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the appointment of an Agent or any other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, or any Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
Transfer Agents, or another Registrar. The Issuer will at all times maintain (A) an Agent, (B) a 
Registrar, (C) so long as any Notes are accepted for clearance through the CMU, a CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent, (D) if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Calculation 
Agent, (E) in respect of Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and/or 
such other applicable Relevant Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will at all times maintain at least one 
Swiss paying agent having a specified office in Switzerland if then required by the regulations of 
such Relevant Swiss Exchange and (F) for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competition authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (or any 
other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland) which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent in any 
particular place, a Paying Agent and/or (in the case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent having 
its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange, quotation 
system and/or trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility). In respect of Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Calculation Agent (on or after the 
Interest Determination Date for the first Interest Period). 
Condition 13(a) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(a) 
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) 
In relation to Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes), notices to Noteholders will, save where 
another means of effective communication has been specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
deemed to be validly given if: (i) in the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Note and Notes 
cleared through the CMU), published in one leading English language daily newspaper with 
circulation in London or, if this is not possible, in one other leading English language daily 
newspaper with circulation in Europe; (ii) in the case of Bearer Notes cleared through the CMU, 
published in one leading English language daily newspaper with circulation in Hong Kong or, if 
this is not possible, in one other leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Asia; and, (iii) in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com).

--- Page 251 ---
ISIN: [] 
Valor: [] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
 
- 237 - 
 
 
Condition 13(c) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
(c) 
Global Notes (Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Registered Notes) 
If any of the Notes are represented by a global note which is held by a depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or both, a nominee on behalf of DTC and/or a sub-custodian 
for the CMU and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper then in relation to 
such Notes, notice may be given to the Noteholders by being delivered to Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC, the CMU and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
communication by them to the Persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein 
(provided that, in the case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, a notice is published in a daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg, which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com). Any notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if so published more than once, on 
the date of first publication. If publication is not practicable in any such newspaper, notice will be 
validly given if made in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date 
as the relevant Agent may approve.]

--- Page 252 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the Issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant 
to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars 
and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
SWITZERLAND 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch: according to the present law and 
practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, provided that the Issuer is recognised as a bank 
by the banking laws in force in the jurisdiction of the relevant non-Swiss branch, effectively 
conducts banking activities and the net proceeds from the issue of Notes are used at all times while 
they are outstanding outside Switzerland, payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer are not 
subject to Swiss withholding tax. 
Notes issued by UBS Head Office: according to the present Swiss law and practice of the Swiss 
Federal Tax Administration, payments of interest on the Notes and payments which qualify as 
interest for Swiss withholding tax purposes, are subject to Swiss withholding tax (currently at a 
rate of 35 per cent.). If the respective requirements are met, the holder of a Note residing in 
Switzerland is entitled to a full refund or tax credit for the Swiss withholding tax whereas a holder 
of a Note who is not resident in Switzerland may be entitled to claim a full or partial refund of the 
Swiss withholding tax by virtue of the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty, if any, 
concluded between Switzerland and the country of residence of such holder. 
Potential reform of Swiss withholding tax regime: On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council 
published draft legislation and opened a consultation procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss 
federal withholding tax regime applicable to interest on bonds. This draft legislation provided for, 
among other things, the replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest 
payments on bonds with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Generally 
speaking, this proposed paying agent-based regime would (i) subject all interest payments on bonds 
made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to Swiss 
withholding tax, and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments on bonds to all 
other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than indirect 
interest payments through foreign and Swiss domestic collective investments vehicles). However, 
the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 
15 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted new draft legislation on the reform of the 
Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest 
payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss Parliament, which legislation was accepted by the 
Swiss Parliament on 17 December 2021. The proposed legislation was rejected in a referendum 
held on 25 September 2022. In view of the rejection of this legislation, the Swiss Federal Council 
could again propose a paying agent-based regime as contemplated by the draft legislation published 
on 3 April 2020. If such legislation were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or 
withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any payment in respect of a Note by any person in 
Switzerland other than the Issuer, the holder of such Note would not be entitled to any additional 
amounts with respect to such Note as a result of such deduction or withholding under the applicable 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 253 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
(b) 
Stamp Tax 
Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch: there is no stamp tax liability in 
Switzerland in connection with the issue and redemption of the Notes. 
The trading of the Notes (with a term of more than 12 months) in the secondary market is subject 
to Swiss securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.3 per cent. of the consideration paid for the Notes 
traded, if a Swiss domestic (or Principality of Liechtenstein) securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss Federal Act on Stamp Duties of 27 June 1973, as amended (the "Swiss Stamp Duties Act")) 
is a party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction and no exemption applies in respect of 
one of the parties to the transaction. In such case and subject to applicable statutory exemptions, 
typically half of the Swiss securities turnover tax is charged to one party to the transaction and the 
other half to the other party. 
Notes issued by UBS Head Office: there is no stamp tax liability in Switzerland in connection with 
the issue and redemption of the Notes. 
The trading of the Notes (with a term of more than 12 months) in the secondary market is subject 
to Swiss securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.15 per cent. of the consideration paid for the Notes 
traded, if a Swiss domestic (or Principality of Liechtenstein) securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss Stamp Duties Act) is a party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction and no 
exemption applies in respect of one of the parties to the transaction. In such case and subject to 
applicable statutory exemptions, typically half of the Swiss securities turnover tax is charged to 
one party to the transaction and the other half to the other party. 
(c) 
Income Tax 
Under current Swiss law, a Noteholder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the 
taxable year, has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or fixed place 
in Switzerland to which the Notes are attributable and who is not subject to taxation by Switzerland 
for any other reason will not be subject to Swiss Federal, Cantonal or Municipal income or other 
tax on gains on the sale of, or payment received under, any Notes. 
Notes without a "predominant one-time interest payment": In the case of Notes without a 
"predominant onetime interest payment" (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from 
periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment), Noteholders who are 
individuals that receive payments of interest on such Notes (either in the form of periodic interest 
payments or as a one-time-interest-payment such as an issue discount or a repayment premium) 
are required to include such payments in their personal income tax return and will be taxable on 
any net taxable income (including the payments of interest on such Notes) for the relevant tax 
period. 
Notes with a "predominant one-time interest payment": In the case of Notes with a "predominant 
one-time interest payment" (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments), the positive difference (including any capital and foreign exchange gain) between the 
amount received upon sale or redemption and the issue price (if such Notes were purchased 
thereafter) will be classified as a taxable interest payment, as opposed to a tax-free capital gain 
(differential taxation method). Losses realised on the sale of Notes with a "predominant onetime 
interest payment" may be offset against gains realised within the same tax period on the sale of any 
notes with a "predominant one-time interest payment". 
Swiss-resident, individual taxpayers who hold Notes as part of Swiss business assets and Swiss 
resident corporate taxpayers and individual or corporate taxpayers resident abroad holding Notes 
as part of a Swiss permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland are required 
to recognise payment of the interests on the Notes and capital gains on sale of a Note in their 
income statement for the respective tax period and are taxable on any net taxable earnings for such 
period.

--- Page 254 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
(d) 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international exchange of 
information (the "AEOI") in tax matters, which applies to all EU member states. In addition, 
Switzerland has signed the multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange 
of financial account information (the "MCAA") and a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with 
other countries, most of them on the basis of the MCAA. Based on these agreements and the 
implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial 
assets held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits (including Notes 
held in any such account or deposit) with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of 
individuals resident in an EU member state or in another treaty state. 
(e) 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with 
Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the 
account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. 
Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be 
exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation 
agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council 
approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct notification-based 
regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, 
which in turn provides the information to the US tax authorities. It is not yet known when 
negotiations will continue and, if they do, if and when any new regime would come into force. For 
further information on FATCA, see "United States Federal Taxation – FATCA Withholding Tax" 
below. 
AUSTRALIA 
The following is a general summary of certain Australian withholding tax consequences under the 
Australian Tax Act, Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 of Australia and any relevant 
regulations, rulings or judicial or administrative announcements at the date of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars, of payments of interest and certain other amounts on Notes to be issued by UBS AG 
Australia Branch under the Programme and certain other matters. This summary does not apply to the 
Notes issued by UBS Head Office or any other Branch of the Issuer. 
The summary is not exhaustive and should be treated with appropriate caution. In particular, the summary 
does not deal with the position of certain classes of Noteholders (including, without limitation, dealers in 
securities, custodians or other third parties who hold the Notes on behalf of other persons). In addition, 
unless expressly stated, the summary does not consider the Australian tax consequences for persons who 
hold interests in the Notes through Austraclear, Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, the CMU or another 
clearing system. 
Prospective Noteholders should also be aware that particular terms of issue of any Series of Notes may 
affect the tax treatment of that and other Series of Notes. This summary is not intended to be, nor should it 
be construed as legal or tax advice to any particular investor. Prospective holders of the Notes who are in 
any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of an 
investment in the Notes in their particular circumstances. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
The Australian Tax Act characterises securities as either "debt interests" (for all entities) or "equity 
interests" (for companies) including for the purposes of interest withholding tax ("IWT") and 
dividend withholding tax. IWT is payable at a rate of 10 per cent. of the gross amount of interest 
paid by UBS AG Australia Branch to a non-resident of Australia (other than a non-resident acting 
at or through a permanent establishment in Australia) or a resident acting at or through a permanent 
establishment outside Australia unless an exemption is available. For these purposes, interest is 
defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Australian Tax Act to include amounts in the nature of, or in 
substitution for, interest and certain other amounts.

--- Page 255 ---
- 241 - 
 
 
UBS AG Australia Branch intends to issue Notes which will be characterised as both "debt 
interests" and "debentures" for these purposes. If Notes are issued which are not so characterised, 
further information on the material Australian tax consequences of payments of interest and certain 
other amounts on those Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or another relevant 
supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars). 
2. 
INTEREST WITHHOLDING TAX 
An exemption from IWT is available in respect of interest paid on the Notes if the requirements of 
section 128F of the Australian Tax Act are satisfied. 
The requirements under section 128F for an exemption from IWT in respect of the Notes are as 
follows: 
(a) 
UBS AG is a company and non-resident of Australia carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia when it issues the Notes and when interest (as 
defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Australian Tax Act) is paid. 
(b) 
the Notes are issued in a manner which satisfies the public offer test. There are five 
principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, the purpose of which is to ensure that 
lenders in capital markets are aware that UBS AG Australia Branch is offering those Notes 
for issue. In summary, the five methods are: 
(i) 
offers to 10 or more unrelated financiers, securities dealers or entities that carry 
on the business of providing finance, or investing or dealing in securities, in the 
course of operating in the financial markets; 
(ii) 
offers to 100 or more investors of a certain type; 
(iii) 
offers of listed Notes; 
(iv) 
offers via publicly available information sources; and 
(v) 
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell the Notes within 30 
days by one of the preceding methods. 
In addition, the issue of any of those Notes (whether as a "global bond" for the purposes 
of section 128F(10) of the Australian Tax Act or otherwise) and the offering of interests 
in any of those Notes by one of these methods should satisfy the public offer test; 
(c) 
UBS AG does not know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, at the time of issue, that 
the Notes or an interest in a Note was being, or would later be, acquired directly or 
indirectly by an "associate" of UBS AG, except as permitted by section 128F(5) of the 
Australian Tax Act; and 
(d) 
at the time of the payment of interest, UBS AG does not know, or have reasonable grounds 
to suspect, that the payee is an "associate" of UBS AG, except as permitted by section 
128F(6) of the Australian Tax Act. 
Exemptions under recent tax treaties 
The Australian government has signed new or amended double tax conventions ("New Treaties") 
with a number of countries (each a "Specified Country") which contain exemptions from IWT. In 
broad terms, once implemented the New Treaties prevent IWT applying to interest derived by: 
• 
the government of the relevant Specified Country and certain governmental authorities 
and agencies in the Specified Country; and 
• 
a "financial institution" which is a resident of a "Specified Country" and which is unrelated 
to and dealing wholly independently with UBS AG. The term "financial institution" 
refers to either a bank or any other enterprise which substantially derives its profits by 
carrying on a business of raising and providing finance. However, interest paid under a

--- Page 256 ---
- 242 - 
 
 
back-to-back loan or an economically equivalent arrangement will not qualify for this 
exemption. 
The Australian Federal Treasury maintains a listing of Australia's double tax conventions on its 
website. 
Compliance with section 128F of the Australian Tax Act 
Unless otherwise specified in a relevant Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars), UBS AG Australia Branch intends to issue Notes in a manner 
which will satisfy the requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act. 
Notes in bearer form - Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act 
Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax (currently, at a rate of 45 
per cent.) on the payment of interest on Notes in bearer form if UBS AG fails to disclose the names 
and addresses of the holders to the Australian Taxation Office. Section 126 does not apply to the 
payment of interest on Notes in bearer form held by non-residents who do not carry on business at 
or through a permanent establishment in Australia where the issue of those Bearer Notes has 
satisfied the requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act or IWT is payable. 
In addition, the Australian Taxation Office has confirmed that for the purpose of section 126 of the 
Australian Tax Act, the holder of debentures is the person in possession of the debentures. Section 
126 is therefore limited in its application to persons in possession of Notes in bearer form who are 
residents of Australia or non-residents who are engaged in carrying on business in Australia at or 
through a permanent establishment in Australia. Where interests in the relevant Notes are held 
through the Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt systems, UBS AG 
Australia Branch intends to treat the operators of those clearing systems as the holders of the 
relevant Bearer Notes for the purposes of Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act. 
3. 
OTHER TAX MATTERS 
Under Australian laws as presently in effect: 
(A) 
death duties - no Notes will be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by 
Australia, or by any political subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, if held 
at the time of death; 
(B) 
stamp duty and other taxes - no ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are 
payable in Australia on the issue, transfer or redemption of any Notes or transfer of any 
Notes; 
(C) 
TFN withholding - withholding tax is imposed (currently, at a rate of 47 per cent) on the 
payment of interest on certain registered securities unless the relevant payee has quoted 
an Australian Tax File Number ("TFN"), (in certain circumstances) an Australian 
Business Number ("ABN") or proof of some other exemption (as appropriate). 
Assuming the requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act are satisfied with 
respect to the Notes, the TFN withholding rules do not apply to payments to a holder of 
Notes in registered form who is not a resident of Australia and not holding such Notes in 
the course of carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. 
Payments to other classes of Noteholders in registered form may be subject to a 
withholding where the holder of those Notes does not quote a TFN, ABN or proof of an 
appropriate exemption (as appropriate). 
(D) 
supply withholding tax - payments in respect of the Notes can be made free and clear of 
the "supply withholding tax" imposed pursuant to Section 12-190 of Schedule 1 to the 
TAA; and 
(E) 
goods and services tax (GST) - neither the issue nor receipt of the Notes will give rise to 
a liability for GST in Australia on the basis that the supply of Notes will comprise either 
an input taxed financial supply or (in the case of an offshore subscriber) a GST-free supply.

--- Page 257 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
Furthermore, neither the payment of principal or interest by UBS AG Australia Branch, 
nor the disposal of the Notes, would give rise to any GST liability in Australia. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. It is based on current law and the 
published practice of His Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC"), which may be subject to change, 
sometimes with retrospective effect. The comments do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are 
absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms 
of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that 
and other series of Notes. 
The following is a general guide for information purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a prospective purchaser. 
Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of 
their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are particularly advised to consult their professional 
advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following 
comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In 
particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other 
jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
The following assumes that UBS AG is not resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes, 
that (except in the case of Notes issued by UBS AG London Branch) UBS AG is not issuing the Notes for 
the purposes of a trade or other business carried on by it in the United Kingdom and that only interest on 
Notes issued by UBS AG London Branch has a United Kingdom source. 
1. 
UK Withholding Tax on UK Source Interest 
1.1 
UK Notes listed on a recognised stock exchange 
The Notes issued by UBS AG London Branch which carry a right to interest ("UK Notes") will 
constitute "quoted Eurobonds" provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange (within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the "Act") for the 
purposes of section 987 of the Act) or admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" 
operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of section 987 of the Act). 
Whilst the UK Notes are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest on such UK 
Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income 
tax. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin and SIX Swiss Exchange are recognised 
stock exchanges. The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC practice is that securities which are 
officially listed and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin may be regarded as "listed on a 
recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. Additionally, the Issuer's understanding of current 
HMRC practice is that securities which are officially listed and admitted to trading on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange in accordance with the International Reporting Standard or the Swiss Reporting 
Standard may be regarded as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. 
1.2 
All UK Notes 
In addition to the exemption set out in paragraph 1.1 above, interest on the UK Notes may be paid 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax so long as UBS 
AG London Branch is a "bank" for the purposes of section 878 of the Income Tax Act 2007 and 
so long as such payments are made by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its business.

--- Page 258 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
1.3 
All other cases 
In all cases falling outside the exemptions described in paragraphs 1.1 and 1.2 above, interest on 
the UK Notes may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate 
(currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief or exemption as may be available. However, this 
withholding will not apply if the relevant interest is paid on UK Notes with a maturity of less than 
one year from the date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is 
to render such UK Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more. 
2. 
Payments under Deed of Covenant 
Any payments made by UBS AG London Branch under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for 
the exemptions from UK withholding tax described in paragraph 1 above. 
3. 
Other rules relating to United Kingdom withholding tax 
UK Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. Any 
discount element on any such UK Notes will not generally be subject to any United Kingdom 
withholding tax pursuant to the provisions mentioned in paragraph 1 above. 
Where UK Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued 
at a discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest. Payments 
of interest are subject to United Kingdom withholding tax as outlined above. 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who 
are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if 
there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
The references to "interest" in this summary of the United Kingdom withholding tax position mean 
"interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The statements in this summary do not take 
any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which may prevail under any 
other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes or any related 
documentation. Where a payment on a Note does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for 
United Kingdom tax purposes, and the payment has a United Kingdom source, it would potentially 
be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax if, for example, it constitutes (or is treated as) an 
annual payment or a manufactured payment for United Kingdom tax purposes (which will be 
determined by, amongst other things, the terms and conditions specified by the relevant Final 
Terms of the Note). In such a case, the payment may fall to be made under deduction of United 
Kingdom tax at the relevant rate, subject to such relief as may be available following a direction 
from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty, or to any other 
exemption which may apply. Noteholders or Couponholders should seek their own professional 
advice as regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment on the Notes which does not 
constitute "interest" or "principal" as those terms are understood in United Kingdom tax law. 
The above description of the United Kingdom withholding tax position assumes that there will be 
no substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) of the Notes or otherwise and does not consider the tax 
consequences of any such substitution. 
JERSEY 
The following summary of the anticipated Jersey taxation treatment based on Jersey taxation law and 
practice as they are understood to apply at the date of this document and is subject to changes in such 
taxation law and practice. It does not constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of 
Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax law and practice as they apply to any land or building 
situate in Jersey). Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the 
implications of acquiring, buying, selling or otherwise disposing of the Notes under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Payments in respect of the Notes may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Jersey income tax and Noteholders (other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax 
in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of such Notes.

--- Page 259 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
HONG KONG 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
No withholding tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of payments of principal or interest on the 
Notes or in respect of any capital gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
(b) 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of Bearer Notes provided that either: 
(i) 
such Bearer Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong 
and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Bearer Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 
117) (the "SDO")). 
If stamp duty is payable it is payable by the Issuer on the issue of Bearer Notes at a rate of 3 per 
cent. of the market value of the Bearer Notes at the time of issue. No stamp duty will be payable 
on any subsequent transfer of Bearer Notes. 
No stamp duty is payable on the issue of Registered Notes. Stamp duty may be payable on any 
transfer of Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. 
Stamp duty will, however, not be payable on any transfer of Registered Notes provided that either: 
(i) 
such Registered Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong 
Kong and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Registered Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the SDO). 
If stamp duty is payable in respect of the transfer of Registered Notes it will be payable at the rate 
of 0.20 per cent. (of which 0.10 per cent. is payable by the seller and 0.10 per cent. is payable by 
the purchaser) normally by reference to the consideration or its value, whichever is higher. In 
addition, stamp duty is payable at the fixed rate of HK$5 on each instrument of transfer executed 
in relation to any transfer of the Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered 
in Hong Kong. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations to U.S. Holders and 
U.S. withholding tax considerations to Non-U.S. Holders (each as defined below), of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of Notes. This summary only discusses the consequences to U.S. Holders that 
purchase Notes at their original issuance and issue price and hold them as capital assets for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. This summary does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that 
may be relevant to an investor in light of such investor's particular circumstances or to investors subject to 
special rules (including, without limitation, pension plans and other tax-exempt investors, banks, thrift 
institutions, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, grantor 
trusts, partnerships, partners in partnerships that invest in Notes, dealers in securities or currencies, U.S. 
Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, U.S. Holders who hold Notes as part of a straddle, 
hedging or conversion transaction, U.S. Holders liable for the alternative minimum tax, U.S. Holders who 
are expatriates, U.S. Holders required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with 
respect to the Notes as a result of such income being recognised on an applicable financial statement, Non-
U.S. Holders that hold Notes in a manner that is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or 
business in the United States and Non-U.S. Holders that are individuals present in the United States for 
183 days or more in the year that they dispose of Notes). In addition, this summary does not address the 
application of any U.S. state or local tax laws, or the tax laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction. 
The discussion herein does not address Notes that are issued by a U.S. branch of the Issuer (which, for this 
purpose, shall include any branch that recognises any income that is subject to net United States income 
tax), Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or exchangeable Notes. The tax treatment of such Notes will 
be discussed in supplemental tax disclosure for the particular offering of such Notes. This summary is based 
on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), its legislative history, applicable

--- Page 260 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
U.S. Treasury Regulations, judicial authority and administrative rulings and practice in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars any of which may be appealed, revoked or otherwise 
altered with retroactive effect, thereby changing the U.S. federal income tax consequences discussed below. 
There is no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") will not take a contrary view, and 
no ruling from the IRS has been or will be sought. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note in registered form that is, for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual that is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a 
corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District 
of Columbia, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source 
or (iv) a trust, if both (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary jurisdiction over the 
administration of the trust, and (b) one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. Notes in 
bearer form are subject to selling restrictions and are not meant to be offered or sold to United States 
persons. United States persons that nonetheless acquire Notes in bearer form (i) should be aware that they 
will generally be subject to limitations under the U.S. tax rules, including limitations that impact the ability 
to deduct losses or recognise capital gain with respect to the Notes and (ii) should not rely on the disclosure 
below. 
As used herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, an individual, corporation, estate or trust that is not a U.S. Holder. 
The U.S. federal income and withholding tax treatment of Notes held by an entity or arrangement that is a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on the activities of such partnership and the 
status of its partners. Partnerships considering an investment in Notes, and partners in such partnerships, 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of a 
Note. 
Treatment of Notes as Indebtedness 
The discussion below addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of Notes that will be issued in a 
manner consistent with, and with characteristics that are typical of, indebtedness for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. Generally, the discussion below addresses Notes whose terms provide for payment in full of 
principal at their stated maturity. However, Notes whose terms do not provide for payment in full of 
principal at their stated maturity, and possibly certain other Notes, may not be characterised as indebtedness 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. tax treatment of Notes that are not characterised as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes is complex, and generally there is no direct authority regarding the correct U.S. federal income 
tax treatment of such Notes. For example, in certain circumstances, such Notes may be viewed as 
representing beneficial ownership in underlying assets to which the return on the Notes is linked. In other 
circumstances, an investment in the Notes may be governed by the U.S. tax rules that govern the treatment 
of options, forward contracts, swaps or other types of derivative instruments. Prospective U.S. investors 
should be aware that the IRS has issued a notice seeking comments regarding the proper treatment of certain 
securities whose terms do not provide for payment in full of principal at their stated maturity, which may 
adversely impact the treatment of an investment in such Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective U.S. investors are strongly urged to consult their own advisors about the proper treatment of 
an investment in such Notes in light of their particular circumstances. A prospective U.S. investor should 
review any supplemental U.S. tax disclosure that may be provided in connection with a particular offering 
and should contact UBS for any additional information that it may require in making its determination. 
Where Notes that are linked to one or more securities, or a basket containing one or more securities, issued 
by a U.S. issuer, it is possible that payments of principal, interest or disposition proceeds on the Note may 
be characterised, in whole or in part, as U.S. source income and may be subject to U.S. income or 
withholding tax. Where this is the case, such payments may be made subject to U.S. withholding tax, at a 
rate of up to 30 per cent. or at such other rate as may be available under the provisions of any applicable 
double tax treaty. Prospective non-U.S. investors should consult their own advisors about the possibility of 
U.S. income or withholding tax applying to payments on any such Notes. A prospective non-U.S. investor 
should review any supplemental U.S. tax disclosure that may be provided in connection with a particular 
offering and should contact UBS for any additional information that it may require in making its 
determination. The remainder of this discussion does not address Notes that may pay U.S. source income

--- Page 261 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
in the manner discussed above and assumes that the Notes will be characterised as indebtedness for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
Tax Consequences for U.S. Holders 
Payments of Interest 
Except as otherwise indicated below, interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary 
interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of 
accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest income earned by a U.S. Holder with respect to 
a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant 
in determining the U.S. Holder's treatment under the "foreign tax credit" rules. These rules are complex and 
recent changes to the foreign tax credit rules introduced additional requirements and limitations for claiming 
a credit for non-U.S. taxes. A prospective U.S. Holder should consult its own advisors about the availability 
of a credit or deduction for non-U.S. taxes in light of the U.S. Holder's particular circumstances. Special 
rules governing the treatment of payments made with respect to Notes subject to special U.S. tax rules are 
discussed below. 
Original Issue Discount 
A Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be considered 
to have been issued at an original discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred to in 
this section as an "original issue discount Note") unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as 
described below) or is a short-term Note (as defined below). The "issue price" of a Note will be the first 
price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (not including sales to bond houses, 
brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or 
wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will equal the sum of all 
payments required under the Note other than payments of "qualified stated interest". "Qualified stated 
interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least 
annually during the entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note 
multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest. In addition, qualified stated interest includes, among other 
things, stated interest on a "variable rate debt instrument" (as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury 
Regulations) that is unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually 
at a single qualified floating rate of interest or at a rate that is determined at a single fixed formula that is 
based on objective financial or economic information. A rate is a qualified floating rate if variations in the 
rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed 
funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. For this purpose, if a floating rate Note provides 
for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate and if 
the variable rate on the floating rate Note's issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the 
value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 0.25 
per cent.), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute a single variable rate. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount (generally, 1⁄4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the 
number of complete years to maturity or the weighted average maturity, as applicable) the Note will not be 
considered to have original issue discount. U.S. Noteholders with a de minimis amount of original issue 
discount will include this original issue discount in income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal 
payments are made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original issue discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest 
payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. U.S. Holders of original issue discount Notes (other than short-term Notes, as defined below) 
will be required to include in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes the sum of the daily portions of 
the original issue discount for each day on which the U.S. Holder held the Note. The U.S. Holder will be 
required to include such original issue discount as it accrues in accordance with a constant yield method 
based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including stated interest, acquisition discount, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount, 
market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond 
premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding

--- Page 262 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
of interest (a "constant yield election"). Such an election may not be revoked without the consent of the 
IRS. 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or investors may have an unconditional option to 
require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if the 
Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be 
presumed to be exercised if the exercise of the option will lower the yield on the Note. Conversely, if 
investors have an unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity 
date, this option will be presumed to be exercised if the exercise of the option will increase the yield on the 
Note. If an option that is presumed to be exercised based on this rule is in fact not exercised, the Note will 
be treated solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new Note 
were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue price on that 
date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price of 
the Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments 
other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Short-Term Notes 
A Note that matures (after taking into account the last possible date that the Note could be outstanding 
under the terms of the Note) one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated 
as being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated 
interest (as defined above). In general, a cash-method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to 
accrue the discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. If a cash method U.S. 
Holder does not make this election, the U.S. Holder should include interest payments as ordinary income 
upon receipt. Holders who elect to accrue the discount, and certain other U.S. Holders, including those who 
report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are required to 
include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is made to 
accrue the discount according to a constant-yield method based on daily compounding. In the case of a U.S. 
Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in income currently, any gain 
realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note generally will be ordinary income to 
the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method 
based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement. In addition, those U.S. 
Holders will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or 
carry short-term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount until the accrued discount is 
included in income. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in the Note. Gain or loss, if any, generally will be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a 
U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. Amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or discount 
are treated as interest as described under "– Payment of Interest," "– Short-Term Notes" and "– Original 
Issue Discount" above. 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note generally will 
be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement 
the Note has been held for more than one year. Exception to this general rule applies to the extent of any 
accrued discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's taxable income. See "– Short-Term Notes" 
and "– Original Issue Discount" above. In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case 
of contingent payment debt instruments, foreign currency Notes, optionally exchangeable Notes and 
mandatorily exchangeable Notes. See "– Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" and –"Foreign Currency 
Notes" below. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the timing and amount of payments on a Note is subject to contingencies and the Note is not a qualifying 
variable rate debt instrument (as defined above), the Note generally will be classified as a contingent 
payment debt instrument for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a Note is treated as a contingent payment 
debt instrument, no payment on such instrument qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. Holder 
must account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and the

--- Page 263 ---
- 249 - 
 
 
differences between actual payments on the contingent payment debt instrument and the instrument's 
"projected payment schedule" as described below. The comparable yield is determined by the Issuer at the 
time of issuance of the contingent payment debt instrument and takes into account the yield at which the 
Issuer could issue a fixed rate debt instrument with no contingent payments, but with terms and conditions 
otherwise similar to those of the contingent payment debt instrument. The comparable yield may be greater 
than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the instrument. 
Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to 
accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer may be required to construct a "projected 
payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would produce a 
yield to maturity on the instrument equal to the comparable yield used. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer 
regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments in 
respect of a contingent payment debt instrument, unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the 
use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
will be required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount 
of any contingent payments on the instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over 
actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year (i) will first reduce 
the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a U.S. Holder would 
otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year and (ii) any excess will give rise to an ordinary 
loss to the extent that the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt 
instrument exceeds the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss 
on the contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the limitation imposed on itemised deductions. Any net negative 
adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to offset future interest income 
in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount realised on a sale, exchange 
or retirement of the instrument. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument (including a delivery of 
property pursuant to the terms of the instrument), a U.S. Holder generally will recognise taxable gain or 
loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. If a U.S. Holder is paid property, other than 
cash, in retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, the amount realised will equal the fair market 
value of the property, determined at the time of retirement, plus the amount of cash, if any, received in lieu 
of property. A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to 
the extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments 
previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. The deductibility of capital 
losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a U.S. Holder recognises loss above certain thresholds, the 
U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a 
contingent payment debt instrument, including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right, equal to 
the fair market value of the property determined at the time of retirement. The U.S. Holder's holding period 
for the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules will apply if one or more contingent payments on a contingent payment debt instrument 
become fixed. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a payment (including an amount payable at maturity) 
will be treated as fixed if (and when) all remaining contingencies with respect to it are remote or incidental 
within the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations. If one or more contingent payments on a

--- Page 264 ---
- 250 - 
 
 
contingent payment debt instrument become fixed more than six months prior to the date the payment is 
due, a U.S. Holder would be required to make a positive or negative adjustment, as appropriate, equal to 
the difference between the present value of the amounts that are fixed, using the comparable yield as the 
discount rate, and the projected amounts of the contingent payments relevant as provided in the projected 
payment schedule. If all remaining scheduled contingent payments on a contingent payment debt instrument 
become fixed substantially contemporaneously, a U.S. Holder would be required to make adjustments to 
account for the difference between the amounts so treated as fixed and the projected payments in a 
reasonable manner over the remaining term of the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in the contingent payment debt instrument and the character of any gain or loss on the sale of the 
instrument would also be affected. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning the 
application of these special rules. 
Premium 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its stated redemption price at maturity (as 
defined above under "– Original Issue Discount"), the U.S. Holder will be considered to have purchased 
such Note with "amortisable bond premium" equal in amount to such excess, and generally will not be 
required to include any original issue discount in income. Generally, a U.S. Holder may elect to amortise 
such premium as an offset to qualified stated interest income, using a constant yield method similar to that 
described above (see "– Original Issue Discount" above), over the remaining term of the Note (where such 
Note is not redeemable prior to its maturity date). In the case of Notes that may be redeemed prior to 
maturity, the premium is calculated assuming that the U.S. Holder will exercise or not exercise its 
redemption rights in a manner that maximises the U.S. Holder's yield and the Issuer will exercise or not 
exercise its redemption rights in a manner that lowers the yield on the Note. A U.S. Holder that elects to 
amortise bond premium must reduce such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium 
used to offset qualified stated interest income as set forth above. An election to amortise bond premium 
applies to all taxable debt obligations held during or after the taxable year for which the election is made 
and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply to Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than 
the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in one or more currencies or 
currency units other than the U.S. dollar ("foreign currency Notes"). 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange 
or other disposition of a foreign currency Note to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules 
applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a 
U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal 
income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a currency other than the U.S. dollar with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to 
include in income the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined on the date the 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the time, and 
this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including original issue discount) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken 
into account with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of the 
accrued income will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual 
period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial 
period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income or loss with respect to 
accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount of ordinary income or loss 
recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. dollar currency payment 
received (determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a U.S. 
Holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar 
value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above).

--- Page 265 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period, in the case of a partial accrual 
period, the spot rate on the last day of the accrual period in the taxable year or, if the date of receipt is within 
five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. 
Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and 
cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount on a foreign currency Note is to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. 
Cash method U.S. Holders will be required to account for such original issue discount under rules similar 
to those described above with respect to accrual method U.S. Holders. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium, calculated in units of the 
relevant foreign currency, taken into account on a current basis shall reduce interest income in units of the 
relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss is realised on amortised bond premium with respect to any 
period by treating the bond premium amortised in the period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange 
or retirement of the foreign currency Note. Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as 
described below. If an election to amortise bond premium is not made, any loss realised on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note with amortisable bond premium will be a capital loss to 
the extent of the bond premium. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the 
U.S. Holder's tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for such 
foreign currency Note, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of the 
purchase or adjustment. A U.S. Holder who purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned non-
U.S. currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between 
such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the non-U.S. currency and the U.S. dollar fair market value of the foreign 
currency Note on the date of purchase. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is attributable to 
fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as interest 
income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the difference 
between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency nominal amount of the Note, determined on the 
date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. dollar 
currency nominal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Payments 
received attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or discount will be treated in accordance with the rules 
applicable to payments of interest on foreign currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain 
or loss will be recognised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will 
be determined by reference to the residence of the U.S. Holder (or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. 
Holder on whose books the Note is properly reflected). Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder in excess 
of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except, in the case of a short-term Note, to 
the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's income. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of 
a foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency, determined at the time of 
sale, exchange or retirement. A cash method taxpayer who buys or sells a foreign currency Note that are 
traded on an established securities market is required to translate units of non-U.S. currency paid or received 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no exchange 
gain or loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the 
purchase or sale. An accrual method taxpayer may elect the same treatment for all purchases and sales of 
foreign currency obligations provided that the Notes are traded on an established securities market. This 
election cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a 
sale or other disposition of non-U.S. currency (including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase 
foreign currency Notes) will be ordinary income or loss. 
Substitution of the Issuer and Replacement of Reference Rates 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
may be (i) assumed by an Affiliate or (ii) prior to any such assumption, fulfilled by the Issuer acting through 
a different Branch or the UBS Head Office (if the Issuer was not acting through the UBS Head Office prior 
thereto). The terms of the Notes also provide that, in certain circumstances in respect to Notes that are (i)

--- Page 266 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes), the applicable Reference 
Rate may be replaced with a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and (ii) SOFR Notes, the then-
current SOFR Benchmark may be replaced with an alternate rate of interest. Any such assumption, Issuing 
Branch Substitution or replacement of the applicable Reference Rate with respect to the Notes might be 
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange 
for new notes issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be 
required to recognise gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, 
between the fair market value at that time of the U.S. Holder's Notes, and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in 
those Notes. It might also affect the timing and amount of income earned on the Notes for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes in any given tax period. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors concerning the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a substitution in obligor or a replacement of the applicable 
Reference Rate with respect to the Notes. 
IRS Reporting Requirements 
Treasury regulations require U.S. taxpayers to report certain transactions that give rise to a loss in excess 
of certain thresholds (a "Reportable Transaction"). Under these regulations, if Notes are denominated in 
a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder that recognises a loss with respect to the Notes that is characterised as an 
ordinary loss due to changes in currency exchange rates generally would be required to report the loss to 
the IRS if the loss exceeds the thresholds set forth in the regulations. For individuals and trusts, this loss 
threshold is $50,000 in any single taxable year. For other types of taxpayers and other types of losses, the 
thresholds are higher. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own advisors regarding any tax filing and reporting obligations that may 
apply in connection with acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on 
these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and comply with certain 
certification procedures or otherwise establish that it qualifies for an exemption from backup withholding. 
The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against 
the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided 
that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
Tax Consequences for Non-U.S. Holders 
Unless a Non-U.S. Holder is receiving payments on or with respect to Notes linked to one or more 
securities, or a basket containing one or more securities, issued by a U.S. issuer, as to payments on any such 
securities, or as discussed below under "FATCA Withholding Tax" or otherwise noted in supplemental 
disclosure for the particular offering of Notes set forth in the relevant Final Terms, a Non-U.S. Holder will 
not be subject to U.S. withholding tax with respect to payments on Notes, but may be subject to generally 
applicable information reporting, and may also be subject to backup withholding requirements with respect 
to such payments unless the Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain certification and identification 
requirements as to the Non-U.S. Holder's non-U.S. status or an exception to the information reporting and 
backup withholding rules otherwise applies. Non-U.S. Holders that receive payments outside the United 
States from a broker or other intermediary that is not a U.S. person and does not have certain other 
connections with the United States generally will not be subject to these information reporting and backup 
withholding rules. 
FATCA Withholding Tax 
Pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold 
on (i) certain payments of U.S. source income and (ii) "foreign passthru payments" (a term which is not yet 
defined) paid to or in respect of persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Switzerland and Australia) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements ("IGAs") with the United States to implement 
FATCA, which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the

--- Page 267 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not 
apply to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" in the U.S. Federal Register and, provided that Notes are 
properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding on foreign passthru 
payments unless materially modified after such date or classified as equity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes or do not have a fixed term (whenever issued). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 15 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. In addition, if with respect to Notes issued before the end of the 
grandfathering period there is a substitution of the Issuer (as described under Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions: Substitution)) that occurs after the grandfathering 
period, the Notes may cease to be grandfathered. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, neither UBS nor any other person 
will be required under the terms of the Notes to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and 
may not be applicable depending upon an investor's particular situation. Prospective investors should 
consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes and the underlying stock, including the tax consequences under state, local, 
non-U.S. and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws. 
ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that are subject to 
Title I of ERISA, such as pension plans, profit-sharing plans, collective investment funds, separate accounts 
and entities whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans (collectively, 
"ERISA Plans"), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. ERISA also 
imposes limits on transactions between ERISA Plans and the ERISA Plan's service providers or other 
related parties. 
Each ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider ERISA and the regulations and guidance thereunder when 
considering a purchase of the Notes. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans, as well as other "plans" and arrangements 
within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts or "Keogh" plans (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), should also 
consider, among other items, the issues described below when deciding whether to purchase the Notes. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS/BASE LISTING PARTICULARS IS NOT WRITTEN FOR ANY 
PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, AND IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE NEEDS OF ANY 
PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE 
DEALERS, THE AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS 
UNDERTAKEN TO PROVIDE IMPARTIAL INVESTMENT ADVICE OR TO GIVE ADVICE IN A 
FIDUCIARY CAPACITY, AND NONE OF THESE PARTIES HAS OR SHALL PROVIDE ANY 
ADVICE OR RECOMMENDATION WITH RESPECT TO THE MANAGEMENT OF ANY 
INVESTMENT OR THE ADVISABILITY OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, DISPOSING OR 
EXCHANGING OF ANY NOTE. THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS GENERAL IN NATURE, IS 
NOT INTENDED TO BE ALL INCLUSIVE AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL 
ADVICE. EACH FIDUCIARY OF A PLAN SHOULD TALK TO ITS LEGAL ADVISER ABOUT THE 
CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED IN THIS SECTION BEFORE PURCHASING THE NOTES. 
APPLICABLE LAWS GOVERNING THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS 
OF GOVERNMENTAL, CERTAIN CHURCH, NON-U.S. AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS MAY ALSO 
CONTAIN FIDUCIARY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY,

--- Page 268 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
FIDUCIARIES OF SUCH PLANS, IN CONSULTATION WITH THEIR ADVISERS, SHOULD 
CONSIDER THE IMPACT OF SUCH LAWS ON A PURCHASE OF THE NOTES. 
Fiduciary Duty of Investing ERISA Plans 
Under ERISA, a person who exercises discretionary authority or control regarding the management or 
disposition of an ERISA Plan's assets is generally considered a fiduciary of such ERISA Plan. Investments 
by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, which should be taken into account 
with regards to each ERISA Plan's particular facts and circumstances. In considering a purchase of the 
Notes using assets of an ERISA Plan, the ERISA Plan's fiduciary should determine, particularly in light of 
the risks and limited liquidity inherent in a purchase of the Notes, whether the purchase would (i) satisfy 
the diversification requirements of Section 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA, (ii) be in accordance with the 
documents and instruments governing the ERISA Plan pursuant to Section 404(a)(1)(D) of ERISA and (iii) 
be prudent with respect to the Note's structure, potential risks and lack of liquidity. When evaluating the 
prudence of purchasing the Notes, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider the U.S. Department of Labor 
(the "DOL") regulation on investment duties, which can be found at 29 C.F.R. § 2550.404a-1. 
ERISA requires an ERISA Plan's fiduciary to maintain indicia of ownership for the ERISA Plan's assets 
within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Courts. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans should also consider 
ERISA's rules relating to delegation of control, and whether a purchase of the Notes might constitute or 
give rise to a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(as discussed below). 
Administrators of ERISA Plans that purchase the Notes may be required to report compensation, including 
indirect compensation, paid in connection with the ERISA Plan's purchase on Schedule C of Form 5500 
(Annual Return/Report of Employee Benefit Plan). The descriptions in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars of fees and compensation, including the fees paid to the Dealers, are intended to satisfy the 
disclosure requirement for "eligible indirect compensation", for which an alternative reporting procedure 
on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Prohibited Transactions 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of a 
Plan and certain persons and their affiliates having certain relationships to such Plans (referred to as "parties 
in interest" under Section 3(14) of ERISA and "disqualified persons" under Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code, 
and collectively, "Parties in Interest"). Regardless of whether the underlying assets of the Issuer are 
deemed to include assets of a Plan (as discussed below), a purchase of the Notes by a Plan, to the extent it 
is permitted, may constitute or result in a direct or indirect "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of 
ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code (collectively, "prohibited transaction") if any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, the Registrars or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") 
is considered a Party in Interest to the Plan. 
The Transaction Parties may be Parties in Interest with respect to many Plans. Depending on the satisfaction 
of certain conditions which may include the identity of the fiduciary making the decision to acquire or hold 
the Notes on behalf of a Plan, an administrative or statutory exemption may be applicable to a prohibited 
transaction in respect of a purchase of the Notes. These exemptions include the administrative exemptions 
of prohibited transaction class exemptions ("PTCE") 84-14 (relating to transactions determined by 
independent "qualified professional asset managers"), PTCE 90-1 (relating to insurance company pooled 
separate accounts), PTCE 91-38 (relating to bank collective investment funds), PTCE 95-60 (relating to 
life insurance company general accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by "in-
house asset managers") and the statutory exemption of Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 
4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to the purchase and sale of securities and related lending transactions, 
provided that neither the security's issuer nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary 
authority or control or render any investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan involved in the 
transaction and provided further that the Plan pays no more than, and receives no less than, "adequate 
consideration" in connection with the transaction). The fiduciary of a Plan that proposes to acquire and hold 
the Notes should consider, among other things, whether such acquisition and holding may involve (i) the 
direct or indirect extension of credit to a Party in Interest, (ii) the sale or exchange of any property between 
a Plan and a Party in Interest or (iii) the transfer to, or use by or for the benefit of, a Party in Interest of any 
assets of a Plan. In this regard, there can be no assurance that any of these exemptions or other exemptions 
will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes or that, if an exemption is

--- Page 269 ---
- 255 - 
 
 
available, it will cover all aspects of any particular transaction. Most of the exemptions do not provide relief 
from some or all of the self-dealing prohibitions under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Each fiduciary of a Plan that has engaged in a prohibited transaction may be required to, among other 
potential actions, (i) restore to the Plan any profit realised on the transaction, (ii) reimburse the Plan for any 
losses suffered by the Plan as a result of the transaction or (iii) unwind the transaction. Under Section 4975 
of the Code, a Party in Interest may be required to pay excise taxes based on the amount involved in the 
transaction (including a one hundred per cent. (100%) excise tax if the transaction is not corrected within a 
certain time period). 
The Plan Assets Regulation 
Under the DOL regulations at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the "Plan 
Assets Regulation"), if a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity (which is defined as an interest in 
an entity other than an instrument that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has 
no substantial equity features) that is neither a publicly offered security nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Plan's 
assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's underlying assets, 
unless it is established that the entity is an "operating company" or that equity participation by "Benefit 
Plan Investors" is not "significant". 
Under the Plan Assets Regulation, an "operating company" is defined as an entity that is primarily engaged, 
directly or through a majority owned subsidiary or subsidiaries, in the production or sale of a product or 
service other than the investment of capital. Equity participation by "Benefit Plan Investors" in an entity is 
"significant" under the Plan Assets Regulation if, immediately after the most recent acquisition of any 
equity interest in the entity, twenty-five per cent. (25%) or more of the value of any class of equity interests 
in the entity is held by "Benefit Plan Investors". "Benefit Plan Investor" means (i) a Plan or (ii) a person 
or entity whose underlying assets include, or are deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of a Plan's 
investment in the person or entity under the Plan Assets Regulation or otherwise for purposes of Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. This test must be satisfied at each acquisition, transfer or disposition 
of the Notes in order for the assets of the Issuer to not be treated as "plan assets". For these purposes, the 
value of a Note held by certain persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) that have discretionary authority 
or "control" over the assets of the entity or that provide investment advice with respect to such assets for a 
fee, directly or indirectly, or "affiliates" of such persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) are excluded. 
For these purposes, an "affiliate" of a person, as defined in paragraph (f)(3) of the Plan Assets Regulation, 
includes any person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling, controlled by, 
or under common control with the person, and "control", with respect to a person other than an individual, 
means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of such person. 
Although there cannot be any assurance in this regard, the Issuer believes it is an "operating company" 
under the Plan Assets Regulation and that the Notes should be characterised as indebtedness without 
substantial equity features and not as equity interests, unless otherwise indicated in the Final Terms relating 
to such Notes. There is little guidance that can be used to predict when or if the DOL or a court would view 
a security as an equity interest rather than as indebtedness, and it is possible that the DOL could contend, 
and that a court could hold, that any of the Notes are equity interests. If the underlying assets of the Issuer 
are deemed to be "plan assets", the obligations and other responsibilities of Plan sponsors, Plan fiduciaries 
and Plan administrators, and of Parties in Interest, under Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as 
applicable, may be expanded, and there may be an increase in their liability under these and other provisions 
of ERISA and the Code (except to the extent (if any) that a favourable statutory or administrative exemption 
or exception applies). In addition, various providers of fiduciary or other services to the issuer, and any 
other parties with authority or control with respect to the issuer, could be deemed to be Plan fiduciaries or 
otherwise Parties in Interest by virtue of their provision of such services. 
Similar Plans 
"Governmental plans" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, "church plans" within the meaning 
of Section 3(33) of ERISA that have made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code, non-U.S. plans 
described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA and benefit plans that are not Benefit Plan Investors (any such plan, 
a "Similar Plan"), while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of 
Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to a U.S. federal, state, local,

--- Page 270 ---
- 256 - 
 
 
non-U.S. or other law or regulation that contains one or more provisions that are substantially similar to the 
foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code (any such law or regulation, a "Similar Law"). 
Representations and Warranties 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Note (or an 
interest therein) will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding 
of such a Note (or an interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to 
any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will 
not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code or a violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a 
Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have represented, warranted 
and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), that (X) none of the 
Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan 
Investor, or any fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who otherwise 
has discretion or authority over the investment and management of "plan assets" (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on 
which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire 
such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a 
"fiduciary" as that term is defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating the transaction. 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with these requirements 
above shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no assurance that these representations and warranties 
will be effective to prevent prohibited transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being 
treated as "plan assets" for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit 
Plan Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein). 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and not intended to be all-inclusive. Any Benefit Plan Investor 
or Similar Plan fiduciary who proposes to cause a Plan or Similar Plan to purchase a Note (or an interest 
therein) to the extent permitted in the relevant Final Terms should consult with its counsel regarding the 
applicability of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code to such an investment, and to confirm that such investment will not constitute or 
result in a prohibited transaction or any other violation of an applicable requirement of ERISA, the Code 
or Similar Law. This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is not directed to any particular prospective 
purchaser, nor does it address the needs of any particular prospective purchaser. 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
("CRS") requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts (which may 
include the Notes) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures. Holders may be 
requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure compliance with the CRS. A 
jurisdiction that has signed a CRS Competent Authority Agreement may provide this information to other 
jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement.

--- Page 271 ---
- 257 - 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to all legal and regulatory requirements, Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any 
one or more of UBS AG London Branch, UBS Europe SE, UBS Securities LLC and UBS AG (the 
"Dealers") or to any other person. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed 
to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 14 June 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers, as 
such agreement may be amended or supplemented or superseded from time to time. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer 
and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe for the relevant 
Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any 
of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those 
Dealers will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement for the issue and subscription of Notes will, among other things, provide for the form 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the 
Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed 
will be required to represent and agree to undertake the following selling restrictions as part of its 
appointment. 
Under certain circumstances, including where certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to a 
Dealer's satisfaction on or before the issue date of a proposed Notes issuance, the relevant Dealers will be 
entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Dealer Agreement as it relates to 
such proposed issue of Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such Notes may not be completed. 
UNITED STATES 
(Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms; Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as provided in the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold Notes and will not offer and sell Notes of any Tranche (i) as part of its distribution at any time and (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes and the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration to which it sells Notes of such Tranche from it during the distribution compliance 
period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer 
affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of the Notes in the United States only to qualified institutional 
buyers in reliance on Rule 144A.

--- Page 272 ---
- 258 - 
 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale 
of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by a dealer that is not participating in the offering of 
such Notes may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 
(A) 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, each Dealer will be required to represent, undertake and agree (and each 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, undertake and 
agree) that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under TEFRA D, (a) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, any Notes in bearer form to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, and (b) it has not delivered 
and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes in bearer form and 
in definitive form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes 
in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, 
except as permitted by TEFRA D; 
(iii) 
if it is a U.S. person, it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and, if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States Treasury 
Regulations §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or successor provisions); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form 
for the purposes of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer 
either repeats and confirms the representations, undertakings and agreements contained in 
sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf or agrees that it will obtain 
from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and 
agreements contained in such sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii); and 
(v) 
shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer and each Manager specified in the Final Terms 
the representations, undertakings and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii), 
(iv) and this sub-clause (v) of this paragraph from any person other than its affiliate or 
such other Manager with whom it enters into a written contract, (a "distributor" as defined 
in United States Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) (or successor provisions)), 
for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes in bearer form. 
(B) 
Where TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market practice is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable in relation to any Tranche of Notes, each Dealer will be required to 
represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, undertake and agree) as provided in paragraph (A) above and additionally 
that, to the extent that such Dealer has been allocated Notes on the Issue Date and sells such Notes 
during the restricted period: 
(i) 
it will use reasonable efforts to sell the Notes within Switzerland; 
(ii) 
it represents that it maintains an office in Switzerland; and 
(iii) 
the representations, agreements and undertakings provided in paragraphs (iv) and (v) in 
paragraph (A) above are amended to include the representations, agreements and 
undertakings in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (B).

--- Page 273 ---
- 259 - 
 
 
(C) 
In addition, where TEFRA C is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes, such Notes must in their original issuance, be issued and delivered outside 
the United States and its possessions and, accordingly, each Dealer will be required to represent, 
undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer will be required to represent, undertake and agree) 
that, in connection with the original issuance of the Notes: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in bearer form within the United States or its possessions; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or such Dealer is within the United States 
or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer 
in the offer and sale of Notes in bearer form. 
Terms used in sub-clauses (A), (B) and (C) have the meanings given to them by the Code and the 
regulations thereunder. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee 
of a Note (or an interest therein) will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its 
acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so 
long as it holds such a Note (or an interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan 
Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and 
disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of 
any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee 
of a Note (or an interest therein), that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have represented, 
warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), that 
(X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment 
advice to the Benefit Plan Investor, or Plan Fiduciary, on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or 
Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest 
therein), (Y) the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that 
term is defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of such a Note 
(or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating the transaction. 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with these 
requirements above shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no assurance that these 
representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited transactions from occurring 
or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" for purposes of Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan Investors holding the Notes (or an interest 
therein). 
Each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition on sales to EEA retail investors" 
as 'Applicable' and includes a legend entitled "Prohibition on sales to EEA retail investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 274 ---
- 260 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition on sales to EEA retail investors" 
as 'Not Applicable', in relation to each Member State, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition on sales to UK retail investors" 
as 'Applicable' and includes a legend entitled "Prohibition on sales to UK retail investors", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available such Notes to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition on sales to UK retail investors" 
as 'Not Applicable', each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 275 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ADDRESSING ADDITIONAL UNITED KINGDOM SECURITIES 
LAWS 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer 
was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ADDRESSING ADDITIONAL NETHERLANDS SECURITIES 
LAWS 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm 
of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. admitted on one or more of the markets or systems held or operated by 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) (the "Dutch Saving Certificates Act") and its implementing 
regulations. 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect 
of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global 
form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into 
The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation 
to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever.

--- Page 276 ---
- 262 - 
 
 
AUSTRALIA 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) in relation to the 
Programme or the Notes has been (or will be) lodged with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission ("ASIC"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the relevant Final 
Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars) otherwise provides, 
it: 
(a) 
has not offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for the issue, sale 
or purchase of the Notes (or an interest in them) in, or into Australia (including an offer or invitation 
which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars or any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes (or an 
interest in them) in Australia, 
unless 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or the 
equivalent in another currency, in either case, disregarding monies lent by the offeror or 
its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors 
in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and does not 
require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory authority in 
Australia; and 
(iii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
SINGAPORE 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.

--- Page 277 ---
- 263 - 
 
 
HONG KONG 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
1. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
2. 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
PRC 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, and the Notes and any material or 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars relating 
to the Notes, have not been, and will not be submitted to become, approved/verified by or registered with 
any relevant government authorities under the PRC law. Accordingly the Notes may not be offered or sold 
directly or indirectly in the PRC and this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars may not be supplied to 
the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC 
directly or indirectly. The material or information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. The Notes may only be invested in 
by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of the type being offered or sold. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made, and will not make, any offers, promotions, solicitations 
for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where permitted by the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, PBoC and other competent authorities (or their respective successor authorities) 
or where the activity otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. PRC investors should note that they 
themselves are responsible for informing themselves about and observing all legal and regulatory 
restrictions, obtaining all relevant government approvals/licences, verifications and/or registrations (if any) 
from all relevant PRC governmental authorities (including but not limited to the People's Bank of China, 
the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the National 
Administration for Financial Regulation and/or other relevant regulatory bodies or successors of the 
aforementioned governmental and regulatory authorities), and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, 
including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment 
regulations. 
TAIWAN 
Subject to the paragraph below, the Notes may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors 
or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase outside Taiwan by such 
investors and/or (ii) in Taiwan, (A) in the case of Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Regulation Governing Offshore Structured Products of the Republic of China ("OSP Regulation") through 
bank trust departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance 
policies pursuant to the OSP Regulation or (B) in the case of Notes which are not "structured products" 
under the OSP Regulation, through properly licensed Taiwan intermediaries (including the non-
discretionary monetary trust of licensed banks in Taiwan acting as trustees) in such manner as complies 
with Taiwan law and regulation and/or (iii) in such other manner as may be permitted in accordance with 
Taiwan laws and regulations.

--- Page 278 ---
- 264 - 
 
 
As to the Notes to be listed on the Professional Board of Taipei Exchange in Taiwan pursuant to the Rules 
Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds of the Taipei Exchange, 
the above selling restriction is not applicable and following selling restriction shall apply instead: the Notes 
have not been, and shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than 
"professional institutional investors" as defined in Paragraph 2 of Article 4 of Taiwan Financial Consumer 
Protection Act. 
CANADA 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, the Notes have not been, and will 
not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and no 
securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or the merits of the Notes and any representation to the 
contrary is an offence. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute 
any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in 
compliance with applicable securities laws and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
(a) 
any offer or sale of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are "accredited 
investors" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions ("NI 45-106") or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in section 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario)), that are also "permitted clients" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), 
that are purchasing as principal, or are deemed to be purchasing as principal in accordance with 
applicable Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person created or used solely to purchase or 
hold the Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph (m) of the definition of 
"accredited investor" in section 1.1 of NI 45-106; 
(b) 
it is either (i) appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in each relevant 
province or territory to sell and deliver the Notes, (ii) such sale and delivery will be made through 
an affiliate of it that is so registered if the affiliate is registered in a category that permits such sale 
and has agreed to make such sale and delivery in compliance with the representations, warranties 
and agreements set out herein, or (ii) it is relying on an exemption from the dealer registration 
requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws and has complied with the requirements 
of that exemption; and 
(c) 
it has not and will not distribute or deliver any offering memorandum, or any other offering 
material in connection with any offering of the Notes, in or to a resident of Canada, except in 
compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws. 
JERSEY 
The Notes are not and will not be registered in Jersey. 
The Notes may be offered, sold or delivered to investors resident in Jersey. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the "Commission") has given and not withdrawn its consent 
under Article 8(2) of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, to the circulation in Jersey 
of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the relevant Final Terms in respect of each issue of 
Notes. The Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against 
any liability arising from the discharge of its functions under the law. 
BELGIUM 
The section headed "Prohibition on Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above is applicable in respect of sales 
to investors in Belgium.

--- Page 279 ---
- 265 - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial 
Services and Markets Authority.  Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify 
as money market instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation) may 
not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of 
the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of 
investment instruments to trading on a regulated market. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any Belgian Consumer.  For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van 
economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or 
located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
SWITZERLAND 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the "FinSA"), 
and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any Final Terms nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to any Notes (A) constitutes a prospectus as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (B) has been or will be filed with or approved 
by a review body within the meaning of article 52 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any Final Terms nor other 
offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Notes to be issued, the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree that (i) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the FinSA and/or (ii) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to 
admit such Notes to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable requirements of the FinSA and the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019, as amended (the "FinSO"), in connection with 
such offering and/or application for admission to trading. 
(c) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that under no circumstances may Notes with a derivative 
character within the meaning of article 86(2) of the FinSO be offered or recommended to private 
clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, unless a key information document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) FinSA (or any equivalent document under the 
FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such Notes. 
(d) 
The Notes do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (as amended, the 
"CISA"), and, therefore, the Notes are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by FINMA, 
and investors in the Notes will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by 
FINMA. 
SPAIN 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars have been registered with the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).  Accordingly, the Notes

--- Page 280 ---
- 266 - 
 
 
may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, 
except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying 
with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the Spanish Law 6/2023, 
of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and the Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los 
Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the "Spanish Securities Markets and Investment 
Services Law"), Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 November, on the legal regime applicable to investment 
services companies (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas 
de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión), as amended or 
replaced from time to time, and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law and further developing 
legislation. 
FRANCE 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as referred to in Article L.411-2 
1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed, in France to such qualified 
investors, this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, any Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes. 
ITALY 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale 
or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian 
securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority. 
SWEDEN 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (a) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been 
approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant 
Member State and such competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the 
prospectus has been approved with respect to the Prospectus Regulation and the Swedish Act with 
Supplementary Provisions to the Prospectus Regulation (lagen (2019:414) med kompletterande 
bestämmelser till EU:s prospektförordning); or (b) an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Swedish Act with Supplementary Provisions to the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 281 ---
- 267 - 
 
 
NORWAY 
The Notes must be initially recorded with Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised 
as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (a) the Notes are 
denominated in Norwegian Krone ("NOK") and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian 
residents only, or (b) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside 
of Norway. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material and to obtain any consent, approval or permission required by them for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by them of any Notes under the law and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which they are 
subject or in which they make such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, in all cases at their own expense, 
and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. In accordance with the above, any 
Notes purchased by any person which it wishes to offer for sale or resale may not be offered in any 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would result in the Issuer being obliged to register any further 
prospectus or corresponding document relating to the Notes in such jurisdiction. 
In particular, but without limiting the generality of the preceding paragraph, and subject to any amendment 
or supplement which may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of any particular Series or Tranche, each 
purchaser of Notes must comply with the restrictions described above, except to the extent (if at all) that 
such restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction shall, as a result of change(s) in, or change(s) in official 
interpretation of, applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or amended with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or amendment will be set out in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus (in 
the case of a supplement or amendment relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other 
case) in a supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars.

--- Page 282 ---
- 268 - 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
1. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
On or prior to the 40th day after the issue date of a Tranche of Notes represented by an Unrestricted 
Global Note, a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note may be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such beneficial interest through the Restricted Global Note only upon receipt 
by the relevant Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in substantially the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who 
is or whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer, in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with applicable securities laws. After 
such 40th day, such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
A beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note may also be transferred to a person who wishes 
to hold such beneficial interest through the Unrestricted Global Note only upon receipt by the 
relevant Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in substantially the form scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
applicable securities laws. 
Any beneficial interest in either the Restricted Global Note or the Unrestricted Global Note that is 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the other such 
Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a beneficial interest in such Global Note and become 
a beneficial interest in the other such Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all 
transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to a beneficial interest in the other such Global 
Note for so long as such person retains such an interest. 
Restricted Global Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Global Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A, by accepting delivery 
of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the Restricted Global Notes, will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows: 
(i) 
It (A) is a qualified institutional buyer, (B) is acquiring the Restricted Global Notes for its 
own account or for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, (C) is not 
formed for the purpose of investing in the Restricted Global Notes or the Issuer and (D) is 
aware, and each beneficial owner of such Restricted Global Notes has been advised, that 
the sale of the Restricted Global Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(ii) 
The Restricted Global Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in 
accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, 
reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, (b) in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, (c) pursuant to an exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available) or (d) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and (ii) it 
will, and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Global Notes is required to, notify any 
purchaser of the Restricted Global Notes from it of the resale restrictions on the Restricted 
Global Notes. 
(iii) 
The Restricted Global Notes and any Registered Notes in definitive form offered in 
reliance on Rule 144A or exchanged for Restricted Global Notes ("Restricted Definitive 
Notes") will bear a legend to the following effect, unless the Issuer determines otherwise 
in accordance with applicable law: 
"THIS GLOBAL NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION OF THE

--- Page 283 ---
- 269 - 
 
 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON THAT THE 
SELLER OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES 
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 
144A (A "QIB") UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS, (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED 
BY RULE 144A (IF AVAILABLE), OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION 
CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY 
RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE NOTES." 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
"EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN) 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO 
LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR 
PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS 
THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR 
LAW"), OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR 
LAW. 
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" 
BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE 
FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A 
"GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A NON-U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A 
"CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT 
HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A 
BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT

--- Page 284 ---
- 270 - 
 
 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN 
ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH A 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THESE 
REQUIREMENTS ABOVE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO." 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms it will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an 
interest therein), that (i) either (A) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any 
Similar Law. 
A "Benefit Plan Investor" is an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 
3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a "plan" within the meaning of Section 
4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code or a person or entity 
whose underlying assets include, or are deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of an 
investment in the person or entity by the foregoing employee benefit plan or plan under 
the U.S. Department of Labor regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by 
Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. A "Similar Plan" is a "governmental plan" within the meaning of Section 3(32) 
of ERISA, a non-U.S. plan described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA, a "church plan" within 
the meaning of Section 3(33) of ERISA that has made no election under Section 410(d) of 
the Code or a benefit plan that is not a Benefit Plan Investor. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of a Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note 
(or an interest therein), that (X) none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, 
the Registrars or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") has provided 
any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor, or any 
fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who otherwise 
has discretion or authority over the investment and management of "plan assets" ("Plan 
Fiduciary"), on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in 
connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the 
Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of 
such a Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
(v) 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with 
these requirements above (iii) and (iv) shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no 
assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan 
Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein).

--- Page 285 ---
- 271 - 
 
 
(vi) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their respective 
affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of Restricted Global Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). If it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or 
more qualified institutional buyers, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with 
respect to each of those accounts and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note or a Restricted Definitive 
Note bearing the legend referred to above, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the 
Issuer will deliver only Restricted Definitive Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove 
such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the relevant Registrar 
an opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of United States counsel experienced in giving 
opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the United States to the effect 
that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to maintain 
compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Unrestricted Global Notes and Uncertificated Swiss Notes 
Each purchaser of Unrestricted Global Notes and/or Uncertificated Swiss Notes sold pursuant to 
Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of such Unrestricted Global Notes and/or 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, 
by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the Unrestricted Global 
Notes and/or Uncertificated Swiss Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Unrestricted Global Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Notes are purchased 
will be, the beneficial owner of such Unrestricted Global Notes or Uncertificated Swiss 
Notes and it is not a US person and it is located outside the United States (within the 
meaning of Regulation S). 
(ii) 
It understands that such Unrestricted Global Notes and Uncertificated Swiss Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and that, prior 
to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Unrestricted Global Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Notes except 
(a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf 
reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account, or for 
the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers or (b) in an offshore transaction 
in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(iii) 
It understands that the Unrestricted Global Notes, unless otherwise determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the 
following form: 
"THIS GLOBAL NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT, 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT."

--- Page 286 ---
- 272 - 
 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
"EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN) 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO 
LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR 
PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS 
THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR 
(II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" 
BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE 
FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A 
"GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A NON-U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A 
"CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT 
HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A 
BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN 
ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH A 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THESE 
REQUIREMENTS ABOVE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO."

--- Page 287 ---
- 273 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms it will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an 
interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction or a violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of a Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note 
(or an interest therein), that (X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan 
Fiduciary, on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in 
connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the 
Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of 
such a Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
(v) 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with 
these requirements above (iii) and (iv) shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no 
assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan 
Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein). 
(vi) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their respective 
affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of Unrestricted Global Notes and/or Uncertificated Swiss Notes is no longer 
accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). If it is acquiring 
any Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, it represents that 
it has sole investment discretion with respect to each of those accounts and that it has full 
power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on 
behalf of each such account. 
Unified Global Notes 
In the case of the issue or transfer of Notes to or for a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Notes represented by a Unified Global Note, within the period when the Notes represented by a 
Unified Global Note are not "freely tradable" as defined in Condition 4(f) (Transfer of Registered 
Notes): 
(a) 
Purchases: Each purchaser of Notes represented by a Unified Global Note will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that either (x) it is a QIB purchasing (or 
holding) the Notes for its own account or the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware, 
and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that any sale is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A and it has delivered an investor representation letter from the 
relevant transferee substantially in the form of Schedule 3 (Form of Transfer Certificate) 
to the Agency Agreement or (y) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person. 
(b) 
Transfers: In the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of Notes 
represented by a Unified Global Note, from a holder of Notes represented by that Unified 
Global Note within such period, upon (x) with respect only to transfers pursuant to Rule 
144A, delivery of a duly executed investor representation letter from the relevant 
transferee substantially in the form of Schedule 3 (Form of Transfer Certificate) to the 
Agency Agreement and (y) certification (in the form available from any Paying Agent) to 
the Registrar by the transferor thereof that such transfer is being made either (x) to a person

--- Page 288 ---
- 274 - 
 
 
whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is acquiring such Notes in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or (y) to a non-U.S. person in an 
offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
(c) 
Legend: Each Unified Global Note will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. THE 
PURCHASER OF ANY NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE, 
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON 
THE TRANSFER OF THE NOTES AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER 
ANY NOTE ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO 
HEREIN OR IN THE FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT OR DRAWDOWN 
PROSPECTUS ATTACHED HERETO. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND THE FINAL TERMS OR PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN AND OTHER THAN PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR OTHERWISE 
THEREUNDER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS INCLUDING THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO 
THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND SHALL BE DELIVERED TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE ARE 
TRANSFERRED. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR THE RESALE OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT IS PURCHASING THAT IT AND EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS 
EITHER (i) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN 
A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (ii) NOT A U.S. PERSON AND HAS ACQUIRED SUCH 
INTEREST IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS 
OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. FOR PURPOSES OF THE 
PRECEDING SENTENCE, THE TERM "U.S. PERSON" MEANS (A) A "U.S. 
PERSON" AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
(B) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN THE INTERPRETIVE GUIDANCE AND 
POLICY STATEMENT REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN SWAP 
REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE COMMODITY FUTURES AND 
TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") PURSUANT TO THE CEA, OR (C) A 
PERSON OTHER THAN A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC RULE 4.7, IN EACH CASE, AS SUCH DEFINITION MAY BE AMENDED, 
MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME. ANY RESALE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER OF INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE MAY, IF APPLICABLE, REQUIRE THE TRANSFEROR 
TO SUBMIT TO THE REGISTRAR A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER, IN THE 
APPROPRIATE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 3 (FORM OF TRANSFER 
CERTIFICATE) TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN, 
TOGETHER, WITH RESPECT ONLY TO TRANSFERS PURSUANT TO RULE 144A

--- Page 289 ---
- 275 - 
 
 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WITH A DULY EXECUTED INVESTOR 
REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE 
FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 3 TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED 
TO HEREIN. IF AT ANY TIME THE REGISTRAR SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES 
OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT THE HOLDER OF ANY 
INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE 
WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
AGREEMENT SET FORTH IN ANY INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER OR 
ANY DEEMED REPRESENTATION OR AGREEMENT OF SUCH HOLDER, THE 
PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO 
AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE PURPORTED TRANSFEREE (SUCH 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A "DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE") AND THE 
LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT A 
DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A 
HOLDER THEREOF RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF SUCH TRANSFER OF 
SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH HOLDER. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A REGISTRAR, THE PURCHASER 
AGREES TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE 
WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED 
GLOBAL NOTE IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE NOTES AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON 
AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE 
OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE PURCHASER 
OF A NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT." 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
"EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN) 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO 
LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR PLAN" 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT 
ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR 
(II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" 
BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE 
FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF

--- Page 290 ---
- 276 - 
 
 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A 
"GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A NON-U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A 
"CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT 
HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A 
BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN 
ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH A 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THESE 
REQUIREMENTS ABOVE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. " 
(d) 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms it will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an 
interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any 
Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of a Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note 
(or an interest therein), that (X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan 
Fiduciary, on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in 
connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the 
Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of 
such a Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
(e) 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with 
these requirements above (c) and (d) shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no 
assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan 
Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein).

--- Page 291 ---
- 277 - 
 
 
(f) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their respective 
affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of Unified Global Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
2. 
EXCHANGE OF INTERESTS IN REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES FOR REGISTERED 
DEFINITIVE NOTES 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note will be exchangeable for Restricted Definitive 
Notes: (i) if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Restricted Global Note or ceases to be a 
"clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, or is at any time no longer eligible to act as 
such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of 
such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or (ii) if the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate 
the book-entry system through DTC; or (iii) if Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or 
Clearstream Frankfurt is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or (iv) if an 
event of default occurs as set out in Condition 11 (Events of Default); or (v) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, if the holder of the relevant Restricted Global Note requests that such interest 
be exchanged for Restricted Definitive Notes in the relevant form. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, 
for Registered Notes in definitive form ("Unrestricted Definitive Notes" together with the 
Restricted Definitive Notes, the "Registered Definitive Notes"): (i) in the case of any Unrestricted 
Global Note held by or on behalf of DTC, (a) if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing 
or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note or ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, 
or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified 
successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or 
(b) if the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate the book-entry system through DTC; or (ii) if 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt, or (in respect of Unrestricted 
Global Notes held through the CMU) the HKMA as operator of the CMU, is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or (iii) if an event of default occurs as set out in Condition 
11 (Events of Default); or (iv) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, if the holder of the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note requests that such interest be exchanged for Unrestricted Definitive 
Notes in the relevant form. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery of Unrestricted Definitive Notes in 
exchange for the Unrestricted Global Notes and/or Restricted Definitive Notes in exchange for the 
Restricted Global Notes, as the case may be. A person having an interest in a Registered Global 
Note must provide the relevant Registrar with (i) a written order containing instructions and such 
other information as the Issuer and the relevant Registrar may require to complete, execute and 
deliver such Registered Definitive Notes and (ii) in the case of the Restricted Global Note only, a 
fully completed, signed certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not 
transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant 
to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 144A. Restricted Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in the Restricted 
Global Note shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A, as set out under 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global Note 
for Registered Definitive Notes for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for any 
payment of principal.

--- Page 292 ---
- 278 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 24 June 1998. The 2015 annual update of the Programme and subsequent annual 
updates of the Programme were authorised by the Group Treasurer of the Issuer on 19 June 2015. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
2. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus or the Base Listing Particulars (as applicable) to 
be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market and its Global 
Exchange Market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. It is expected that each Series of Notes which is to be admitted to Euronext Dublin 
will be admitted separately as and when it is issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant Notes 
(in bearer or registered form and in global or definitive form). 
It is further expected that the admission of Notes issued under the Programme to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market will be granted after the Central Bank of Ireland 
has provided the CSSF with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
It is further expected that the admission of Notes, issued under the Programme to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market, will be granted. 
3. 
Save as disclosed in the "Description of UBS AG" section in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars, no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which UBS AG is aware) which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on UBS AG's and/or the UBS AG Group's financial position or 
profitability, are or have been pending during the last 12 months until the date of this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of UBS AG 
or the UBS AG Group since 31 March 2024, which is the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published. 
5. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of UBS AG or the UBS AG Group 
since 31 December 2023. 
6. 
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 the consolidated financial statements of UBS AG 
were audited, without qualifications, by Ernst & Young Ltd, chartered accountants. Ernst & Young 
Ltd is a member of EXPERTsuisse, the Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary. 
7. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, electronic 
versions of the following documents (including English translations where relevant) may be 
inspected at the registered office of the Issuer and, in the case of items (i) – (v) at 
https://www.ubs.com/, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
items 
(vi) 
and 
(vii) 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and in the case of item (viii) at http://www.luxse.com. 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of UBS AG (as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Annual Report 2023; 
(iii) 
the Standalone Financial Statements 2023; 
(iv) 
UBS AG's unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, giving effect to the Credit Suisse AG acquisition as if the 
acquisition was completed on 1 January 2023, furnished as an exhibit to the Form 6-K 
which the Issuer filed with the SEC on 28 March 2024; 
(v) 
the UBS AG First Quarter 2024 Report; 
(vi) 
any amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars published

--- Page 293 ---
- 279 - 
 
 
since the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars; 
(vii) 
each Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme that 
are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market; 
(viii) 
each Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme that 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market; and 
(ix) 
each Pricing Supplement for Notes issued under the Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
8. 
The Notes have been or may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, DTC, Clearstream Frankfurt, SIS, the CMU and/or any other clearing system as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard de Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of 
DTC is 140 58th Street, Brooklyn, NY 11220, United States of America; the address of Clearstream 
Frankfurt is Mergenthalerallee 61 65760 Eschborn Germany; the address of SIS is Baslerstrasse 
100, 4601 Olten, Switzerland; and the address of the HKMA, as operator of the CMU, is 55th Floor, 
Two International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street Central Hong Kong. 
The appropriate Common Code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), CMU 
Instrument Number, CUSIP, Swiss Securities (Valor) Number, Financial International Short Name 
(FISN) or Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) in relation to the 
Instruments of each Tranche will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
9. 
In the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) in global form, held in a clearing system, 
investors will have certain direct rights of enforcement against the Issuer in the event of such global 
note becoming void ("Direct Rights"). The Direct Rights are contained in the Deed of Covenant, 
copies of which are available for inspection during normal business hours at the office of the 
relevant Agent. 
10. 
Regulations in Australia restrict or prohibit payments, transactions and dealings with assets having 
a prescribed connection with certain countries or named individuals or entities subject to 
international sanctions or associated with terrorism. 
11. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business, and which could result in any member of the UBS AG Group being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
12. 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. In 
the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, 
the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche. 
13. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated on the 
basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
14. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial 
advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing, 
cash management and brokerage activities. The Dealers and their affiliates have performed and 
will continue to perform investment banking, commercial banking, hedging, cash management and

--- Page 294 ---
- 280 - 
 
 
advisory services for the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, including acting as underwriters 
or book-runners in the Issuer's past offerings, for which they have received or may receive 
customary fees and expenses. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal 
or make markets in the Notes, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
15. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to any stock exchange 
or listing venue mentioned herein. 
16. 
To the extent that any underwriter that is not U.S. registered broker-dealer intends to effect any 
offers or sales of any notes in the United States, it will do so through one or more U.S. registered 
broker-dealers in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations. 
17. 
The language of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is English. Certain legislative 
references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
18. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of UBS AG is BFM8T61CT2L1QCEMIK50. 
19. 
This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is valid until 14 June 2025. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 295 ---
REGISTERED OFFICES OF UBS AG 
Aeschenvorstadt 1 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS AG BRANCHES 
UBS AG Australia Branch 
Level 16, Chifley Tower 
2 Chifley Square 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch 
52/F, Two International Finance Centre 
8 Finance Street 
Central 
Hong Kong 
UBS AG Jersey Branch 
1 IFC 
St Helier JE2 3BX 
Jersey 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS Securities LLC 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
AGENTS 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon, acting through its 
London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4 
D-60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS AG 
Aeschenvorstadt 1 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
IRISH PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch 
Riverside II 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
PAYING AGENTS AND REGISTRARS 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association 
100 Wall Street, Suite 600 
New York NY 10005 
United States of America 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 296 ---
UBS AG 
Aeschenvorstadt 1 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4 
D-60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building- Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
CMU LODGING AND PAYING AGENT 
AND REGISTRAR 
LISTING AGENT 
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking 
Corporation Limited 
Level 26, HSBC Main Building 
1 Queen's Road Central 
Hong Kong 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Swiss law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Homburger AG 
Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
To the Dealers as to Australian law 
To the Dealers as to Jersey law 
King & Wood Mallesons 
Level 61, Governor Phillip Tower 
1 Farrer Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey 
To the Issuer as to New York law 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
1 New Fetter Lane 
London EC4A 1AN 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Ltd 
Aeschengraben 27 
4051 Basel 
Switzerland