--- Page 1 ---
Dated 26 May 2022 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
UBS AG 
(incorporated with limited liability in Switzerland) 
Euro Note Programme 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
Arranger 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK

--- Page 2 ---
- 1 - 
Under this Euro Note Programme (the "Programme"), UBS AG (the "Issuer") (acting through its head 
offices in Basel and Zurich ("UBS Head Office") or its London branch ("UBS AG London Branch"), 
Jersey branch ("UBS AG Jersey Branch"), Australian branch ("UBS AG Australia Branch"), Hong Kong 
branch ("UBS AG Hong Kong Branch"), or any of its other branches outside Switzerland as it may from 
time to time determine (each a "Branch")) may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Issuer together 
with its subsidiaries is referred to herein as "UBS AG (consolidated)" or "UBS AG Group"; UBS Group 
AG, which is the holding company of the Issuer, the Issuer and the subsidiaries of both companies are 
referred to herein as "UBS", "UBS Group", "UBS Group AG (consolidated)" or the "Group". 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
"Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus 
during the period of 12 months after the date hereof (such approval, the "Central Bank Approval"). The 
Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months after the 
date hereof and which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or other regulated markets 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or which are to be offered to the public in any member 
state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). There can be no assurance that any such admission to 
trading will be obtained. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list 
and trading on the Regulated Market. 
Application will be made to list the Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). The Central Bank has been requested to provide 
the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") (in its capacity as 
Luxembourg's competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) with a certificate of 
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this document as Base Listing Particulars 
(the "Base Listing Particulars"). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the 
official list and to trading on the global exchange market (the "Global Exchange Market") which is the 
exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
In addition, application will be made to list the Notes issued under the Programme on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market is not a 
"regulated market" for the purposes of MiFID II. 
It is expected that this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto), together with evidence of 
the Central Bank Approval, will be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd as a review body within the 
meaning of article 52 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the "FinSA", and 
SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd as a review body, the "Swiss Review Body"), for automatic recognition as 
an approved base prospectus (within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA) in accordance with article 
54(2) of the FinSA. In connection with any such filing, such Swiss Review Body will not review or approve 
this Base Prospectus (as so supplemented) or any subsequently published supplements hereto. Once this 
Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) has been so filed and published in accordance with 
the FinSA, this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto published from time to time, which 
supplements, once approved by the Central Bank, will be filed with the Swiss Review Body and published 
in accordance with the FinSA) may be used, subject to any other applicable requirements under the FinSA 
or the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019, as amended (the "FinSO"), for any public 
offering of Notes in Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of Notes on the SIX Swiss

--- Page 3 ---
- 2 - 
Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. In such case, 
the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) will be filed with the Swiss Review Body and published in 
accordance with the FinSA. The Final Terms for any such Notes will not be reviewed or approved by such 
Swiss Review Body. The Central Bank is not the competent authority and will neither approve nor review 
the Final Terms in respect of such Notes. 
For each issue of Notes under the Programme which will require a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, final terms which contain the information required to complete this Base Prospectus for the 
relevant issue (each a "Final Terms"), or a separate prospectus specific to such issue of Notes (each a 
"Drawdown Prospectus"), will be prepared. 
For each issue of Notes which will not require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant 
pricing supplement specific to such issue of Notes will be prepared using one of the two forms contained 
in this Base Prospectus (see "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" and "Pro Forma Alternative Pricing 
Supplement" below), as elected by the Issuer (each a "Pricing Supplement"). In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement, each reference herein to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing 
Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise. 
Application has been made to the Central Bank for certificates of approval under Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be issued by the Central Bank to the competent 
authorities in Austria, France, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Spain. 
In addition to the applications already described above, the Issuer may, on or after the date of this Base 
Prospectus, make applications for one or more further certificates of approval under Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be issued by the Central Bank to the competent 
authority in any other Member State. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers (the "Dealers") named under "Selling Restrictions" that this Base 
Prospectus and/or Base Listing Particulars contains all necessary information with regard to it and its 
subsidiaries which is (in the context of the Programme or the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material 
to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial 
position and prospects of itself and its subsidiaries of the rights attached to such Notes and the reasons for 
the issuance of such Notes and the impact of such issuance on itself, as required by the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer has also confirmed to the Dealers that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and not misleading; (ii) there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars the omission of which would, in 
the context of the issue of the Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars 
(as applicable) misleading in any material respect; and (iii) all reasonable enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
UBS AG is both acting as the Issuer and acting as Dealers (through UBS AG and UBS AG London 
Branch) under the Programme. UBS Europe SE and UBS Securities LLC are wholly owned 
subsidiaries of UBS AG and are acting as Dealers under the Programme. Consequently, UBS AG as 
the Issuer is a "related issuer" of UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch, UBS Europe SE and UBS 
Securities LLC within the meaning of the Canadian National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts in connection with a distribution of the Notes in which such entity is acting as a Dealer. The 
determination of the terms of the distribution will be negotiated between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers 
at the time of an issuance of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 4 ---
- 3 - 
UBS AG Australia Branch is regulated as a foreign authorised deposit-taking institution ("Foreign ADI") 
for the purposes of the Banking Act of Australia 1959 ("Australian Banking Act"). The depositor 
protection provisions of Division 2 of Part II of the Australian Banking Act do not apply to the Issuer 
(including UBS AG Australia Branch). The Notes are neither "protected accounts" nor "deposit liabilities" 
within the meaning of the Australian Banking Act. However, under section 11F of the Australian Banking 
Act, if the Issuer (whether in or outside Australia) suspends payment or becomes unable to meet its 
obligations, the assets of the Issuer in Australia are to be available to meet its liabilities in Australia 
(including where those liabilities are in respect of the Notes) in priority to all other liabilities of the Issuer. 
Further, under section 86 of the Reserve Bank Act 1959 of Australia, debts due by the Issuer to the Reserve 
Bank of Australia shall in a winding-up of the Issuer have priority over all other debts of the Issuer. 
On 5 March 2018, the Financial Sector Legislation Amendment (Crisis Resolution Powers and Other 
Measures) Act 2018 of Australia (the "Crisis Management Act") came into effect. The Crisis Management 
Act amends the Australian Banking Act (among other statutes applicable to financial institutions in 
Australia) and is intended to enhance the powers of the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority 
("APRA"). Specifically, the Crisis Management Act enhances APRA's powers to facilitate the orderly 
resolution of the entities it regulates, including Foreign ADIs, in times of distress. 
Under the Australian Banking Act as amended by the Crisis Management Act, APRA may appoint a 
Banking Act statutory manager (as defined in the Australian Banking Act) to a Foreign ADI (of which UBS 
AG Australia Branch is one) in certain circumstances, including where APRA considers that the Foreign 
ADI may become unable to meet its obligations or may suspend payment and where certain steps have been 
taken to appoint an external administrator (or similar) in respect of the Foreign ADI in a foreign country. 
APRA's powers to appoint a Banking Act statutory manager do not apply to the business of a Foreign ADI 
(other than the Australian business assets and liabilities) or the management of the Foreign ADI to the 
extent that the management relates to such business of the foreign ADI. 
WARNING:  The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in 
Hong Kong. Investors are advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer of Notes. If an investor 
is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the investor should obtain independent 
professional advice. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State (as defined herein) in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish 
a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a "Public Offer". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in Ireland, Austria, 
France, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Spain (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction" and 
together, the "Public Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of 
Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent - see "Consent given 
in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation" below. 
If, after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add one or more Member States to the list of 
Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus

--- Page 5 ---
- 4 - 
specifying such Member State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuer to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in connection with any Public Offer in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accepts responsibility, 
in that Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") who purchases any Notes in that Public Offer Jurisdiction made by a Dealer or an Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised 
and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, 
the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with subparagraph (b)(i) below) offers to grant its consent, to the 
use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with any 
Public Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant Final Terms 
during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
(a) 
Specific consent 
(i) 
the Manager(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) by way of announcement and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General consent 
(i) 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other 
financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and (b) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the 
"Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of the 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by [ISSUER] (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer offering to 
grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in 
connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period 
in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), 
we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to 
make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to 
such terms in the Base Prospectus."

--- Page 6 ---
- 5 - 
Any financial intermediary falling within subparagraph (b)(i) above who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant 
Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuer are (in addition to the conditions described in either subparagraph 
(a) or subparagraph (b) under "Consent" above) that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(b) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in subparagraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) and (b)(i) above are together 
referred to herein as the "Authorised Offerors". 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Managers has any responsibility for any of 
the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in 
relation to such offer. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer"). 
The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus does not, and any Final Terms will not, contain such information. The Terms and Conditions 
of the Public Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is 
made. None of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Managers or other Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
UNAUTHORISED INFORMATION 
The Issuer has not authorised the making of any representation, or the provision of information, regarding 
the Issuer or the Notes other than as contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or the 
relevant Final Terms or as approved for such purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) 
should be considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers, that any recipient of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
- 6 - 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and any Final Terms and the offer, sale 
and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any 
Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Selling Restrictions" and the relevant 
Final Terms. Neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any Final Terms may be used for 
the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has not been, nor will be, lodged with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission and is not a 'prospectus' or other 'disclosure document' for the 
purposes of the Corporations Act. 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and may include Notes in bearer or uncertificated form that are subject to United States 
tax law requirements. Accordingly, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold (A) in registered form in the United States to "qualified institutional 
buyers" ("QIBs") only (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in reliance on 
Rule 144A and/or (B) in registered, bearer or uncertificated form outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons only (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) in reliance on 
Regulation S, provided that Notes eligible for sale in the United States to QIBs and to persons that are not 
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be in registered form and will initially be represented by a 
single unified global note (a "Unified Global Note"). Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers 
of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. See "Selling Restrictions". 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN 
THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER UNITED STATES REGULATORY AUTHORITY, 
NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE 
MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF THE NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS/BASE LISTING PARTICULARS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
For as long as any of the Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has agreed that it will, during any period in which it is 
neither subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, furnish, upon request, to any person in whose name such restricted securities are registered, to 
any owner of a beneficial interest in such restricted securities, and to any prospective purchaser of such 
restricted securities or beneficial interest therein designated by any such person or beneficial owner, the 
information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
- 7 - 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms, or elsewhere as deemed appropriate, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II product governance", which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MIFIR / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to

--- Page 9 ---
- 8 - 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified 
or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the 
appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
IMPORTANT – NOTES ARE NOT BANK DEPOSITS 
The Notes are not bank deposits:  An investment in the Notes carries risks which are very different from 
the risk profile of a bank deposit placed with UBS or its affiliates. The Notes may have different yield, 
liquidity and risk profiles and would not benefit from any protection provided to deposits. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
(v) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets. For example: 
 
a potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
an investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that, if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the relevant rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes; 
 
the market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities; and 
 
if the interest or redemption amount of a Tranche of Notes is linked to an index, formula 
or other variable (each a "Relevant Factor") or may be paid in one or more currencies 
which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated, potential 
investors in such Notes should be aware of the following and that there is a risk that any 
investor may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different 
currency than expected;

--- Page 10 ---
- 9 - 
(iv) 
the amount of principal payable at redemption may be less than the nominal 
amount of such Notes or even zero; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the 
Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the 
earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined below in "Use of Proceeds") or makes any representation 
or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of 
proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, or the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
DEFINITIONS 
All references in this Base Prospectus to: 
 
"Australia" are to the Commonwealth of Australia; 
 
"Australian dollars", "AUD" and "A$" are to the currency of Australia; 
 
"China" and the "PRC" are to the People's Republic of China and for geographical reference only 
(unless otherwise stated) exclude Taiwan, Macau and Hong Kong; 
 
the "EU" are to the European Union; 
 
"euro" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of the Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro as amended; 
 
"HK$" and "Hong Kong dollars" are to the currency of Hong Kong; 
 
"Hong Kong" are to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
 
"Japanese Yen" and "JPY" are to the currency of Japan; 
 
a "Member State" are to a Member State of the EEA; 
 
"Pound sterling" and "GBP" are to the currency of the United Kingdom; 
 
the "Prospectus Regulation" are to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, and include any relevant 
implementing measure in the Member State; 
 
"Renminbi", "Chinese Yuan" and "CNY" are to the currency of the PRC; 
 
"Singapore" are to the Republic of Singapore;

--- Page 11 ---
- 10 - 
 
"Swiss francs" and "CHF" are to the currency of Switzerland; 
 
"Switzerland" are to the Swiss Confederation; 
 
the "UK" or "United Kingdom" are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
 
the "United States", "US" or "U.S." are to the United States of America; and 
 
"U.S. dollars", "US dollars", "USD" and "US$" are to the currency of the United States of America. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded 
or re-enacted. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules and, in particular, must not be 
conducted in Australia or on a market operated inside Australia. Any loss or profit sustained as a 
consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilisation shall, as against the Issuer, be for the account 
of the Stabilising Manager(s). 
CREDIT RATINGS 
Details of the solicited credit ratings assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch Ratings") to UBS AG can be found in 
the section of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars headed "Description of UBS AG". 
Fitch Ratings is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") and currently appears on 
the list of credit rating agencies registered or certified with the Financial Conduct Authority published on 
its website www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras . Ratings given by 
Fitch Ratings are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and currently appears on 
the list of credit ratings agencies published by ESMA on its website www.esma.europa.eu  in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. S&P and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and currently appear on the list of credit ratings agencies published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Ratings given by S&P and Moody's are 
endorsed by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody's Investors Service Ltd, 
respectively, which are established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and currently 
appear on the list of credit rating agencies registered or certified with the FCA published on its website. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a rating has been solicited 
for a particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to 
UBS AG described in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued.

--- Page 12 ---
- 11 - 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes is (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA or the UK and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA or the UK but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" within the 
meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor 
or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations 
Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled to receive 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and anyone who receives this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to receive it. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. See "Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Notes – Ratings" for a description of risks relating to credit ratings.

--- Page 13 ---
- 12 - 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 13 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME IN RELATION TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER A PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................................... 44 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 55 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ................................................................................................ 61 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 119 
DESCRIPTION OF UBS AG .................................................................................................................. 121 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 133 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT................................................................................................ 157 
PRO FORMA ALTERNATIVE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................... 179 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 203 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................................................................................................... 234 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 245 
GENERAL CONSENT - THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS ..................................................... 255 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 258

--- Page 14 ---
- 13 - 
RISK FACTORS 
The risk factors described in this section relate to issuances of Notes under both this Base Prospectus and 
this Base Listing Particulars. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein). Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" and "General Terms and Conditions" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. In addition, 
the purchase of certain Notes may involve substantial risks and be suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks 
and the merits of an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should make such inquiries as they deem 
necessary without relying on the Issuer or any Dealer and should consult with their financial, tax, legal, 
accounting and other advisers, prior to deciding to make an investment in the Notes. 
Risks relating to UBS 
Certain risks, including those described below, may affect UBS AG's ability to execute its strategy or its 
business activities, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. UBS AG is inherently exposed 
to multiple risks, many of which may become apparent only with the benefit of hindsight. As a result, risks 
that UBS AG does not consider to be material or of which UBS AG is not currently aware could also 
adversely affect UBS. Within each category, the risks that UBS AG considers to be most material are 
presented first. 
The Issuer has assessed materiality on a qualitative basis considering potential magnitude of the negative 
effects on the Issuer from the occurrence of a risk and the probability of occurrence of that risk. The Issuer 
believes the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in securities 
issued by UBS AG as Issuer, but additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that the 
Issuer currently believes are not material may also adversely affect its ability to execute its strategy or its 
business activities, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If any of the risks actually 
occur, the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the UBS 
Group could be materially adversely affected. 
Market, credit and macroeconomic risks 
Performance in the financial services industry is affected by market conditions and the macroeconomic 
climate 
UBS AG's businesses are materially affected by market and macroeconomic conditions. A market downturn 
and weak macroeconomic conditions can be precipitated by a number of factors, including geopolitical 
events, such as international armed conflicts, the imposition of sanctions, global trade or global supply 
chain disruptions, changes in monetary or fiscal policy, changes in trade policies or international trade 
disputes, significant inflationary or deflationary price changes, disruptions in one or more concentrated 
economic sectors, natural disasters, pandemics, civil unrest, acts of violence, war or terrorism. Such 
developments can have unpredictable and destabilising effects. 
For example, as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, several jurisdictions, including the US, the EU, 
the UK, Switzerland and others, have imposed extensive sanctions on Russia and Belarus and certain 
Russian and Belarusian entities and nationals, as well as the Russian Central Bank.  Among others, the 
financial sanctions include barring certain Russian banks from using the Society for Worldwide Interbank 
Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) messaging system, asset freezes for sanctioned individuals and 
corporations and limits on financial transactions with sanctioned entities and individuals.  In addition, the 
EU and Switzerland have prohibited acceptance of deposits in excess of EUR 100,000 from Russian persons 
not entitled to residency in the EEA or Switzerland.  The war in Ukraine has led to the largest humanitarian 
crisis in Europe in decades with millions of people displaced, a mass exodus of businesses from Russia, 
and heightened volatility across global markets.  The scale of the conflict and the speed and extent of 
sanctions may produce many of the effects described above, including in ways that cannot now be 
anticipated. 
Adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, securities prices, market volatility and liquidity, foreign 
exchange rates, commodity prices, and other market fluctuations, as well as changes in investor sentiment,

--- Page 15 ---
- 14 - 
can affect UBS AG's earnings and ultimately its financial and capital positions. As financial markets are 
global and highly interconnected, local and regional events can have widespread effects well beyond the 
countries in which they occur. Any of these developments may adversely affect UBS AG's business or 
financial results. 
If individual countries impose restrictions on cross-border payments, trade, or other exchange or capital 
controls, or change their currency (for example, if one or more countries should leave the Eurozone or as 
result of the imposition of sanctions on individuals, entities or countries), UBS AG could suffer losses from 
enforced default by counterparties, be unable to access its own assets, or be unable to effectively manage 
its risks. 
Should the market experience significant volatility, a decrease in business and client activity and market 
volumes could result, which would adversely affect UBS AG's ability to generate transaction fees, 
commissions and margins, particularly in Global Wealth Management and the Investment Bank, as UBS 
AG experienced in the fourth quarter of 2018. A market downturn would likely reduce the volume and 
valuation of assets that UBS AG manages on behalf of clients, which would reduce recurring fee income 
that is charged based on invested assets in Global Wealth Management and Asset Management and 
performance-based fees in Asset Management. Such a downturn could also cause a decline in the value of 
assets that UBS AG owns and account for as investments or trading positions. In addition, reduced market 
liquidity or volatility may limit trading opportunities and may therefore reduce transaction-based income 
and may also impede the ability of UBS AG to manage risks. 
UBS AG could be materially affected if a crisis develops, regionally or globally, as a result of disruptions 
in markets due to macroeconomic or political developments, or as a result of the failure of a major market 
participant. Over time, UBS AG's strategic plans have become more heavily dependent on its ability to 
generate growth and revenue in emerging markets, including China, causing UBS AG to be more exposed 
to the risks associated with such markets. 
Global Wealth Management derives revenues from all the principal regions, but has a greater concentration 
in Asia than many peers and a substantial presence in the US, unlike many European peers. The Investment 
Bank's business is more heavily weighted to Europe and Asia than its peers, while its derivatives business 
is more heavily weighted to structured products for wealth management clients, in particular with European 
and Asian underlyings. UBS AG's performance may therefore be more affected by political, economic and 
market developments in these regions and businesses than some other financial service providers. 
UBS AG's credit risk exposure to clients, trading counterparties and other financial institutions would 
increase under adverse or other economic conditions 
Credit risk is an integral part of many of UBS AG's activities, including lending, underwriting and 
derivatives activities. Adverse economic or market conditions, or the imposition of sanctions or other 
restrictions on clients, counterparties or financial institutions, may lead to impairments and defaults on these 
credit exposures. Losses may be exacerbated by declines in the value of collateral securing loans and other 
exposures. In UBS AG's prime brokerage, securities finance and Lombard lending businesses, UBS AG 
extends substantial amounts of credit against securities collateral, the value or liquidity of which may 
decline rapidly. Market closures, the imposition of exchange controls, sanctions or other measures may 
limit the ability of UBS AG to settle existing transactions or to realise on collateral, which may result in 
unexpected increases in exposures. UBS AG Group's Swiss mortgage and corporate lending portfolios are 
a large part of its overall lending. UBS AG is therefore exposed to the risk of adverse economic 
developments in Switzerland, including property valuations in the housing market, the strength of the Swiss 
franc and its effect on Swiss exports, prevailing negative interest rates applied by the Swiss National Bank, 
economic conditions within the Eurozone or the EU, and the evolution of agreements between Switzerland 
and the EU or European Economic Area, which represent Switzerland's largest export market. UBS AG 
Group has exposures related to real estate in various countries, including a substantial Swiss mortgage 
portfolio. Although UBS AG believes this portfolio is prudently managed, it could nevertheless be exposed 
to losses if a substantial deterioration in the Swiss real estate market were to occur. 
As UBS experienced in 2020, under the IFRS 9 expected credit loss ("ECL") regime, credit loss expenses 
may increase rapidly at the onset of an economic downturn as a result of higher levels of credit impairments 
(stage 3), as well as higher ECL from stages 1 and 2. Substantial increases in ECL could exceed expected 
loss for regulatory capital purposes and adversely affect UBS's common equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital and 
regulatory capital ratios.

--- Page 16 ---
- 15 - 
Interest rate trends and changes could negatively affect UBS AG's financial results 
The low or negative interest rate environment, particularly in Switzerland and the Eurozone, may further 
erode interest margins and adversely affect the net interest income generated by the Personal & Corporate 
Banking and Global Wealth Management businesses. The Swiss National Bank permits Swiss banks to 
make deposits up to a threshold at zero interest. Any reduction in or limitation on the use of this exemption 
from the otherwise applicable negative interest rates would exacerbate the effect of negative interest rates 
in Switzerland on UBS AG's business. 
Low and negative interest rates may also affect customer behaviour and hence UBS AG's overall balance 
sheet structure. Mitigating actions that UBS AG has taken, or may take in the future, such as the introduction 
of selective deposit fees or minimum lending rates, have resulted and may further result in the loss of 
customer deposits (a key source of funding for UBS AG), net new money outflows and a declining market 
share in UBS AG's Swiss lending business. Interest rates in the US and some other markets are expected to 
increase as central banks respond to higher inflation. As returns for alternatives to deposits, such as money 
market funds, increase with interest rates, UBS AG may experience outflows of customer deposits or a 
higher cost of deposit funding if customers shift from deposits to alternative products. 
UBS's shareholders' equity and capital are also affected by changes in interest rates. In particular, the 
calculation of UBS's Swiss pension plan's net defined benefit assets and liabilities is sensitive to the applied 
discount rate and to fluctuations in the value of pension plan assets. Any further reduction in interest rates 
may lower the discount rates and result in pension plan deficits as a result of the long duration of 
corresponding liabilities. This could lead to a corresponding reduction in UBS's equity and CET1 capital. 
UBS AG's results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the COVID-19 
pandemic and the response to it 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental measures taken to manage it, as well as labour market 
displacements, supply chain disruptions, and inflationary pressures, may continue to adversely affect global 
and regional economic conditions, resulting in contraction in the global economy, substantial volatility in 
the financial markets, crises in markets for goods and services, as well as significant disruptions in certain 
regional real estate markets, increased unemployment, increased credit and counterparty risk, and 
operational challenges. Governments and central banks around the world reacted to the economic crisis 
caused by the pandemic by implementing stimulus and liquidity programs and cutting interest rates, and 
have begun to phase out pandemic relief. In addition, while vaccination campaigns have had significant 
success in some regions and a number of economies are recovering, outbreaks in locations where 
vaccination rates are low or vaccines are unavailable on a large scale, as well as the spread of new variants 
of COVID-19, create uncertainty around a sustainable recovery. Resurgence of the pandemic, 
ineffectiveness of vaccines and continuance or imposition of new pandemic control measures may result in 
additional adverse effects on the global economy negatively affecting UBS's results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The COVID-19 pandemic affected all of UBS's businesses, and these effects could be greater in the future 
if adverse conditions persist or worsen. These effects included declines in some asset prices, spikes in 
volatility, inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, lower or negative interest rates, widening of 
credit spreads and credit deterioration. These effects have resulted in decreases in the valuation of loans 
and commitments, an increase in the allowance for credit losses and lower valuations of certain classes of 
trading assets. While many of these effects have reversed as economies have reopened and economic 
stimulus has been maintained, or were offset by high levels of client activity and by improved asset prices 
in many sectors in 2021, these favourable conditions may not persist. In particular, real estate markets in 
some regions may be significantly disrupted as a result of repeated temporary closures of business, 
sheltering-in-place directives, and remote work protocols enacted to respond to seasonal increases in 
infection rates of COVID-19. 
Should inflationary pressures or other adverse global market conditions persist, or should the pandemic 
lead to additional economic or market disruptions, UBS AG may experience reduced client activity and 
demand for its products and services, increased utilisation of lending commitments, significantly increased 
client defaults, continued and increasing credit and valuation losses in UBS AG's loan portfolios, loan 
commitments and other assets, and impairments of other financial assets.

--- Page 17 ---
- 16 - 
A fall in equity markets and consequent decline in invested assets would also reduce recurring fee income 
in UBS's Global Wealth Management and Asset Management businesses. These factors and other 
consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect its financial condition, including possible 
constraints on capital and liquidity, as well as a higher cost of capital, and possible downgrades to UBS 
AG's credit ratings. 
The extent to which the pandemic, and the related adverse economic conditions, affect UBS AG's 
businesses, results of operations and financial condition, as well as its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, 
will depend on future developments, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any recovery 
period, the adequacy of vaccine distribution plans and execution of those plans, as well as the efficacy of 
vaccines against potential virus variants, future actions taken by governmental authorities, central banks 
and other third parties in response to the pandemic, and the effects on UBS's customers, counterparties, 
employees and third-party service providers. 
Currency fluctuation may have an adverse effect on UBS AG's profits, balance sheet and regulatory capital 
UBS AG is subject to currency fluctuation risks. Although the change from the Swiss franc to the US dollar 
as its functional and presentation currency in 2018 reduces UBS AG's exposure to currency fluctuation 
risks with respect to the Swiss franc, a substantial portion of its assets and liabilities are denominated in 
currencies other than the US dollar. Additionally, in order to hedge UBS AG's CET1 capital ratio, its CET1 
capital must have foreign currency exposure, which leads to currency sensitivity. As a consequence, it is 
not possible to simultaneously fully hedge both the amount of capital and the capital ratio. Accordingly, 
changes in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect UBS AG's profits, balance sheet and capital, 
leverage and liquidity coverage ratios. 
Regulatory and legal risks 
Material legal and regulatory risks arise in the conduct of UBS AG's business 
As a global financial services firm operating in more than 50 countries, UBS AG is subject to many different 
legal, tax and regulatory regimes, including extensive regulatory oversight, and is exposed to significant 
liability risk. UBS AG is subject to a large number of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and government 
investigations, and UBS AG expects that its ongoing business activities will continue to give rise to such 
matters in the future. The extent of UBS AG's financial exposure to these and other matters is material and 
could substantially exceed the level of provisions that UBS AG has established. UBS AG is unable to 
predict the financial and non-financial consequences these matters may have when resolved. 
UBS AG may be subject to adverse preliminary determinations or court decisions that may negatively affect 
public perception and its reputation, result in prudential actions from regulators, and cause it to record 
additional provisions for such matters even when it believes it has substantial defences and expects to 
ultimately achieve a more favourable outcome. This risk is illustrated by the award of aggregate penalties 
and damages of EUR 4.5 billion by the court of first instance in France. This award was reduced to an 
aggregate of EUR 1.8 billion by the Court of Appeal, and UBS has further appealed this judgment. 
Resolution of regulatory proceedings may require UBS AG to obtain waivers of regulatory disqualifications 
to maintain certain operations; may entitle regulatory authorities to limit, suspend or terminate licenses and 
regulatory authorisations; and may permit financial market utilities to limit, suspend or terminate UBS AG's 
participation in them. Failure to obtain such waivers, or any limitation, suspension or termination of 
licenses, authorisations or participations, could have material adverse consequences for UBS AG. 
UBS AG's settlements with governmental authorities in connection with foreign exchange, London 
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other benchmark interest rates starkly illustrate the significantly 
increased level of financial and reputational risk now associated with regulatory matters in major 
jurisdictions. In connection with investigations related to LIBOR and other benchmark rates and to foreign 
exchange and precious metals, very large fines and disgorgement amounts were assessed against UBS, and 
it was required to enter guilty pleas despite its full cooperation with the authorities in the investigations, 
and despite its receipt of conditional leniency or conditional immunity from anti-trust authorities in a 
number of jurisdictions, including the US and Switzerland. 
For a number of years UBS AG has been, and continues to be, subject to a very high level of regulatory 
scrutiny and to certain regulatory measures that constrain its strategic flexibility. UBS AG believes it has

--- Page 18 ---
- 17 - 
remediated the deficiencies that led to significant losses in the past and made substantial changes in its 
controls and conduct risk frameworks to address the issues highlighted by the LIBOR-related, foreign 
exchange and precious metals regulatory resolutions. UBS AG has also undertaken extensive efforts to 
implement new regulatory requirements and meet heightened expectations. 
UBS AG continues to be in active dialogue with regulators concerning the actions it is taking to improve 
its operational risk management, risk control, anti-money laundering, data management and other 
frameworks, and otherwise seek to meet supervisory expectations, but there can be no assurance that its 
efforts will have the desired effects. As a result of this history, UBS AG's level of risk with respect to 
regulatory enforcement may be greater than that of some of its peers. 
Substantial changes in regulation may adversely affect UBS AG's businesses and its ability to execute its 
strategic plans 
Since the financial crisis of 2008, UBS AG has been subject to significant regulatory requirements, 
including recovery and resolution planning, changes in capital and prudential standards, changes in taxation 
regimes as a result of changes in governmental administrations, as well as new and revised market standards 
and fiduciary duties. Notwithstanding attempts by regulators to align their efforts, the measures adopted or 
proposed for banking regulation differ significantly across the major jurisdictions, making it increasingly 
difficult to manage a global institution. In addition, Swiss regulatory changes with regard to such matters 
as capital and liquidity have often proceeded more quickly than those in other major jurisdictions, and 
Switzerland's requirements for major international banks are among the strictest of the major financial 
centres. This could put Swiss banks, such as UBS AG, at a disadvantage when competing with peer 
financial institutions subject to more lenient regulation or with unregulated non-bank competitors. 
UBS AG's implementation of additional regulatory requirements and changes in supervisory standards, as 
well as its compliance with existing laws and regulations, continues to receive heightened scrutiny from 
supervisors. If UBS AG does not meet supervisory expectations in relation to these or other matters, or if 
additional supervisory or regulatory issues arise, it would likely be subject to further regulatory scrutiny as 
well as measures that may further constrain its strategic flexibility. 
Resolvability and resolution and recovery planning:  UBS AG has moved significant operations into 
subsidiaries to improve resolvability and meet other regulatory requirements, and this has resulted in 
substantial implementation costs, increased its capital and funding costs and reduced operational flexibility. 
For example, UBS AG has transferred all of its US subsidiaries under a US intermediate holding company 
to meet US regulatory requirements, and has transferred substantially all the operations of Personal & 
Corporate Banking and Global Wealth Management booked in Switzerland to UBS Switzerland AG to 
improve resolvability. 
These changes create operational, capital, liquidity, funding and tax inefficiencies. UBS AG's operations in 
subsidiaries are subject to local capital, liquidity, stable funding, capital planning and stress testing 
requirements. These requirements have resulted in increased capital and liquidity requirements in affected 
subsidiaries, which limit UBS AG's operational flexibility and negatively affect its ability to benefit from 
synergies between business units and to distribute earnings to the UBS AG Group. 
Under the Swiss too-big-to-fail ("TBTF") framework, UBS is required to put in place viable emergency 
plans to preserve the operation of systemically important functions in the event of a failure. Moreover, 
under this framework and similar regulations in the US, the UK, the EU and other jurisdictions in which 
UBS operates, it is required to prepare credible recovery and resolution plans detailing the measures that 
would be taken to recover in a significant adverse event or in the event of winding down the Group or the 
operations in a host country through resolution or insolvency proceedings. If a recovery or resolution plan 
that UBS produces is determined by the relevant authority to be inadequate or not credible, relevant 
regulation may permit the authority to place limitations on the scope or size of its business in that 
jurisdiction, or oblige it to hold higher amounts of capital or liquidity or to change its legal structure or 
business in order to remove the relevant impediments to resolution. 
Capital and prudential standards:  As an internationally active Swiss systemically relevant bank (an 
"SRB"), UBS AG is subject to capital and total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") requirements that are 
among the most stringent in the world. Moreover, many of UBS AG's subsidiaries must comply with 
minimum capital, liquidity and similar requirements and, as a result, UBS AG has contributed a significant 
portion of its capital and provides substantial liquidity to these subsidiaries. These funds are available to

--- Page 19 ---
- 18 - 
meet funding and collateral needs in the relevant entities, but are generally not readily available for use by 
the UBS AG Group as a whole. 
UBS AG expects its risk-weighted assets ("RWA") to further increase as the effective date for additional 
capital standards promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") draws nearer. 
Increases in capital and liquidity standards could significantly curtail UBS's ability to pursue strategic 
opportunities or to return capital to shareholders. 
Market regulation and fiduciary standards:  UBS AG's wealth and asset management businesses operate 
in an environment of increasing regulatory scrutiny and changing standards with respect to fiduciary and 
other standards of care and the focus on mitigating or eliminating conflicts of interest between a manager 
or advisor and the client, which require effective implementation across the global systems and processes 
of investment managers and other industry participants. For example, UBS AG has made material changes 
to its business processes, policies and the terms on which it interacts with these clients in order to comply 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's (the "SEC") Regulation Best Interest, which is 
intended to enhance and clarify the duties of brokers and investment advisers to retail customers, the 
Volcker Rule, which limits UBS AG's ability to engage in proprietary trading, as well as changes in 
European and Swiss market conduct regulation. Future changes in the regulation of its duties to customers 
may require UBS AG to make further changes to its businesses, which would result in additional expense 
and may adversely affect UBS AG's business. UBS AG may also become subject to other similar 
regulations substantively limiting the types of activities in which it may engage or the way it conducts its 
operations. 
In many instances, UBS AG provides services on a cross-border basis, and is therefore sensitive to barriers 
restricting market access for third-country firms. In particular, efforts in the EU to harmonise the regime 
for third-country firms to access the European market may have the effect of creating new barriers that 
adversely affect its ability to conduct business in these jurisdictions from Switzerland. In addition, a number 
of jurisdictions are increasingly regulating cross-border activities based on determinations of equivalence 
of home country regulations, substituted compliance or similar principles of comity. A negative 
determination with respect to Swiss equivalence could limit UBS AG's access to the market in those 
jurisdictions and may negatively influence its ability to act as a global firm. For example, the EU declined 
to extend its equivalence determination for Swiss exchanges, which lapsed as of 30 June 2019. 
UBS AG experienced cross-border outflows over a number of years as a result of heightened focus by fiscal 
authorities on cross-border investment and fiscal amnesty programs, in anticipation of the implementation 
in Switzerland of the global automatic exchange of tax information, and as a result of the measures UBS 
AG has implemented in response to these changes. Further changes in local tax laws or regulations and 
their enforcement, additional cross-border tax information exchange regimes, national tax amnesty or 
enforcement programs or similar actions may affect UBS AG's clients' ability or willingness to do business 
with it and could result in additional cross-border outflows. 
If UBS experiences financial difficulties, FINMA has the power to open restructuring or liquidation 
proceedings or impose protective measures in relation to UBS Group AG, UBS AG or UBS Switzerland 
AG, and such proceedings or measures may have a material adverse effect on UBS's shareholders and 
creditors 
Under the Swiss Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks of 8 November 1934, as amended (the "Swiss 
Banking Act"), the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ("FINMA") is able to exercise 
broad statutory powers with respect to Swiss banks and Swiss parent companies of financial groups, such 
as UBS Group AG, UBS AG and UBS Switzerland AG, if there is justified concern that the entity is over-
indebted, has serious liquidity problems or, after the expiration of any relevant deadline, no longer fulfils 
capital adequacy requirements. Such powers include ordering protective measures, instituting restructuring 
proceedings (and exercising any Swiss resolution powers in connection therewith), and instituting 
liquidation proceedings, all of which may have a material adverse effect on shareholders and creditors or 
may prevent UBS Group AG, UBS AG or UBS Switzerland AG from paying dividends or making 
payments on debt obligations. 
UBS would have limited ability to challenge any such protective measures, and creditors and shareholders 
would also have limited ability under Swiss law or in Swiss courts to reject them, seek their suspension, or 
challenge their imposition, including measures that require or result in the deferment of payments.

--- Page 20 ---
- 19 - 
If restructuring proceedings are opened with respect to UBS Group AG, UBS AG or UBS Switzerland AG, 
the resolution powers that FINMA may exercise include the power to:  (i) transfer all or some of the assets, 
debt and other liabilities, and contracts of the entity subject to proceedings to another entity; (ii) stay for a 
maximum of two business days (a) the termination of, or the exercise of rights to terminate, netting rights, 
(b) rights to enforce or dispose of certain types of collateral or (c) rights to transfer claims, liabilities or 
certain collateral, under contracts to which the entity subject to proceedings is a party; and / or (iii) partially 
or fully write down the equity capital and regulatory capital instruments and, if such regulatory capital is 
fully written down, write down or convert into equity the other debt instruments of the entity subject to 
proceedings. Shareholders and creditors would have no right to reject, or to seek the suspension of, any 
restructuring plan pursuant to which such resolution powers are exercised. They would have only limited 
rights to challenge any decision to exercise resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial 
or administrative process or otherwise. 
Upon full or partial write-down of the equity and regulatory capital instruments of the entity subject to 
restructuring proceedings, the relevant shareholders and creditors would receive no payment in respect of 
the equity and debt that is written down, the write-down would be permanent, and the investors would 
likely not, at such time or at any time thereafter, receive any shares or other participation rights, or be 
entitled to any write-up or any other compensation in the event of a potential subsequent recovery of the 
debtor. If FINMA orders the conversion of debt of the entity subject to restructuring proceedings into 
equity, the securities received by the investors may be worth significantly less than the original debt and 
may have a significantly different risk profile. In addition, creditors receiving equity would be effectively 
subordinated to all creditors of the restructured entity in the event of a subsequent winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the restructured entity, which would increase the risk that investors would lose all or some 
of their investment. 
FINMA has significant discretion in the exercise of its powers in connection with restructuring proceedings. 
Furthermore, certain categories of debt obligations, such as certain types of deposits, are subject to 
preferential treatment. As a result, holders of obligations of an entity subject to a Swiss restructuring 
proceeding may have their obligations written down or converted into equity even though obligations 
ranking on par with such obligations are not written down or converted. 
UBS AG may be unable to fully realise its sustainability, climate, environmental and social goals which 
could damage its business prospects, reputation and lead to increased regulatory scrutiny and increased 
risk of litigation 
UBS AG has set ambitious goals for environmental, social and governance matters. These goals include 
UBS AG's ambitions for environmental sustainability in its operations, including carbon emissions, in the 
business UBS does with clients and in products that it offers. They also include goals or ambitions for 
diversity in UBS AG's workforce and supply chain, and support for the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals. There is substantial uncertainty as to the scope of actions that may be required of UBS 
AG, governments and others to achieve the goals UBS AG has set, and many of its goals and objectives are 
only achievable with a combination of government and private action. National and international standards, 
industry and scientific practices, and regulatory taxonomies and disclosure obligations addressing these 
matters are in a state of rapid development. Although UBS AG has defined and disclosed its goals based 
on the standards existing at the time, there can be no assurance that the various ESG regulatory and 
disclosure regimes under which UBS AG operates will not come into conflict with one another or that the 
current standards will not be interpreted differently than its understanding or change in a manner that 
substantially increases the cost or effort for UBS AG to achieve such goals or that such goals may prove to 
be considerably more difficult or even impossible to achieve. If UBS AG is not able to achieve the goals it 
has set, or can only do so at significant expense to its business, UBS AG may fail to meet regulatory 
expectations, incur damage to its reputation or be exposed to risk of litigation or other adverse action. 
UBS AG's financial results may be negatively affected by changes to assumptions and valuations, as well 
as changes to accounting standards 
UBS AG prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). The application of these accounting standards requires the use of judgment 
based on estimates and assumptions that may involve significant uncertainty at the time they are made. This 
is the case, for example, with respect to the measurement of fair value of financial instruments, the 
recognition of deferred tax assets, the assessment of the impairment of goodwill, expected credit losses and 
estimation of provisions for litigation, regulatory and similar matters. Such judgments, including the

--- Page 21 ---
- 20 - 
underlying estimates and assumptions, which encompass historical experience, expectations of the future 
and other factors, are regularly evaluated to determine their continuing relevance based on current 
conditions. Using different assumptions could cause the reported results to differ. Changes in assumptions, 
or failure to make the changes necessary to reflect evolving market conditions, may have a significant effect 
on the financial statements in the periods when changes occur. Estimates of provisions may be subject to a 
wide range of potential outcomes and significant uncertainty. For example, the broad range of potential 
outcomes in UBS AG's proceeding in France increases the uncertainty associated with assessing the 
appropriate provision. If the estimates and assumptions in future periods deviate from the current outlook, 
UBS AG's financial results may also be negatively affected. 
Changes to IFRS or interpretations thereof may cause future reported results and financial position to differ 
from current expectations, or historical results to differ from those previously reported due to the adoption 
of accounting standards on a retrospective basis. Such changes may also affect UBS AG's regulatory capital 
and ratios. For example, the introduction of the expected ECL framework under IFRS 9 in 2018 
fundamentally changed how credit risk arising from loans, loan commitments, guarantees and certain 
revocable facilities is accounted for. Under the regime, credit loss expenses may increase rapidly at the 
onset of an economic downturn as a result of higher levels of credit impairments (stage 3), as well as higher 
ECL from stages 1 and 2, only gradually diminishing once the economic outlook improves. As UBS AG 
observed in 2020, this effect may be more pronounced in a deteriorating economic environment. Substantial 
increases in ECL could exceed expected loss for regulatory capital purposes and adversely affect UBS's 
CET1 capital and regulatory capital ratios. 
UBS AG may be unable to maintain its capital strength 
Capital strength enables UBS AG to grow its businesses and absorb increases in regulatory and capital 
requirements. It reassures its clients and stakeholders, allows UBS AG to maintain its capital return policy 
and contributes to its credit ratings. UBS AG's capital ratios are driven primarily by RWA, the leverage 
ratio denominator and eligible capital, all of which may fluctuate based on a number of factors, some of 
which are outside UBS AG's control. UBS AG's ability to maintain its capital ratios is subject to numerous 
risks, including the financial results of its businesses, the effect of changes to capital standards, 
methodologies and interpretations that may adversely affect the calculation of its CET1 ratios, the 
imposition of risk add-ons or capital buffers, and the application of additional capital, liquidity and similar 
requirements to subsidiaries. The results of UBS AG's businesses may be adversely affected by events 
arising from other risk factors described herein. In some cases, such as litigation and regulatory risk and 
operational risk events, losses may be sudden and large. These risks could reduce the amount of capital 
available for return to shareholders and hinder UBS AG's ability to achieve its capital returns target of a 
progressive cash dividend coupled with a share repurchase program. 
UBS AG's eligible capital may be reduced by losses recognised within net profit or other comprehensive 
income. Eligible capital may also be reduced for other reasons, including acquisitions which change the 
level of goodwill, changes in temporary differences related to deferred tax assets included in capital, adverse 
currency movements affecting the value of equity, prudential adjustments that may be required due to the 
valuation uncertainty associated with certain types of positions, changes in regulatory interpretations on the 
inclusion or exclusion of items contributing to UBS's shareholders equity in regulatory capital, and changes 
in the value of certain pension fund assets and liabilities or in the interest rate and other assumptions used 
to calculate the changes in UBS's net defined benefit obligation recognised in other comprehensive income. 
RWA are driven by UBS AG's business activities, by changes in the risk profile of its exposures, by changes 
in its foreign currency exposures and foreign exchange rates, and by regulation. For instance, substantial 
market volatility, a widening of credit spreads, adverse currency movements, increased counterparty risk, 
deterioration in the economic environment or increased operational risk could result in an increase in RWA. 
UBS AG has significantly reduced its market risk and credit risk RWA in recent years. However, increases 
in operational risk RWA, particularly those arising from litigation, regulatory and similar matters, and 
regulatory changes in the calculation of RWA, as well as regulatory add-ons to RWA, have offset a 
substantial portion of this reduction. Changes in the calculation of RWA, the imposition of additional 
supplemental RWA charges or multipliers applied to certain exposures and other methodology changes, as 
well as the implementation of the capital standards promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision, which are proposed to take effect in 2023, are expected to increase UBS AG's RWA. 
The leverage ratio is a balance sheet-driven measure and therefore limits balance sheet-intensive activities, 
such as lending, more than activities that are less balance sheet intensive, and it may constrain UBS AG's

--- Page 22 ---
- 21 - 
business even if it satisfies other risk-based capital requirements. UBS AG's leverage ratio denominator is 
driven by, among other things, the level of client activity, including deposits and loans, foreign exchange 
rates, interest rates and other market factors. Many of these factors are wholly or partly outside of UBS 
AG's control. 
The effect of taxes on UBS AG's financial results is significantly influenced by tax law changes and 
reassessments of its deferred tax assets 
UBS AG's effective tax rate is highly sensitive to its performance, its expectation of future profitability and 
any potential increases or decreases in statutory tax rates, such as any potential increase in the US federal 
corporate tax rate. Further, based on prior years' tax losses, UBS AG has recognised deferred tax assets 
("DTAs") reflecting the probable recoverable level based on future taxable profit as informed by UBS AG's 
business plans. If UBS AG's performance is expected to produce diminished taxable profit in future years, 
particularly in the US, UBS AG may be required to write down all or a portion of the currently recognised 
DTAs through the income statement in excess of anticipated amortisation. This would have the effect of 
increasing UBS AG's effective tax rate in the year in which any write-downs are taken. Conversely, if UBS 
AG expects the performance of entities in which it has unrecognised tax losses to improve, particularly in 
the US or the UK, UBS AG could potentially recognise additional DTAs. The effect of doing so would be 
to reduce UBS AG's effective tax rate in years in which additional DTAs are recognised and to increase its 
effective tax rate in future years. UBS AG's effective tax rate is also sensitive to any future reductions in 
statutory tax rates, particularly in the US, which would cause the expected future tax benefit from items 
such as tax loss carry-forwards in the affected locations to diminish in value. This, in turn, would cause a 
write-down of the associated DTAs. For example, the reduction in the US federal corporate tax rate to 21 
per cent. from 35 per cent. introduced by the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") resulted in a USD 2.9 
billion net write-down in the Group's DTAs in the fourth quarter of 2017. Conversely, an increase in US 
corporate tax rates would result in an increase in the Group's DTAs. 
UBS AG generally revalues its DTAs in the fourth quarter of the financial year based on a reassessment of 
future profitability taking into account its updated business plans. UBS AG considers the performance of 
its businesses and the accuracy of historical forecasts, tax rates and other factors in evaluating the 
recoverability of its DTAs, including the remaining tax loss carry-forward period and its assessment of 
expected future taxable profits over the life of DTAs. Estimating future profitability is inherently subjective 
and is particularly sensitive to future economic, market and other conditions, which are difficult to predict. 
UBS AG's results in past years have demonstrated that changes in the recognition of DTAs can have a very 
significant effect on its reported results. Any future change in the manner in which UBS AG remeasures 
DTAs could affect UBS AG's effective tax rate, particularly in the year in which the change is made. 
UBS AG's full-year effective tax rate could change if aggregate tax expenses in respect of profits from 
branches and subsidiaries without loss coverage differ from what is expected, or if branches and subsidiaries 
generate tax losses that UBS AG cannot benefit from through the income statement. In particular, losses at 
entities or branches that cannot offset for tax purposes taxable profits in other group entities, and which do 
not result in additional DTA recognition, may increase UBS AG's effective tax rate. In addition, tax laws 
or the tax authorities in countries where UBS AG has undertaken legal structure changes may cause entities 
to be subject to taxation as permanent establishments or may prevent the transfer of tax losses incurred in 
one legal entity to newly organised or reorganised subsidiaries or affiliates or may impose limitations on 
the utilisation of tax losses that relate to businesses formerly conducted by the transferor. Were this to occur 
in situations where there were also limited planning opportunities to utilise the tax losses in the originating 
entity, the DTAs associated with such tax losses may be required to be written down through the income 
statement. 
Changes in tax law may materially affect UBS AG's effective tax rate, and, in some cases, may substantially 
affect the profitability of certain activities. In addition, statutory and regulatory changes, as well as changes 
to the way in which courts and tax authorities interpret tax laws, including assertions that UBS AG is 
required to pay taxes in a jurisdiction as a result of activities connected to that jurisdiction constituting a 
permanent establishment or similar theory, and changes in its assessment of uncertain tax positions, could 
cause the amount of taxes it ultimately pays to materially differ from the amount accrued.

--- Page 23 ---
- 22 - 
Strategy, management and operational risks 
Operational risks affect UBS AG's business 
UBS AG's businesses depend on its ability to process a large number of transactions, many of which are 
complex, across multiple and diverse markets in different currencies, to comply with requirements of many 
different legal and regulatory regimes to which UBS AG is subject and to prevent, or promptly detect and 
stop, unauthorised, fictitious or fraudulent transactions. UBS AG also relies on access to, and on the 
functioning of, systems maintained by third parties, including clearing systems, exchanges, information 
processors and central counterparties. Any failure of UBS AG's or third-party systems could have an 
adverse effect on UBS AG. These risks may be greater as UBS AG deploys newer technologies, such as 
blockchain, or products that rely on these technologies. UBS AG's operational risk management and control 
systems and processes are designed to help ensure that the risks associated with its activities – including 
those arising from process error, failed execution, misconduct, unauthorised trading, fraud, system failures, 
financial crime, cyberattacks, breaches of information security, inadequate or ineffective access controls 
and failure of security and physical protection – are appropriately controlled. If UBS AG's internal controls 
fail or prove ineffective in identifying and remedying these risks, it could suffer operational failures that 
might result in material losses, such as the substantial loss it incurred from the unauthorised trading incident 
announced in September 2011. 
As a significant proportion of UBS's staff has been and will continue working from outside the office as a 
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, UBS AG has faced, and will continue to face, new challenges 
and operational risks, including maintenance of supervisory and surveillance controls, as well as increased 
fraud and data security risks. While UBS AG has taken measures to manage these risks, such measures 
have never been tested on the scale or duration that UBS AG is currently experiencing, and there is a risk 
that these measures will prove not to have been effective in the current unprecedented operating 
environment. 
UBS AG uses automation as part of its efforts to improve efficiency, reduce the risk of error and improve 
its client experience. UBS AG intends to expand the use of robotic processing, machine learning and 
artificial intelligence to further these goals. Use of these tools presents its own risks, including the need for 
effective design and testing; the quality of the data used for development and operation of machine learning 
and artificial intelligence tools may adversely affect their functioning and result in errors and other 
operational risks. 
For financial institutions, cybersecurity risks have increased due to the widespread use of digital 
technologies, cloud computing and mobile devices to conduct financial business and transactions. In 
addition, cyberattacks by hackers, terrorists, criminal organisations, nation states and extremists have also 
increased in frequency and sophistication. Current geopolitical tensions also may lead to increased risk of 
cyberattack from foreign state actors. In particular, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the imposition of 
significant sanctions on Russia by Switzerland, the US, the EU, the UK and others may result in an increase 
in the risk of cyberattacks. 
UBS AG and other financial services firms have been subject to breaches of security and to cyber- and 
other forms of attack, some of which are sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to gain access to 
confidential information or systems, disrupt service or destroy data. These attacks may be attempted 
through the introduction of viruses or malware, phishing and other forms of social engineering, distributed 
denial of service attacks and other means. These attempts may occur directly, or using equipment or security 
passwords of UBS AG's employees, third-party service providers or other users. In addition to external 
attacks, UBS AG has experienced loss of client data from failure by employees and others to follow internal 
policies and procedures and from misappropriation of its data by employees and others. UBS AG may not 
be able to anticipate, detect or recognise threats to its systems or data and its preventative measures may 
not be effective to prevent an attack or a security breach. In the event of a security breach, notwithstanding 
its preventative measures, UBS AG may not immediately detect a particular breach or attack. Once a 
particular attack is detected, time may be required to investigate and assess the nature and extent of the 
attack. A successful breach or circumvention of security of UBS's systems or data could have significant 
negative consequences for UBS AG, including disruption of UBS AG's operations, misappropriation of 
confidential information concerning UBS AG or its customers, damage to its systems, financial losses for 
UBS AG or its customers, violations of data privacy and similar laws, litigation exposure and damage to 
UBS AG's reputation. UBS AG may be subject to enforcement actions as regulatory focus on cybersecurity

--- Page 24 ---
- 23 - 
increases and regulators have announced new rules, guidance and initiatives on ransomware and other 
cybersecurity-related issues. 
UBS AG is subject to complex and frequently changing laws and regulations governing the protection of 
client and personal data, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Ensuring that UBS AG 
complies with applicable laws and regulations when it collects, uses and transfers personal information 
requires substantial resources and may affect the ways in which it conducts its business. In the event that 
UBS AG fails to comply with applicable laws, it may be exposed to regulatory fines and penalties and other 
sanctions. UBS AG may also incur such penalties if its vendors or other service providers or clients or 
counterparties fail to comply with these laws or to maintain appropriate controls over protected data. In 
addition, any loss or exposure of client or other data may adversely damage UBS AG's reputation and 
adversely affect its business. 
A major focus of US and other countries' governmental policies relating to financial institutions in recent 
years has been on fighting money laundering and terrorist financing. UBS AG is required to maintain 
effective policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist 
financing, and to verify the identity of its clients under the laws of many of the countries in which it operates. 
UBS AG is also subject to laws and regulations related to corrupt and illegal payments to government 
officials by others, such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. UBS AG has 
implemented policies, procedures and internal controls that are designed to comply with such laws and 
regulations. Notwithstanding this, US regulators have found deficiencies in the design and operation of 
anti-money laundering programs in UBS AG Group's US operations. UBS AG Group has undertaken a 
significant program to address these regulatory findings with the objective of fully meeting regulatory 
expectations for its programs. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money 
laundering, terrorist financing or corruption, or any failure of UBS AG Group's programs in these areas, 
could have serious consequences both from legal enforcement action and from damage to its reputation. 
Frequent changes in sanctions imposed and increasingly complex sanctions imposed on countries, entities 
and individuals, as exemplified by the breadth and scope of the sanctions imposed in relation the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine, increase UBS AG Group's cost of monitoring and complying with sanctions 
requirements and increase the risk that UBS AG will not identify in a timely manner client activity that is 
subject to a sanction. 
As a result of new and changed regulatory requirements and the changes UBS AG has made in its legal 
structure, the volume, frequency and complexity of its regulatory and other reporting has remained elevated. 
Regulators have also significantly increased expectations regarding UBS AG's internal reporting and data 
aggregation, as well as management reporting. UBS AG has incurred and continues to incur significant 
costs to implement infrastructure to meet these requirements. Failure to meet external reporting 
requirements accurately and in a timely manner or failure to meet regulatory expectations of internal 
reporting, data aggregation and management reporting could result in enforcement action or other adverse 
consequences for UBS AG. 
In addition, despite the contingency plans that UBS AG has in place, its ability to conduct business may be 
adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in 
which it operates. This may include a disruption due to natural disasters, pandemics, civil unrest, war or 
terrorism and involve electrical, communications, transportation or other services that UBS AG uses or that 
are used by third parties with whom UBS AG conducts business. 
UBS AG may not be successful in the ongoing execution of its strategic plans 
UBS AG has been transformed to focus on its Global Wealth Management business and its universal bank 
in Switzerland, complemented by Asset Management and a significantly smaller and more capital-efficient 
Investment Bank; it has substantially reduced the RWA and leverage ratio denominator usage in Group 
Functions; and made significant cost reductions. Risk remains that going forward UBS AG may not succeed 
in executing its strategy or achieving its performance targets, or may be delayed in doing so. 
Macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical uncertainty, changes to regulatory requirements and the 
continuing costs of meeting these requirements have prompted UBS AG to adapt its targets and ambitions 
in the past and it may need to do so again in the future. 
To achieve its strategic plans, UBS AG expects to continue to make significant expenditures on technology 
and infrastructure to improve client experience, improve and further enable digital offerings and increase 
efficiency. UBS AG also may seek to implement its strategy through acquisitions or strategic partnerships

--- Page 25 ---
- 24 - 
to expand or improve its product offerings or target additional client segments. UBS AG's investments in 
new technology and its acquisitions and strategic partnerships may not fully achieve its objectives or 
improve its ability to attract and retain customers. In addition, UBS AG faces competition in providing 
digitally enabled offerings from both existing competitors and new financial service providers in various 
portions of the value chain. For example, technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made 
it possible for e-commerce firms and other companies to offer products and services that were traditionally 
offered only by banks. These advances have also allowed financial institutions and other companies to 
provide digitally based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, payments processing and 
online automated algorithmic-based investment advice at a low cost to their customers. UBS AG may have 
to lower its prices, or risk losing customers as a result. UBS AG's ability to develop and implement 
competitive digitally enabled offerings and processes will be an important factor in its ability to compete. 
As part of its strategy, UBS AG seeks to improve its operating efficiency, in part by controlling costs. UBS 
AG may not be able to identify feasible cost reduction opportunities that are consistent with its business 
goals and cost reductions may be realised later or may be smaller than anticipated. Higher temporary and 
permanent regulatory costs and higher business demand than anticipated have partly offset cost reductions 
and delayed the achievement of UBS AG's past cost reduction targets, and it could continue to be challenged 
in the execution of its ongoing efforts to improve operating efficiency. 
Changes in UBS AG's workforce as a result of outsourcing, nearshoring, offshoring, insourcing or staff 
reductions, or changes which arise from the introduction of work from home or other flexible ways of 
working or agile work methodologies may introduce new operational risks that, if not effectively addressed, 
could affect its ability to achieve cost and other benefits from such changes, or could result in operational 
losses. 
As UBS AG implements effectiveness and efficiency programs, it may also experience unintended 
consequences, such as the unintended loss or degradation of capabilities that it needs in order to maintain 
its competitive position, achieve its targeted returns or meet existing or new regulatory requirements and 
expectations. 
UBS AG depends on its risk management and control processes to avoid or limit potential losses in its 
businesses 
Controlled risk-taking is a major part of the business of a financial services firm. Some losses from risk-
taking activities are inevitable, but to be successful over time, UBS AG must balance the risks it takes 
against the returns generated. Therefore, UBS AG must diligently identify, assess, manage and control its 
risks, not only in normal market conditions but also as they might develop under more extreme, stressed 
conditions, when concentrations of exposures can lead to severe losses. 
UBS AG has not always been able to prevent serious losses arising from risk management failures and 
extreme or sudden market events. It recorded substantial losses on fixed-income trading positions in the 
2008 financial crisis, in the unauthorised trading incident in 2011 and, more recently, positions resulting 
from the default of a US prime brokerage client. UBS AG revises and strengthens its risk management and 
control frameworks to seek to address identified shortcomings. Nonetheless, it could suffer further losses 
in the future if, for example: 
(a) 
UBS does not fully identify the risks in its portfolio, in particular risk concentrations and correlated 
risks; 
(b) 
UBS AG's assessment of the risks identified, or its response to negative trends, proves to be 
untimely, inadequate, insufficient or incorrect; 
(c) 
UBS AG's risk models prove insufficient to predict the scale of financial risks the bank faces; 
(d) 
markets move in ways that UBS AG does not expect – in terms of their speed, direction, severity 
or correlation – and its ability to manage risks in the resulting environment is, therefore, affected; 
(e) 
third parties to whom UBS AG has credit exposure or whose securities it holds are severely affected 
by events and it suffers defaults and impairments beyond the level implied by its risk assessment; 
or

--- Page 26 ---
- 25 - 
(f) 
collateral or other security provided by UBS AG's counterparties and clients proves inadequate to 
cover their obligations at the time of default. 
UBS AG also holds legacy risk positions, primarily in Group Functions, that, in many cases, are illiquid 
and may again deteriorate in value. 
UBS AG also manages risk on behalf of its clients. The performance of assets UBS AG holds for its clients 
may be adversely affected by the same factors mentioned above. If clients suffer losses or the performance 
of their assets held with UBS AG is not in line with relevant benchmarks against which clients assess 
investment performance, UBS AG may suffer reduced fee income and a decline in assets under 
management, or withdrawal of mandates. 
Investment positions, such as equity investments made as part of strategic initiatives and seed investments 
made at the inception of funds that UBS AG manages, may also be affected by market risk factors. These 
investments are often not liquid and generally are intended or required to be held beyond a normal trading 
horizon. Deteriorations in the fair value of these positions would have a negative effect on UBS AG's 
earnings. 
UBS AG may not be successful in implementing changes in its wealth management businesses to meet 
changing market, regulatory and other conditions 
In recent years, inflows from lower-margin segments and markets have been replacing outflows from 
higher-margin segments and markets, in particular for cross-border clients. This dynamic, combined with 
changes in client product preferences as a result of which low-margin products account for a larger share 
of UBS AG's revenues than in the past, has put downward pressure on Global Wealth Management's 
margins. 
UBS AG is exposed to possible outflows of client assets in its asset-gathering businesses and to changes 
affecting the profitability of Global Wealth Management, in particular. Initiatives that UBS may implement 
to overcome the effects of changes in the business environment on its profitability, balance sheet and capital 
positions may not succeed in counteracting those effects and may cause net new money outflows and 
reductions in client deposits, as happened with its balance sheet and capital optimisation program in 2015. 
There is no assurance that UBS AG will be successful in its efforts to offset the adverse effect of these or 
similar trends and developments. 
UBS AG may be unable to identify or capture revenue or competitive opportunities, or retain and attract 
qualified employees 
The financial services industry is characterised by intense competition, continuous innovation, restrictive, 
detailed, and sometimes fragmented regulation and ongoing consolidation. UBS AG faces competition at 
the level of local markets and individual business lines, and from global financial institutions that are 
comparable to it in their size and breadth, as well as competition from new technology-based market 
entrants, which may not be subject to the same level of regulation. Barriers to entry in individual markets 
and pricing levels are being eroded by new technology. UBS AG expects these trends to continue and 
competition to increase. UBS AG's competitive strength and market position could be eroded if it is unable 
to identify market trends and developments, does not respond to such trends and developments by devising 
and implementing adequate business strategies, does not adequately develop or update its technology 
including its digital channels and tools, or is unable to attract or retain the qualified people needed. 
The amount and structure of UBS AG's employee compensation is affected not only by its business results, 
but also by competitive factors and regulatory considerations. 
In response to the demands of various stakeholders, including regulatory authorities and shareholders, and 
in order to better align the interests of its staff with other stakeholders, UBS has increased average deferral 
periods for stock awards, expanded forfeiture provisions and, to a more limited extent, introduced clawback 
provisions for certain awards linked to business performance. UBS has also introduced individual caps on 
the proportion of fixed to variable pay for the Group Executive Board ("GEB") members, as well as certain 
other employees. 
Constraints on the amount or structure of employee compensation, higher levels of deferral, performance 
conditions and other circumstances triggering the forfeiture of unvested awards may adversely affect UBS's 
ability to retain and attract key employees, particularly where it competes with companies that are not

--- Page 27 ---
- 26 - 
subject to these constraints. The loss of key staff and the inability to attract qualified replacements could 
seriously compromise UBS AG's ability to execute its strategy and to successfully improve its operating 
and control environment, and could affect its business performance. Swiss law requires that shareholders 
approve the compensation of the Board of Directors of UBS Group AG (the "Group Board") and the GEB 
each year. If UBS Group AG's shareholders fail to approve the compensation for the GEB or the Group 
Board, this could have an adverse effect on UBS's ability to retain experienced directors and senior 
management. 
UBS AG's reputation is critical to its success 
UBS AG's reputation is critical to the success of its strategic plans, business and prospects. Reputational 
damage is difficult to reverse, and improvements tend to be slow and difficult to measure. In the past, UBS 
AG's reputation has been adversely affected by its losses during the financial crisis, investigations into its 
cross-border private banking services, criminal resolutions of LIBOR-related and foreign exchange matters, 
as well as other matters. UBS AG believes that reputational damage as a result of these events was an 
important factor in its loss of clients and client assets across its asset-gathering businesses. New events that 
cause reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on UBS AG's results of operation and 
financial condition, as well as its ability to achieve its strategic goals and financial targets. 
UBS AG's operating results, financial condition and ability to pay its obligations in the future may be 
affected by funding, dividends and other distributions received from UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Americas 
Holding LLC, UBS Europe SE and other subsidiaries, which may be subject to restrictions 
UBS AG's ability to pay its obligations in the future may be affected by the level of funding, dividends and 
other distributions, if any, received from UBS Switzerland AG and other subsidiaries. The ability of such 
subsidiaries to make loans or distributions, directly or indirectly, to UBS AG may be restricted as a result 
of several factors, including restrictions in financing agreements and the requirements of applicable law 
and regulatory, fiscal or other restrictions. In particular, UBS AG's direct and indirect subsidiaries, 
including UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Americas Holding LLC and UBS Europe SE, are subject to laws and 
regulations that restrict dividend payments, authorise regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds 
from those subsidiaries to UBS AG, or could affect their ability to repay any loans made to, or other 
investments in, such subsidiary by UBS AG or another member of the UBS AG Group. For example, in the 
early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, the European Central Bank ordered all banks under its supervision 
to cease dividend distributions and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has limited 
capital distributions by bank holding companies and intermediate holding companies. Restrictions and 
regulatory actions of this kind could impede access to funds that UBS AG may need to meet its obligations. 
In addition, UBS AG's right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or 
reorganisation is subject to all prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. 
Furthermore, UBS AG may guarantee some of the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries from 
time to time. These guarantees may require UBS AG to provide substantial funds or assets to subsidiaries 
or their creditors or counterparties at a time when UBS AG is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Liquidity and funding management are critical to UBS AG's ongoing performance 
The viability of UBS AG's business depends on the availability of funding sources, and its success depends 
on its ability to obtain funding at times, in amounts, for tenors and at rates that enable it to efficiently 
support its asset base in all market conditions. UBS AG's funding sources have generally been stable, but 
could change in the future because of, among other things, general market disruptions or widening credit 
spreads, which could also influence the cost of funding. A substantial part of UBS AG's liquidity and 
funding requirements are met using short-term unsecured funding sources, including retail and wholesale 
deposits and the regular issuance of money market securities. A change in the availability of short-term 
funding could occur quickly. 
The addition of loss-absorbing debt as a component of capital requirements, the regulatory requirements to 
maintain minimum TLAC at UBS AG's holding company and at subsidiaries, as well as the power of 
resolution authorities to bail in TLAC and other debt obligations, and uncertainty as to how such powers 
will be exercised, will increase UBS AG's cost of funding and could potentially increase the total amount 
of funding required, in the absence of other changes in its business.

--- Page 28 ---
- 27 - 
Reductions in UBS AG's credit ratings may adversely affect the market value of the securities and other 
obligations and increase its funding costs, in particular with regard to funding from wholesale unsecured 
sources, and could affect the availability of certain kinds of funding. In addition, as experienced in 
connection with Moody's downgrade of UBS AG's long-term debt rating in June 2012, rating downgrades 
can require UBS AG to post additional collateral or make additional cash payments under trading 
agreements. UBS AG's credit ratings, together with its capital strength and reputation, also contribute to 
maintaining client and counterparty confidence, and it is possible that rating changes could influence the 
performance of some of its businesses. 
The requirement to maintain a liquidity coverage ratio of high-quality liquid assets to estimated stressed 
short-term net cash outflows, and other similar liquidity and funding requirements, oblige UBS AG to 
maintain high levels of overall liquidity, limit its ability to optimise interest income and expense, make 
certain lines of business less attractive and reduce its overall ability to generate profits. In particular, UBS 
AG is subjected to increased liquidity coverage requirements under the direction of FINMA. The liquidity 
coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements are intended to ensure that UBS AG is not overly 
reliant on short-term funding and that it has sufficient long-term funding for illiquid assets. The relevant 
calculations make assumptions about the relative likelihood and amount of outflows of funding and 
available sources of additional funding in market-wide and firm-specific stress situations. There can be no 
assurance that in an actual stress situation UBS AG's funding outflows would not exceed the assumed 
amounts. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks Relating to the Market Generally 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be a new issue of Notes which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, the Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), there is no assurance that such 
applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active 
trading market will develop. Even if an active trading market does develop, it may not be liquid and may 
not continue for the term of the Notes. In addition, liquidity may be limited if large allocations of a particular 
Tranche of Notes are made to a limited number of investors. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware that, in view of the prevailing and widely reported global credit 
market conditions (which continue at the date hereof), the secondary market for Notes and instruments of 
this kind may be illiquid. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Risks Relating to the Notes Generally 
If the Issuer experiences financial difficulties, FINMA has the power to open restructuring or 
liquidation proceedings in respect of, and/or impose protective measures in relation to, the Issuer, which 
proceedings or measures may have a material adverse effect on the terms and market value of Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to make payments thereunder 
FINMA has broad statutory powers to take measures and actions in relation to the Issuer if (i) it concludes 
that there is justified concern that the Issuer is over-indebted or has serious liquidity problems or (ii) the 
Issuer fails to fulfil the applicable capital adequacy requirements (whether on a standalone or consolidated 
basis) after expiry of a deadline set by FINMA. If one of these pre-requisites is met, FINMA is authorised 
to open restructuring proceedings or liquidation (bankruptcy) proceedings in respect of, and/or impose 
protective measures in relation to, the Issuer. The Swiss Banking Act grants significant discretion to 
FINMA in connection with the aforementioned proceedings and measures. In particular, a broad variety of 
protective measures may be imposed by FINMA, including a bank moratorium or a maturity postponement,

--- Page 29 ---
- 28 - 
which measures may be ordered by FINMA either on a stand-alone basis or in connection with restructuring 
or liquidation proceedings. The resolution regime of the Swiss Banking Act is further detailed in the 
Ordinance of FINMA on the Insolvency of Banks and Securities Firms of 30 August 2012, as amended (the 
"Swiss Banking Insolvency Ordinance"). 
In restructuring proceedings, FINMA, as resolution authority, is competent to approve the restructuring 
plan. The restructuring plan may, among other things, provide for (a) the transfer of all or a portion of the 
Issuer's assets, debts, other liabilities and contracts (which may or may not include the contractual 
relationship between the Issuer and the Noteholders) to another entity, (b) a stay (for a maximum of two 
business days) on the termination of contracts to which the Issuer is a party, and/or the exercise of (w) rights 
to terminate, (x) netting rights, (y) rights to enforce or dispose of collateral or (z) rights to transfer claims, 
liabilities or collateral under contracts to which the Issuer is a party, (c) the conversion of the Issuer's debt 
and/or other obligations, including its obligations under the Notes, into equity (a "debt-to-equity" swap), 
and/or (d) the partial or full write-off of obligations owed by the Issuer (a "write-off"), including its 
obligations under the Notes. The Swiss Banking Insolvency Ordinance provides that a debt-to-equity swap 
and/or a write-off of debt and other obligations (including the Notes) may take place only after (i) all debt 
instruments issued by the Issuer qualifying as additional tier 1 capital or tier 2 capital have been converted 
into equity or written-off, as applicable, and (ii) the existing equity of the Issuer has been fully cancelled. 
While the Swiss Banking Insolvency Ordinance does not expressly address the order in which a write-off 
of debt instruments other than debt instruments qualifying as additional tier 1 capital or tier 2 capital should 
occur, it states that debt-to-equity swaps should occur in the following order:  first, all subordinated claims 
not qualifying as regulatory capital, second, all other claims not excluded by law from a debt-to-equity 
swap (other than deposits), and third, deposits (in excess of the amount privileged by law). However, given 
the broad discretion granted to FINMA as the resolution authority, any restructuring plan in respect of the 
Issuer could provide that the claims under or in connection with the Notes will be partially or fully converted 
into equity or written-off, while preserving other obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with, or even 
junior to, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Consequently, the exercise of any such powers by 
FINMA or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment 
in such Notes. 
If the Issuer were to be subject to restructuring proceedings, the creditors whose claims are affected by the 
restructuring plan would not have a right to vote on, reject, or seek the suspension of the restructuring plan. 
In addition, if a restructuring plan with respect to the Issuer has been approved by FINMA, the rights of a 
creditor to challenge the restructuring plan or have the restructuring plan reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise (e.g., on the grounds that the plan would unduly prejudice the 
Noteholder's rights or otherwise be in violation of the Swiss Banking Act) are very limited. Even if any of 
the Issuer's creditors were to successfully challenge the restructuring plan in court, the court could only 
require the relevant creditors to be compensated ex post and there is currently no guidance as to on what 
basis such compensation would be calculated and how it would be funded. Any such challenge (even if 
successful) would not suspend, or result in the suspension of, the implementation of the restructuring plan. 
UBS has made certain structural changes in light of regulatory trends and requirements and the General 
Terms and Conditions do not contain any restrictions on change of control events or on the Issuer's or 
UBS's ability to restructure its business 
In 2014, UBS began adapting its legal entity structure in response to too-big-to-fail requirements and other 
regulatory initiatives. First, UBS Group AG was established as the ultimate parent holding company for the 
Group. In 2015, UBS AG transferred its personal & corporate banking and Swiss-booked wealth 
management businesses to the newly established UBS Switzerland AG, a banking subsidiary of UBS AG 
in Switzerland. That same year, UBS Business Solutions AG, a wholly owned subsidiary of UBS Group 
AG, was established and acts as the Group service company. In 2016, UBS Americas Holding LLC became 
the intermediate holding company for UBS's US subsidiaries and UBS's wealth management subsidiaries 
across Europe were merged into UBS Europe SE, UBS's German-headquartered European subsidiary. In 
2019, UBS Limited, UBS's UK headquartered subsidiary, was merged into UBS Europe SE. 
The General Terms and Conditions contain no restrictions on change of control events or structural changes, 
such as consolidations or mergers or demergers of the Issuer or the sale, assignment, spin-off, contribution, 
distribution, transfer or other disposal of all or any portion of the Issuer's or its subsidiaries' properties or 
assets in connection with changes to its legal structure or otherwise and no event of default, requirement to

--- Page 30 ---
- 29 - 
repurchase the Notes or other event will be triggered under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as a 
result of such changes. There can be no assurance that such changes, should they occur, would not adversely 
affect the credit rating of the Issuer and/or increase the likelihood of the occurrence of an event of default. 
Such changes, should they occur, may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to redeem or pay interest on the 
Notes (or otherwise fulfil its obligations with respect to the Notes) and/or lead to circumstances in which 
the Issuer may elect to cancel such interest (if applicable). 
Modification and Waiver 
The General Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including (subject to Condition 14(c)) 
for the passing of resolutions by way of an Extraordinary Resolution, Written Resolution or Electronic 
Consent (each as defined in the Agency Agreement). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including such Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting (or did not 
participate in the process for obtaining the Written Resolution or Electronic Consent) and the Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement, unless Condition 14(c) applies, regulations may be 
prescribed by the Issuer without the consent of Noteholders to facilitate the holding of meetings of 
Noteholders and attendance and voting at them. Such regulations may, with the consent of the Agent, 
provide for the holding of "virtual meetings", being any meeting held by any form of telephony or electronic 
platform or facility and which includes, without limitation, telephone and video conference call and 
application technology systems. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 14(c) applies, the Swiss statutory rules on bondholder 
meetings set forth in article 1157 et seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations will apply instead of the 
provisions on bondholder meetings described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution). In such case, in particular and based 
on Swiss law currently in effect, no virtual bondholder meetings will be allowed and any amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may only be done without the consent of the Noteholders if such 
consent is not required by mandatory provisions of Swiss law. 
No consent or approval of Noteholders is required for a variation or amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in order to give effect to the provisions of paragraph (C) of Condition 6(b)(iv) 
(Interest – Floating Rate – SOFR Notes), paragraph (D) of Condition 6(b)(vi) (Interest – Floating Rate – 
SARON Notes) and of Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)). 
Ratings 
Details of the solicited credit ratings assigned by S&P, Moody's and Fitch Ratings to UBS AG can be found 
in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of UBS AG". 
Where a rating has been solicited for a particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable rating(s) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated by S&P, Moody's and/or Fitch Ratings, such 
rating(s) will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to UBS AG described in this Base 
Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned by such credit rating agencies to Notes already issued. 
As a result of the CRA Regulation, if the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
Unsolicited ratings, which may differ from the ratings expected to be assigned by S&P, Moody's and Fitch 
Ratings, may also be assigned to any Tranche of Notes by other credit rating agencies. Issuance of an 
unsolicited credit rating which is lower than the ratings assigned by S&P, Moody's and Fitch Ratings may 
adversely affect the market value and/or liquidity of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any rating assigned to the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in these risk factors, and other factors that may affect the liquidity or market 
value of the Notes. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. Any

--- Page 31 ---
- 30 - 
adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of, and market for, 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Payments contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S. source assets or payments may be subject 
to U.S. withholding 
If payments on Notes are linked to one or more securities, or a basket containing one or more securities, 
issued by a U.S. issuer or to payments on such securities, it is possible that payments of principal, interest 
or disposition proceeds on the Note may be characterised, in whole or in part, as U.S. source income and 
may be subject to U.S. income or withholding tax. 
In particular, under Section 871(m) of the Code, a 30 per cent. withholding tax is imposed on certain 
"dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder with respect to a Tranche of Notes if 
such Notes are "specified equity-linked instruments" that reference one or more dividend-paying U.S. 
equity securities. The withholding tax can apply even if such Notes do not provide for payments that 
reference dividends. The withholding tax applies currently to all dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid 
on specified equity-linked instruments that have a delta of one ("delta one specified equity-linked 
instruments") and is scheduled to apply to all dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on all other 
specified equity-linked instruments issued after 2022. 
The Issuer will determine whether dividend equivalents on the Notes are subject to withholding as of the 
close of the relevant market(s) on the pricing date and the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the 
Notes are specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to withholding on dividend equivalents. If 
withholding is required, the Issuer (or the applicable paying agent) will withhold 30 per cent. in respect of 
dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on the Notes and will not pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any such taxes withheld. The Issuer will withhold this amount regardless of whether an investor is a 
United States person (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or a non-United States person that may otherwise be entitled to an exemption of 
reduction of tax on U.S. source dividend payments pursuant to an income tax treaty. 
Even if the Issuer determines that Notes are not specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to 
withholding on dividend equivalents, it is possible that such Notes could be deemed to be reissued for tax 
purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the underlying shares or Notes (including, but not 
limited to, a substitution of the obligor under the Notes), and following such occurrence the Notes could be 
treated as specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to withholding on dividend equivalent 
payments. It is also possible that withholding tax or other Section 871(m) tax could apply to the Notes 
under these rules if a Non-U.S. Holder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of 
the underlying shares. As described above, if withholding is required, the Issuer will withhold 30 per cent. 
in respect of dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on the Notes and will not pay any additional amounts 
with respect to any such taxes withheld. 
Additionally, in the event that withholding is required, the Issuer hereby notifies each holder that for the 
purposes of Section 871(m), the Issuer will withhold in respect of dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid 
on the Notes on the dividend payment date as described in Treasury regulations section 1.1441-2(e)(4) and 
section 3.03(B) of the form of Qualified Intermediary Agreement contained in Revenue Procedure 2017-
15, as applicable, regardless of whether such investor would otherwise be entitled to an exemption from or 
reduction of withholding on such payments (e.g., a United States person for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes or a non-United States person eligible for an exemption from or reduction in withholding pursuant 
to an income tax treaty). No assurance can be given that an investor will be able to successfully claim 
a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the tax rate that would otherwise apply to such payments. 
In the event of any withholding or deductions described above, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a Noteholder for any such withholding or deduction and, 
therefore, such Noteholder will receive an amount less than it would have otherwise received had no such 
withholding or deduction of taxes been required.

--- Page 32 ---
- 31 - 
Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding their acquisition and ownership of Notes 
the payments on which are contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S. source assets, in 
particular, the application of Section 871(m) and the regulations thereunder in respect of such Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes 
Risks Relating to Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
The method pursuant to which the Rate of Interest for any Floating Rate Note and any Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Note is determined may adversely affect the value of and return on such Notes 
Certain Reference Rates are deemed to be, or are based on, "benchmarks" that are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory scrutiny and reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective, 
while others are still to be formulated or implemented. 
As a result, if such a "benchmark" is specified as (or is a component of) the Reference Rate for the purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, 
there can be no guarantee that such Reference Rate will be determined, in the future, on the same basis as 
at the relevant Issue Date (if at all). 
More generally, any of the above mentioned changes or any other consequential changes to any 
"benchmark" on which interest payments under any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
are based as a result of international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SARON Notes and SOFR Notes) – 
Fallbacks 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (in each case, other than SARON Notes and SOFR Notes) specify an alternative method for 
determining the Reference Rate if such rate (or any component of such rate) is not available at any relevant 
time on any relevant date (such alternative method, the "Fallback Mechanism") 
The application of the Fallback Mechanism to any such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than the payments of interest that would 
have been made if the Reference Rate or any component of such rate (as the case may be) had been available 
at the relevant time on the relevant date.  See also "Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than SARON Notes and SOFR Notes) – Benchmark Replacement" below. 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SARON Notes and SOFR Notes)  – 
Benchmark Replacement 
In the case of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than any Series of SARON 
Notes or SOFR Notes), if the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)) is 
applicable, and the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of the applicable Reference Rate (the "Existing Reference Rate"), then the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine, in the Independent 
Adviser's reasonable discretion, a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate to the Existing Reference Rate in accordance 
with the terms of Condition 6(f)(i). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an 
Alternative Reference Rate, then the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) may make these 
determinations itself. Any such determination may also result in changes to, amongst other things, the 
definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Interest Payment Date, and/or Interest Period and/or certain conditions in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes necessary in order to implement the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
See "Risks Relating to the Notes Generally – Modification and Waiver". 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the terms 
of Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating

--- Page 33 ---
- 32 - 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (following consultation with the Calculation Agent), as the case may be, may also determine whether 
to apply an Adjustment Spread, which is a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating any such spread in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Existing Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate. 
If it has been determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Existing Reference Rate, 
but (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, and (ii) the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, then 
the Rate of Interest for the Affected Interest Period will be determined by reference to the Rate of Interest 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period 
for Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest). 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including the determination to use (or not 
use) an Adjustment Spread) may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than, or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on such Notes if the 
Existing Reference Rate remained available in the form it is in on the relevant Issue Date. Furthermore, 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer may have to 
exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
Notes. 
SOFR Notes – Benchmark Replacement 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, for any Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes that are SOFR Notes, if at any time at which the SOFR Reference Rate is required to be determined, 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) determines that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, 
then the Rate of Interest will no longer be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined 
by reference to a different rate, which will be a different benchmark than SOFR (a "SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement"), and will reflect a spread adjustment (a "SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment"), 
as further described in Condition 6(b)(iv) (Interest – Floating Rate – SOFR Notes). 
In such case, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be the rate and spread adjustment that is the first 
alternative in the rates and spread adjustments described in the definition thereof that can be determined by 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any. These rates and spread adjustments may be 
selected, recommended or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the Alternative 
Reference Rates Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York), (ii) the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent (if any). In addition, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any) 
determine that (A) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Observation Look-Back 
Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or 
(B) any other technical changes to any other provision of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
expressly authorise the Issuer to amend such definitions and other provisions without the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Notes. See "Risks Relating to the Notes Generally – Modification and 
Waiver". The determination of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), the calculation of the Rate of Interest by reference to a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as described in Condition 6(b)(iv) determined by 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, to be necessary in order to 
implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and any other determinations, decisions or elections that 
may be made under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in connection with a SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 34 ---
- 33 - 
Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR Notes, the return on such Notes and 
the price at which investors can sell such Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent (if any). Any exercise of such discretion by the Issuer may 
present the Issuer with a conflict of interest. In addition, if an affiliate of the Issuer is appointed as the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, any exercise of such discretion by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent may present the Issuer or such affiliate with a conflict of interest. 
In addition, (i) the composition and characteristics of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the 
same as those of SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of SOFR, 
there can be no assurance that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as SOFR 
would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be a 
comparable substitute for SOFR (each of which means that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event could 
adversely affect the value of the relevant SOFR Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which 
investors can sell the Notes), (ii) any failure of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect such Notes, (iii) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may have a very 
limited history and the future performance of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based 
on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for notes linked to the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement may make 
changes that could change the value of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to 
consider the interests of holders of the Notes in doing so. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
SOFR Notes. 
SARON Notes – Benchmark Replacement 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, for any Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes that are SARON Notes, if for any Zurich Banking Day in any SARON Observation Period, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or may no longer be used or is no longer provided by 
the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Calculation Agent will use the fallback provisions set out in paragraph (3) 
of the definition of the term "SARON" of the General Terms and Conditions, which include using the 
rate, if any, that has been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by 
any working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, 
among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland. If no such 
rate has been recommended within one Zurich Banking Day, the Calculation Agent will use the SNB 
Policy Rate for such Zurich Banking Day in place of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for purposes 
of determining SARON Compounded for the relevant Interest Period. These provisions may result in 
the use of a reference rate that is not the same as the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as at the relevant 
Issue Date for the calculation of the Rate of Interest for the remainder of the term of the Notes, and 
such rate may have different characteristics from the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as at the relevant 
Issue Date, including being based on different periods of time. 
The use of a reference rate other than the Swiss Average Rate Overnight in the form it is in on the 
relevant Issue Date may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than, or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments of interest that would have been made if the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight remained available in the same form as it was in as at the relevant Issue Date. 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, in respect of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes that are SARON Notes, if the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the 
definition of the term "SARON" have been satisfied and the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 
6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes)) is applicable, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine, in the Independent Adviser's reasonable discretion, an alternative 
reference rate to SARON, which rate shall be such rate as it determines has replaced SARON in 
customary market usage or, if it determines that no such rate has replaced SARON in customary market 
usage, such other rate that it reasonably determines is most comparable to SARON in accordance with 
the terms of Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)) (the "Alternative SARON Reference Rate"). If the Issuer is not

--- Page 35 ---
- 34 - 
able to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to 
determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate, then the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) may make these determinations itself. Any such determination may also result in changes to 
Condition 6(b)(vi) (Interest – Floating Rate – SARON Notes) and/or the definitions of SARON, SARON 
Observation Period or Zurich Banking Day in order to implement the Alternative SARON Reference 
Rate. See "Risks Relating to the Notes Generally – Modification and Waiver". 
Furthermore, if an Alternative SARON Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer in accordance with the terms of Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)), the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (following consultation with the Calculation Agent), as the case 
may be, may also determine whether to apply an Adjustment Spread, which is a spread (which may be 
positive or negative) or a formula or methodology for calculating any such spread in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of SARON with the 
Alternative SARON Reference Rate. 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of the term "SARON" have been satisfied 
and the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating 
Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)) is applicable, but (i) the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails 
to determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate, and (ii) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine the Alternative SARON Reference Rate, SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day, for 
all succeeding Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and for all Zurich 
Banking Days in the SARON Observation Periods thereafter will be SARON determined as at the last 
Zurich Banking Day preceding the Affected Zurich Banking Day. 
The use of an Alternative SARON Reference Rate (including the determination to use (or not use) an 
Adjustment Spread) may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than, or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on such Notes if the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight remained available in the form it is in on the relevant Issue Date. Furthermore, 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to determine an Alternative SARON Reference Rate, the Issuer may have to exercise its 
discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative SARON Reference Rate in a 
situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value and marketability of, and return on, such 
SARON Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, Sterling 
Overnight Index Average and Swiss Average Rate Overnight as reference rates 
The Rate of Interest for a Series of SOFR Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR, which is 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of 
borrowing cash overnight collateralised by Treasury securities and a current preferred replacement rate to 
USD LIBOR. In addition to the daily SOFR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently publishes 
compounded averages of the SOFR over rolling 30-, 90-, and 180-calendar day periods and the SOFR 
Index, which allows for the calculation of compounded average rates over custom time periods. The Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of 
SOFR or the SOFR Index at any time without notice. 
The Rate of Interest for a Series of SONIA Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, which is 
published by the Bank of England and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of financial institutions 
in borrowing sterling overnight and a current preferred replacement rate to GBP LIBOR. In addition to 
daily SONIA, the Bank of England currently publishes compounded averages over SONIA over monthly, 
quarterly and annual periods and the SONIA Compounded Index, which allows for the calculation of 
compounded average rates over custom time periods. The Bank of England notes on its website that the 
Bank of England may alter the methodology of SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index at any time 
without further notice.

--- Page 36 ---
- 35 - 
The Rate of Interest for a Series of SARON Notes will be determined by reference to the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight (for the purposes of this risk factor, "SARON"), which is published by SIX Index Ltd 
on the SIX Group's website and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of financial institutions in 
borrowing Swiss francs overnight by reference to transactions and quotes posted in the Swiss repo 
market and a current preferred replacement rate to CHF LIBOR. In addition to daily SARON, SIX Index 
Ltd currently publishes SARON compound rates and SARON compound indices over several pre-
defined time periods and a calculator for compounded daily SARON that allows for the calculation 
thereof over custom time periods on the SIX Group's website. The SIX Group's website notes that SIX 
Index Ltd may alter the methodology of SARON at any time without further notice. 
Investors in any such Notes should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR, 
SONIA and SARON as reference rates in the debt capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to USD 
LIBOR, GBP LIBOR and CHF LIBOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR and SONIA, including term SOFR 
and SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of average SOFR and 
SONIA rates over a designated term). The nascent development of SOFR, SONIA and SARON rates as 
interest reference rates for use in the debt capital markets, as well as the continued development of SOFR, 
SONIA and SARON based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of SOFR 
Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes issued under the Programme. 
In the case of any SOFR Notes, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily 
SOFR (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions). Additionally, if the relevant Final Terms specify 
that Index Determination is applicable, then the formula which will be used to determine Compounded 
Daily SOFR for each Interest Period will reference the SOFR Index as set forth in the definition of 
Compounded Daily SOFR in Condition 6(b)(iv)(E), unless the SOFR Index for any relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that is required to determine Compounded Daily SOFR for the 
relevant Interest Period does not appear on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at the Relevant Time 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. If such SOFR Index does not so appear or if the relevant 
Final Terms specify that Index Determination is not applicable, then Compounded Daily SOFR will be 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the formula set forth in the definition of 
Compounded Daily SOFR in Condition 6(b)(iv)(B). Compounded Daily SOFR differs from USD LIBOR 
in a number of material respects. Investors in SOFR Notes should be aware that USD LIBOR and 
Compounded Daily SOFR may behave materially differently and that returns on investments in SOFR 
Notes may differ depending on which methodology is applicable for the purpose of calculation of 
Compounded Daily SOFR and the related fallbacks provided for in the General Terms and Conditions. 
In the case of any SONIA Notes, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily 
SONIA (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions). Additionally, if the relevant Final Terms specify 
that Index Determination is applicable, then the formula which will be used to determine Compounded 
Daily SONIA for each Interest Period will reference the SONIA Compounded Index as set forth in the 
definition of Compounded Daily SONIA in Condition 6(b)(v)(C), unless the SONIA Compounded Index 
for any relevant London Banking Day does not appear on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database (or any successor source on which the Compounded Daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank 
of England (or such successor administrator)) at the Relevant Time on such London Banking Day. If such 
SONIA Compounded Index does not so appear or if the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that Index 
Determination is not applicable, then Compounded Daily SONIA will be determined for each Interest 
Period in accordance with the formula set forth in the definition of Compounded Daily SONIA in Condition 
6(b)(v)(A). Compounded Daily SONIA differs from GBP LIBOR in a number of material respects 
including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-
free overnight rate, whereas Sterling LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors in SONIA Notes should be 
aware that GBP LIBOR and Compounded Daily SONIA may behave materially differently, including, 
without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global 
or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events, and that returns on 
investments in SONIA Notes may differ depending on which methodology is applicable for the purpose of 
calculation of interest and the related fallbacks provided for in the General Terms and Conditions. 
In the case of any SARON Notes, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of SARON 
Compounded (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions). SARON Compounded differs from, the 
now discontinued, CHF LIBOR in a number of material respects. Investors in SARON Notes should be

--- Page 37 ---
- 36 - 
aware that SARON Compounded may behave materially differently than CHF LIBOR historically behaved 
and that returns on investments in SONIA Notes may differ depending on which methodology is applicable 
for the purpose of calculation of interest and the related fallbacks provided for in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
The use of SOFR, SONIA and SARON as reference rates continue to develop both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR, SONIA and SARON. In particular, investors should be aware that several 
different SOFR, SONIA and SARON methodologies have been used in SOFR, SONIA and SARON linked 
notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounded daily approach in the General Terms and Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR, SONIA or SARON that differs 
significantly from that set out in the General Terms and Conditions and used in relation to SOFR Notes, 
SONIA Notes or SARON Notes issued under the Programme or other debt instruments that reference 
SOFR, SONIA or SARON. The Issuer may in the future also issue floating rate notes or fixed rate/floating 
rate notes referencing SOFR, SONIA or SARON that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes or SARON Notes issued by it under the 
Programme. The development of SOFR, SONIA and SARON as reference rates, as well as the continued 
development of SOFR-based rates, SONIA-based rates and SARON-based rates for such markets, the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates and the extension of the publication of most USD LIBOR 
settings until end-June 2023, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA Notes, SOFR Notes and SARON Notes issued under the Programme 
from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of 
which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if any such Notes become due and 
payable (in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, after the Floating Rate Commencement Date) on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date (whether as a result of an event of default under Condition 11 
(Events of Default) or early redemption or otherwise), either (i) the relevant observation period during 
which SOFR (if applicable), SONIA (if applicable) or SARON, as the case may be, is observed for the 
purposes of determining Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded, 
respectively, and, thereby, the Rate of Interest applicable to the final Interest Period will be shortened, or 
(ii) the final Interest Period during which SONIA is observed will be shortened (in the case of SONIA 
Notes where in the relevant Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method), or (iii) the final 
Interest Period for which the SOFR Index or the SONIA Compounded Index is observed on the first and 
last day thereof, will be shortened (in the case of SOFR Notes or SONIA Notes where in the relevant Final 
Terms Index Determination is specified as applicable), in each case so that it ends on (and includes) the 
date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR, SONIA and SARON reference rates in the 
debt capital markets may differ materially when compared with the application and adoption of SOFR, 
SONIA and SARON in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR, SONIA and SARON reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes. 
Since SOFR, SONIA and SARON (in their current forms) are relatively new market indices, SOFR Notes, 
SONIA Notes and SARON Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to 
or referencing SOFR, SONIA and SARON, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued 
indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SOFR, SONIA or SARON do not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes, the trading price of such SOFR Notes, 
SONIA Notes and SARON Notes may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely 
used. Investors in SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all 
or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar

--- Page 38 ---
- 37 - 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SOFR, SONIA or SARON will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and/or SARON Notes. If the manner in which SOFR, SONIA or SARON is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on SOFR 
Notes, SONIA Notes or SARON Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR and/or the SOFR Index, 
the Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index 
and SIX Index Ltd (or a successor), as administrator of SARON may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SOFR, the SOFR Index, SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index and/or 
SARON (as applicable), including changes related to the method by which SOFR, the SOFR Index, 
SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index and/or SARON are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SOFR, the SOFR Index, SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index and/or 
SARON, or timing related to the publication of SOFR, the SOFR Index, SONIA, the SONIA Compounded 
Index and/or SARON. In addition, the relevant administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend the 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR, the SOFR Index, SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index and/or 
SARON (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
relevant administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising, suspending or discontinuing SOFR, the SOFR Index, SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index and/or SARON. 
The interest rate on Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, which 
can be expected to affect interest payments on such Notes and could affect the secondary market in and the 
market value of such Notes 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms until but excluding the Floating Rate Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). Thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will convert 
to a floating rate, which rate will be determined for each interest period on the applicable interest 
determination date by reference to the reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, and may be subject to a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both. Upon such conversion, the floating rate of interest for the first (and any subsequent) interest 
period could be less than the initial interest rate and/or the spread on the Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate and, therefore, adversely affect the secondary market in and the market value 
of such Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of establishment of 
the relevant Branch through which the Issuer is acting (if applicable), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer is or becomes subject to tax, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax as a result of any change in laws or regulations of the relevant jurisdiction, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Additionally, the General Terms and Conditions provide for early redemption of Notes in certain other 
circumstances, if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  Such circumstances include it 
becoming illegal or impossible to hold, acquire, or dispose of the Notes by the Issuer or its affiliates or the 
Issuer or its affiliates will incur materially increased costs in performing its obligations under such Notes 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulations or due to the promulgation of or 
any change in interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulations. 
If the relevant Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(c), the Fair Market Value Amount will be equal 
to the fair market value of the Notes prior to redemption, less allowances for costs associated with the 
unwinding of any related underlying hedging arrangements which were put in place to provide the returns 
on the Notes. Consequently, the early redemption amount an investor in such Notes receives may be 
less than their original investment and an investor could lose some or all of their money.  Also, if the

--- Page 39 ---
- 38 - 
Calculation Agent determines that the redemption of the Fair Market Value Amount in the Specified 
Currency is impossible, impracticable or illegal, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at the Fair Market Value 
Amount in another currency converted at the spot rate between the Specified Currency and such other 
currency. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at 
the Issuer's option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the relevant Notes at times when its cost of alternative 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the relevant Notes.  In such an event, an investor may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that 
of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider 
whether and how to reinvest the proceeds of such redemption in light of other investments available at that 
time. There can be no assurance that holders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the relevant Notes. An optional redemption feature 
is likely to limit the market value of the Notes.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the 
Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  There is no requirement to redeem the 
relevant Notes or any other debt instruments of the Issuer which rank pari passu with the relevant Notes 
being redeemed on a pro rata basis or otherwise should the Issuer exercise its right to redeem the relevant 
Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream 
Frankfurt, SIS and/or DTC and the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes are registered with SIS, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Certain Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or 
issued as Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes: 
 
In the case of Global Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is 
not applicable or the Global Registered Notes are not to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg"), Clearstream 
Banking AG ("Clearstream Frankfurt") or with or on behalf of DTC or, in the case of Bearer 
SIS Notes, with SIX SIS Ltd ("SIS") or such other intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) in 
Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA (the 
"SIS Note Intermediary"). If the New Global Note form is applicable or the relevant Global 
Registered Note is to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, then the Global Notes will be 
deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
 
In the case of Uncertified Swiss SIS Notes, such Notes will be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes, investors will not 
be entitled to receive definitive Notes. 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, and/or DTC will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes. In the case of SIS Notes, the records of the SIS Note Intermediary 
will determine the number of SIS Notes held through each participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. While 
the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes), investors will be able 
to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt 
and/or DTC. In the case of SIS Notes, so long as they constitute Intermediated Securities, they may only 
be transferred by entry of the transferred SIS Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or are Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, the 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments (through, in the case of 
SIS Notes, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent) to the common depositary, common safekeeper or the 
relevant clearing system, as applicable, for Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and 
the SIS Note Intermediary or to DTC or a nominee thereof for distribution to their account holders. A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or a holder of an SIS Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, SIS, DTC or any other relevant clearing system to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to,

--- Page 40 ---
- 39 - 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or SIS Notes held through any 
participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes (except for holders of Bearer SIS Notes) will not have a 
direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to 
the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and/or DTC 
to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes (except holders 
of Bearer SIS Notes) will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against 
the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Deed of Covenant (in the case of Bearer Notes, in global form only), or mandatory rules in accordance with 
international private law. 
Any holder of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes may cause the conversion of all the Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes of the same Series into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 2(e)(ii), any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note may elect to convert 
such Note, together with all the other Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes of the same Series, into 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes. The holders of such other Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will not be 
able to prevent such conversion and, as a result of such conversion, such Notes will be removed from the 
main register (Hauptregister) of UBS Switzerland AG and entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of SIS or such other SIS Note Intermediary. See "Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt, SIS and/or DTC and the Uncertificated Swiss 
SIS Notes are registered with SIS, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer" above. 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it 
will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including 
unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations in respect of subordinated debt) in full before it can make 
any payments on the relevant Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after 
these payments to pay amounts due under the relevant Notes. 
Risks Relating to Notes issued as Green Bonds 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not meet investor expectations or requirements 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes are Green Bonds (as 
defined below in "Use of Proceeds"). In such case, it is intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will 
use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of such Notes to finance, refinance or otherwise 
maintain new and existing Eligible Assets (which can be identified on a Group-wide basis), as further 
described in the UBS Green Funding Framework (as defined below in "Use of Proceeds"). 
No assurance can be given that any Eligible Asset that may be allocated to Notes issued as Green Bonds 
for purposes of the UBS Green Funding Framework will meet the goals of the UBS Green Funding 
Framework, any investor's expectations or objectives or any requirements regarding any "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called "EU Taxonomy")). Additionally, no assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the structure described in the UBS Green Funding 
Framework, or any aspect thereof (including the approach of identifying Eligible Assets on a Group-wide 
basis and allocation to maintenance of existing Eligible Assets), will satisfy any present or future investment 
criteria, market standards or law and regulations applicable to the investor or the by-laws, internal 
regulations or internal guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses. 
If the use of the proceeds of Notes issued as Green Bonds is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in 
such Notes, they should (i) have regard to the information in "Use of Proceeds" and under "Reasons for the 
Offer/Use of Proceeds" in the Final Terms relating to such Notes, as well as the factors described in the 
UBS Green Funding Framework, to determine for themselves the relevance of such information and factors 
for the purpose of an investment in such Notes, together with any other investigation they deem necessary,

--- Page 41 ---
- 40 - 
and (ii) seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding their 
purchase of any such Notes before deciding to invest. There is no obligation of the Issuer to directly or 
indirectly fund Eligible Assets with the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bond. Each prospective 
investor in Notes issued as Green Bonds should also be aware that, as described under "Use of Proceeds", 
the UBS Green Funding Framework (including the Eligible Asset categories) may be updated, amended 
and/or replaced from time to time, including after the issue date of any such Notes, and any such resulting 
changes to the UBS Green Funding Framework may also apply to Notes that were issued as Green Bonds 
prior to the date of such update, amendment or replacement. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date hereof, the 
third party providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any such Notes must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any Notes issued as Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issuance of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to maintain new and existing Eligible Assets as further 
described in "Use of Proceeds" under "Reasons for the Offer/Use of Proceeds" in the Final Terms relating 
to such Notes and in the UBS Green Funding Framework, and will evaluate, select and report on Eligible 
Assets as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework, there is no contractual or regulatory obligation 
to do so. There can also be no assurance that any assets or type(s) of assets qualifying as Eligible Assets 
pursuant to the UBS Green Funding Framework will be available or meet the required principles and 
standards at any time and, accordingly, that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will be able to use an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (either totally or partially) to maintain Eligible 
Assets as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Asset will achieve the 
certifications, impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. 
Noteholders will have no direct or indirect interest in, or recourse to, any Eligible Asset, and Eligible Assets 
are not collateral for the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Additionally, none of: 
 
a failure by the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issuance of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (either totally or partially) to maintain Eligible 
Assets as described in the relevant Final Terms, "Use of Proceeds" and the UBS Green Funding 
Framework; 
 
a failure of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries to evaluate, select and report on Eligible Assets 
as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework; 
 
a failure of a third party to issue (or the withdrawal by a third party of) an opinion or certification 
in connection with the UBS Green Funding Framework or any Notes issued as Green Bonds; 
 
the failure of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements 
regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels or characteristics; or 
 
a failure of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to be or continue to be listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid,

--- Page 42 ---
- 41 -
will (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
or constitute a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other 
purpose or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Green Bond or give any Noteholder 
the right to require redemption of its Notes. However, the occurrence of any of the above factors may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors in 
such Notes that have portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the 
need to sell such Notes as a result of such Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or 
mandate). 
Risks Relating to Notes Denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes denominated in 
Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC, 
although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market 
for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore

--- Page 43 ---
- 42 - 
liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for 
limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating 
banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the 
General Terms and Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such 
payment in U.S. Dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes 
propose to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount 
they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by global instruments held with the common depositary or common safekeeper (or a 
nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper), as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented 
by Notes in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any 
other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).

--- Page 44 ---
- 43 - 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or 
PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. 
The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived 
by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of the Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules 
have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 
per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual holder from the transfer 
of the Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual 
holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Renminbi 
Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of Renminbi 
Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 45 ---
- 44 - 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME IN RELATION TO NOTES ISSUED UNDER A 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The following information is only an overview of the key features of the Programme and is solely in respect 
of any Notes which will be issued under the Programme pursuant to the relevant Pricing Supplement and 
which will not require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. To determine the terms and 
conditions which apply to any issue of Notes it is necessary to read the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
the "General Terms and Conditions" and the relevant Pricing Supplement which will contain the specific 
terms and conditions of the relevant issue. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that such Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the General Terms and Conditions. 
The relevant Pricing Supplement for the Notes will be prepared using one of the two forms contained in 
this Base Prospectus (see "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" and "Pro Forma Alternative Pricing 
Supplement" below), as elected by the Issuer. 
Issuer 
UBS AG (the "Issuer"), acting through its head offices in Basel and 
Zurich ("UBS Head Office") or its London branch, Jersey branch, 
Australian branch, Hong Kong branch or any of its other branches 
outside Switzerland as it shall determine from time to time (the 
London branch, Jersey branch, Australian branch, Hong Kong branch 
or such other branch, a "Branch"). 
Programme Arranger and 
Authorised Adviser 
UBS AG London Branch 
Dealers 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UBS Securities LLC 
 
UBS AG 
 
Other dealers may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally for the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or 
Tranche of Notes. 
Agents 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association 
UBS AG 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS Europe SE 
Luxembourg Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Irish Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS AG 
Registrars 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association

--- Page 46 ---
- 45 - 
UBS AG 
UBS Switzerland AG 
UBS Europe SE 
Programme Amount 
The aggregate nominal amount outstanding under the Programme at 
any time is unlimited. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered 
form ("Registered Notes") or in uncertificated form. 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes may be issued in global form or 
definitive form. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, Bearer Notes may be exchanged for Registered Notes; 
however, Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
The term "Notes" refers to Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Notes in 
definitive or global form and Uncertificated Swiss Notes (as defined 
below). 
 
Notes that are deposited with, or registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of, SIS SIX Ltd ("SIS") or such other intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as amended (the 
"FISA") (the "SIS Note Intermediary") (such Notes, "SIS Notes") 
will be (i) in the case of SIS Notes issued by a Branch, Bearer Notes 
("Bearer SIS Notes"), (ii) in the case of SIS Notes issued by UBS 
Head Office, UBS AG, London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch, 
issued in uncertificated form ("Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes"). 
UBS Head Office, UBS AG, London Branch or UBS AG Jersey 
Branch may also issue Notes in uncertificated form that are initially 
registered in the main register (Hauptregister) of UBS Switzerland AG as 
intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the 
FISA (the "Non-SIS Note Intermediary") (the "Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes"). With respect to the Uncertificated Swiss 
Non-SIS Notes of any Series, any Noteholder may elect to convert the 
Notes of such Series, in whole but not in part, into Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii). 
The SIS Notes and the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes are, 
together, the "Swiss Notes".  
Bearer Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) may initially 
be represented by any one or more of (i) one or more temporary global 
Notes or, (ii) one or more permanent global Notes which will be issued 
in new global note ("New Global Note" of "NGN") form. If the 
relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that the New Global Note 
form is not applicable, then the Bearer Note will be a classic global 
note ("Classic Global Note" or "CGN"). In the case of Bearer Notes 
initially represented by a temporary or permanent global Note (each 
a "Global Note"), if the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that the 
New Global Note form is not applicable, the global Note will be 
deposited with a depositary for one, or a common depositary for more 
than one, clearing system, including Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and SIS. Otherwise, if the 
relevant Pricing Supplement specifies that the New Global Note form 
is applicable, each global Note will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or

--- Page 47 ---
- 46 - 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Temporary global Notes will be exchanged for either (i) a permanent 
global Note which will be held by a depositary for one, or a common 
depositary or common safekeeper for more than one, clearing system, 
or (ii) definitive Notes, in accordance with the provisions set out in 
the relevant temporary global Note. A permanent global Note may be 
exchanged for definitive Notes only in accordance with the provisions 
set out in the relevant permanent global Note. Bearer Notes are 
subject to US tax law requirements. See "Selling Restrictions" below. 
 
Notes that are initially deposited with a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Pricing Supplement) 
other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg or any accounts held with other 
clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems. 
Each Tranche of Bearer SIS Notes will be represented exclusively by 
a permanent global Note (Globalurkunde auf Dauer) which shall be 
deposited with SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. The permanent 
global Note will only be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Notes if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after 
consultation with the Issuer, that the printing of definitive Notes is 
necessary or useful, or the presentation of definitive Notes is required 
by applicable laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement 
of the rights of noteholders. Neither the Issuer nor any holder of Bearer 
SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of the permanent global Note documenting such Bearer 
SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities 
(Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes which are sold in reliance on Regulation S, will 
initially be represented by one or more unrestricted global notes 
("Unrestricted Global Note") which will either be:  (a) in the case of 
a Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary or 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and any 
relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with a custodian for DTC; or (b) in the case of a Note to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the 
name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
 
Registered Notes sold in reliance upon Rule 144A will initially be 
represented by one or more permanent global restricted registered 
Notes (each, a "Restricted Global Note" and together with any 
Unrestricted Global Notes, the "Global Registered Notes"), without 
Coupons or Talons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC or, subject 
to compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and clearing system

--- Page 48 ---
- 47 - 
requirements, deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Notes eligible for sale in the United States to QIBs and to persons that 
are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will initially be in 
registered form and may be represented by a single unified global note 
(each, a "Unified Global Note") which will be deposited with, and 
registered in the name of, a common depository (or its nominee) on 
behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
 
References herein to a "Global Note Certificate" include, as the 
context so requires, an Unrestricted Global Note, a Restricted Global 
Note and/or a Unified Global Note. 
The Registered Notes are constituted by the Deed of Covenant. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS 
Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S only. 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated 
securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c 
of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer 
by means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch), 
and 
be 
entered into the main 
register 
(Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. Neither the 
Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note nor any 
third party will at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note into, or the delivery 
of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually 
certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will be offered and sold in 
reliance on Regulation S only. 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated 
securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by 
means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch), 
and 
be 
entered 
into 
the 
main 
register 
(Hauptregister) of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. A Series of 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will not be registered with the 
SIS or any other central securities depository, unless and until any 
Noteholder elects to convert the Notes of such Series, in whole but not 
in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with 
Condition 2(e)(ii). Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will at any time have the right to 
effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Note into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate 
(Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Series and Tranches 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches of Notes issued on different issue dates 
(each a "Tranche"). The Notes of each Tranche will have identical 
terms and conditions; however, except in the case of SIS Notes, a 
Tranche may comprise Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered 
form. Other than the issue date, the issue price and the date for the first 
payment of interest, the Notes of each Series will have identical terms, 
however, except in the case of SIS Notes, a Series may comprise Notes 
in bearer form and Notes in registered form.

--- Page 49 ---
- 48 - 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount or premium to par and 
either on a fully or partly paid basis. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance with all relevant legal or 
regulatory requirements. 
Multi-Currency Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be denominated in one currency and 
payments in relation to the Notes may be made in one or more 
different currencies. 
Denominations 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. Notes in 
registered form sold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be issued in 
denominations of at least US$100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency rounded upwards as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement) and higher integral multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its 
equivalent as aforesaid). 
Maturity of Notes 
The Notes may be issued with any maturity subject to compliance with 
all relevant legal or regulatory requirements. 
 
The minimum maturity for Subordinated Notes (as defined below) is 5 
years. 
Redemption 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other redemption amount 
above or below par as may be determined by the Issuer. 
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons and other 
reasons as specified in the General Terms and Conditions and, subject 
to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements, will otherwise be 
permitted at the option of the Issuer or a Noteholder to the extent 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Index-linked Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) in respect of index-linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to such stock, commodity, obligation, index, 
currency exchange rate or formula as determined by the Issuer (all 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). Index-linked Notes 
will be settled either on a cash basis or physical settlement basis, as 
indicated in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Redenomination 
If so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, on 
giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders, elect that the 
Notes be redenominated in euro with effect from the Redenomination 
Date. 
Exchangeability 
If so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, on 
giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders, elect that the 
Notes shall be exchangeable for Notes expressed to be denominated in 
euro, with effect from the Redenomination Date. 
Interest 
Notes may or may not bear interest. Interest (if any) may be at a fixed 
rate, floating rate or fixed rate/floating rate and may vary during the 
lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement and at maturity.

--- Page 50 ---
- 49 - 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to such reference 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as adjusted 
for any applicable margin. Interest Periods will be selected by the 
Issuer prior to issue and specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed 
rate specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; thereafter, the 
interest rate will convert to a floating rate, which rate will be 
determined on the basis of the reference rate specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement and reset on the date or dates specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as adjusted for any applicable Margin 
(as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). Such floating rate 
may be subject to maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both.  
Other Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be issued with such terms and conditions as 
may be determined by the Issuer. The terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes will be the General Terms and Conditions as amended, 
supplemented, modified or replaced by the information contained in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons are unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Notes 
may be senior notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated notes 
("Subordinated Notes") as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
Senior Notes 
Except as may be provided by any legislation, the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under Senior Notes and their Coupons will at all times 
rank equally with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Subordinated Notes and 
their Coupons will at all times rank equally with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer other than subordinated obligations which are 
expressed to rank junior to the Notes. 
Substitution of the Issuer and 
Issuing Branch Substitution 
The Issuer may, at its option and having given notice to the 
Noteholders, designate, without the consent of any Noteholders, an 
Affiliate (as defined below) to assume liability for the due and 
punctual payment of all payments on all Notes then outstanding in the 
relevant Series and the performance of all the Issuer's other obligations 
under all the Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series, the 
applicable Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
 
Prior to any such substitution of the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option 
and having given notice to the Noteholders, (i) cease to make 
payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due under all 
Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series and fulfil any of its other 
obligations and exercise any of its rights and powers in respect of, or 
arising under, all Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series through 
the Branch or the UBS Head Office, as applicable, through which it is 
acting at the time of the relevant notice, and (ii) commence making 
such payments, fulfilling such other obligations and exercising such 
powers and rights through another Branch or the UBS Head Office (if 
the Issuer was not acting through the UBS Head Office at the time of 
the relevant notice).

--- Page 51 ---
- 50 - 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of future 
taxes, duties or other withholdings imposed by or in (i) in the case of 
Notes issued through a Branch, the location of the relevant Branch, (ii) 
Switzerland and (iii) any other jurisdiction in which the Issuer is or 
becomes subject to tax unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. If such taxes are required to be withheld or deducted, 
the Issuer will pay additional amounts in respect of the Notes subject 
to the customary exceptions. 
In the case of Notes issued by UBS Head Office, these exceptions 
include the Swiss federal withholding tax (which, as at the date of this 
Base Listing Particulars, is set at a rate of 35 per cent.) to which all 
payments of interest on such Notes will be subject, and no additional 
amounts shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of any such withholding. 
The holder of any such Note residing in Switzerland who, at the time 
the payment of interest is due, is the beneficial recipient of the 
payment of interest and who duly reports the gross payment of interest 
in his or her tax return and, as the case may be, in the statement of 
income, is entitled to a full refund of or a full tax credit for the Swiss 
federal withholding tax. A holder of any such Note who is not resident 
in Switzerland may be able to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss 
federal withholding tax by virtue of provisions of an applicable double 
taxation treaty, if any, between Switzerland and the country of 
residence of such holder. 
ERISA 
In certain circumstances Benefit Plan Investors may purchase or hold 
Notes (or an interest therein). See "ERISA and Related 
Considerations". 
Listing 
Each Series may be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or may be 
unlisted. Notes may also be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange or be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, 
which does not require a prospectus to be prepared under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by English law; provided, however, that, on or prior to 
the Issue Date for the first Tranche of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes to be issued under the Programme, the Issuer will enter into an 
agency agreement that will apply to all Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes and it will apply to any Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
if so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, which agreement 
will be governed by Swiss law. 
The Notes (other than Swiss Notes) and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) 
are governed by English law, except for, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Condition 5(b) (Status of the Notes - In the case of 
Subordinated Notes), which is governed by Swiss law. 
The Swiss Notes are governed by Swiss law. 
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions 
The Notes are subject to restrictions on their offer, sale, delivery and 
transfer both generally and specifically in the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Australia, Singapore, 
Japan, Hong Kong, the PRC, Taiwan, The Netherlands, Canada and

--- Page 52 ---
- 51 - 
the European Economic Area. These restrictions are described under 
"Selling Restrictions" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
 
Further restrictions may be required in connection with particular 
Series or Tranches of Notes, and, if so, will be specified in the 
documentation relating to the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Enforcement of Bearer Notes 
in Global Form 
In the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) in global 
form, held in a clearing system, investors will have certain direct rights 
of enforcement against the Issuer in the event of such global note 
becoming void ("Direct Rights"). The Direct Rights are contained in 
a Deed of Covenant executed by the Issuer, copies of which are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the office of 
the relevant Agent. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC, Clearstream Frankfurt, 
SIS and any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. A Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
will not be registered with the SIS or any other central securities 
depository unless and until the Notes of such Series are converted, in 
whole but not in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in 
accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii).  
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Rule 144A 
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A will be permitted, if 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to compliance 
with all relevant, legal and regulatory requirements of the United States 
of America. 
Use of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Series or Tranche of Notes (i) when 
issued by the Issuer acting through any Branch, will be used by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, in each case 
outside Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the 
Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time without payments in 
respect of the Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for 
Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland or (ii) when issued by UBS Head Office, will be used by 
the Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group. If, in respect 
of any Series or Tranche of Notes, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, for example the Notes are issued as "Green Bonds", this 
will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Please see 
"Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 53 ---
- 52 -
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated in and taken to form part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars: 
(a)
UBS AG Group and UBS AG's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "Annual
Report 2021"), filed in the European Single Electronic Format and published on 28 April 2022
(currently 
accessible 
at: 
 
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/investor-relations/financial-
information/esef-filings.html);
(b)
UBS Group AG's and UBS AG's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020 ("Annual
Report 2020"), filed in the European Single Electronic Format and published on 30 April 2021
(currently 
accessible 
at: 
 
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/investor-relations/financial-
information/esef-filings.html);
(c)
UBS AG's standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 ("Standalone
Financial Statements 2021"), filed on Form 6-K with the SEC on 7 March 2022 (currently
accessible at:  https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings);
(d)
UBS AG's standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 ("Standalone
Financial Statements 2020"), filed on Form 6-K with the SEC on 5 March 2021 (currently
accessible at:  https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings);
(e)
UBS AG's first quarter 2022 financial report for the three months ended 30 March 2022 ("UBS
AG First Quarter 2022 Report"), filed on Form 6-K with the SEC on 29 April 2022 (currently
accessible at https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings);
(f)
UBS Group AG's first quarter 2022 financial report for the three months ended 30 March 2022
("UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report"), filed on Form 6-K with the SEC on 26 April 2022
(currently accessible at:  https://www.ubs.com/sec-filings);
(g)
the articles of association of UBS AG dated 26 April 2018 (currently accessible at:
https://www.ubs.com/ubs-ag-governance); and
(h)
the terms and conditions set out on:
(i)
pages 18-35 of the base prospectus dated 1 July 2005 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/909f38a3-7b43-4b58-
b3eb-1ba90ea0834f.PDF);
(ii)
pages 18-36 of the base prospectus dated 3 July 2006 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9ecc88de-7743-4a7f-ac7a-
60f57f88f3b2.pdf); 
(iii)
pages 19-37 of the base prospectus dated 4 July 2007 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/b61bacf5-70e6-4298-
b6b1-5008cc00f143.pdf);
(iv)
pages 18-35 of the base prospectus dated 4 July 2008 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/ec4a18ec-e651-44ee-
9c94-9cd4861e14fb.pdf);
(v)
pages 18-35 of the base prospectus dated 20 April 2009 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/c19b07d0-572a-4a66-
b769-02d7c1154d6a.pdf);
(vi)
pages 23-42 of the base prospectus dated 27 August 2009 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/10b537ce-64e9-462c-
bdb5-a06940f45455.pdf);

--- Page 54 ---
- 53 - 
(vii) 
pages 18-37 of the base prospectus dated 25 August 2010 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/cfc34f56-fada-496a-
871b-9502ae17a7b8.PDF); 
(viii) 
pages 19-38 of the base prospectus dated 25 August 2011 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0ef97dee-0c78-44f7-9681-
6d4c73bba0af.pdf); 
(ix) 
pages 23-46 of the base prospectus dated 27 June 2012 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a890c495-56db-4ebb-b30d-
576c794048ac.pdf); 
(x) 
pages 37-63 of the base prospectus dated 25 June 2013 (accessible at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8b1ec97f-9d11-4b91-865a-
114deab87712.PDF); 
(xi) 
pages 39-68 of the base prospectus dated 24 June 2014 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_7caf1f17-362c-42ae-bf5c-
7a6ae094dafd.PDF); 
(xii) 
pages 58-87 of the base prospectus dated 22 June 2015 (accessible at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_ad668981-d2fc-4f61-96f2-
4218ab83c5fd.PDF); 
(xiii) 
pages 56-85 of the base prospectus dated 22 June 2016 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e41059a3-27d6-4cff-922e-
afe715c65551.PDF); 
(xiv) 
pages 58-88 of the base prospectus dated 31 May 2017 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+31.05.17_6631a618-e12c-424f-86a2-
735c4ad69a58.PDF); 
(xv) 
pages 58-88 of the base prospectus dated 31 May 2017 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+31.05.17_6631a618-e12c-424f-86a2-
735c4ad69a58.PDF), as amended by page 7 of the base prospectus supplement dated 25 
August 
2017 
(accessible 
at 
https: 
//www.ise.ie/debt_documents/F%20Supplement_8420040b-ccd0-4460-a4ba-
a340846eae73.PDF); 
(xvi) 
pages 58-89 of the base prospectus dated 31 May 2018 (accessible at https: 
//www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Listing%20Particulars%2031.05.2018_
2ef94f45-cfb7-4eb0-a3c9-88c2cc54687d.PDF); 
(xvii) 
pages 63-68 of the base prospectus dated 7 June 2019 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a82efa08-0949-40dc-a69e-
351c25331677.PDF); 
(xviii) 
pages 49-54 of the base prospectus dated 5 June 2020 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b99328f5-df7d-4106-b506-
8c61a89a2b3a.PDF); 
(xix) 
pages 44-59 of the base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 (accessible at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202105/b243e92e-ecce-4158-
9bb3-109758165a50.PDF); and

--- Page 55 ---
- 54 - 
(xx) 
pages 57-97 of the supplement to the base prospectus dated 21 May 2021 (accessible at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202105/b243e92e-ecce-4158-9bb3-109758165a50.PDF), as amended 
by page 18 of the base prospectus supplement dated 30 July 2021 (accessible at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/05b61685-
800b-4a63-9ccc-4ff110c52488.PDF). 
These documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are either not relevant for the investor or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or in a document incorporated or 
deemed incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars will be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars to the extent that 
a statement contained in any subsequent document modifies or supersedes that statement. Any statement 
that is modified or superseded in this manner will no longer be a part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars, except as modified or superseded. 
The consolidated financial statements of UBS AG and auditor's report thereon contained in the Annual 
Report 2021 and the Annual Report 2020 are incorporated by reference herein to comply with certain 
requirements of the Prospectus Regulation and Euronext Dublin. 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission to trading of the Notes, that if while the Notes 
are outstanding and admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to 
trading on the Regulated Market and/or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin there shall occur 
any significant new factor which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (or any 
supplements thereto or any of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars) and/or there shall be any material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (or any supplements thereto or any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars), in each case which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of any 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or, as the case may be, publish 
a new Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars for use in connection with any subsequent offering by the 
Issuer of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to trading on the Regulated Market and/or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issuer will, at its specified offices in Switzerland and at the specified offices of the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg, provide, free of charge, upon the oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars (or any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars), including any amendment or supplement hereto. Written or oral requests for such documents 
should be directed to the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. 
Websites specified in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars are provided for convenience only and 
their contents do not form any part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars.

--- Page 56 ---
- 55 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
UBS AG (the "Issuer") has established a programme (the "Programme") under which it will issue notes 
and other debt securities (the "Notes"), in each case acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich 
("UBS Head Office") or its London branch ("UBS AG London Branch"), Jersey branch ("UBS AG 
Jersey Branch"), Australia branch ("UBS AG Australia Branch"), Hong Kong branch ("UBS AG Hong 
Kong Branch") or one of its other branches outside of Switzerland as it may from time to time determine 
(UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch, UBS AG Australia Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong 
Branch or the Issuer acting through such other branch outside of Switzerland, a "Branch"). The Notes will 
be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of Notes issued on 
different issue dates (each a "Tranche"). The Notes of each Tranche will have identical terms and 
conditions; however, except in the case of Swiss Notes (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions 
(as defined below)), a Tranche may comprise Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered form. The Notes 
of each Series will have identical terms; however, the issue date for each Tranche will, and the issue price 
and the date for the first payment of interest of each Tranche may, be different from the issue date, the issue 
price and the date for the first payment of interest in other Tranches of the same Series. 
In connection with each issue of Notes, where such issue requires a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") the Issuer will prepare final terms (the "Final Terms") or a 
drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") which will contain the information which 
specifically relates to that issue of Notes. 
In connection with each issue of Notes, where such issue does not require a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare a pricing supplement using one of the two forms contained in this Base 
Prospectus (see "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement" and "Pro Forma Alternative Pricing Supplement" below), 
as elected by the Issuer (the "Pricing Supplement"), which will contain the information which specifically 
relates to such issue of Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes, the Final Terms may contain provisions which complete, and the Pricing 
Supplement or the Drawdown Prospectus may contain provisions which supplement, modify or replace, all 
or any part of the General Terms and Conditions for the purpose of that issue alone. In relation to the terms 
and conditions of any issue of Notes, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between the General 
Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions which appear in the relevant Final Terms, the Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, the terms and conditions which appear in such Final 
Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus shall prevail. 
To determine the terms and conditions which apply to a particular issue of Notes, it is necessary (i) to refer 
to the General Terms and Conditions in force on the date the Notes were issued and (ii) to consider the 
extent to which the General Terms and Conditions have been completed by the information contained in 
the relevant Final Terms or supplemented, modified or replaced by the information contained in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be). 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement, 
each reference herein to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer has agreed that The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, U.S. Bank 
Trust National Association, UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE (each an "Agent", which 
expression includes any successor or additional Agent appointed) may each act as issue and paying agent 
for the Notes issued under the Programme which require an issue or paying agent to be appointed and that 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, U.S. Bank Trust National Association, UBS 
AG, UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE (each a "Registrar", which expression includes any 
successor or additional Registrar appointed) may each act as registrar for any Notes issued under the 
Programme which require a registrar to be appointed. The relevant Agent(s) and, if applicable, relevant 
Registrar(s) for the Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE will only be appointed by the Issuer as an 
Agent and/or Registrar in respect of Notes in registered form being sold outside the United States to non-
US persons in reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 57 ---
- 56 - 
The Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, U.S. Bank Trust National Association, The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch as Irish paying agent (the "Irish Paying Agent", which expression includes 
any successor of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch as Irish Paying Agent), UBS AG, 
UBS Switzerland AG and UBS Europe SE (the "Paying Agents" which expression shall include the 
relevant Agent and any other paying agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement) and transfer agents (the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include The Bank of New 
York Mellon and any other transfer agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement) 
have entered into an amended and restated issuing and paying agency agreement dated 26 May 2022 (as 
further amended and restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement"). The Issuer has also entered 
into a deed of covenant dated 26 May 2022 (as further amended and restated from time to time, the "Deed 
of Covenant") in relation to the Notes issued under the Programme. 
References to the parties herein and in the General Terms and Conditions include references to their 
successors, including without limitation, an entity which assumes the rights and obligations of the relevant 
party by operation of the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party. 
The Agency Agreement contains a set of general terms and conditions (the "General Terms and 
Conditions"). The General Terms and Conditions do not reflect the terms and conditions of any specific 
issue of Notes. The General Terms and Conditions may be amended from time to time. 
Subject to the below, in the case of each Series of SIS Notes (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions), the Issuer will, together with (i) the other parties to the Agency Agreement, (ii) UBS AG, 
Zurich and Basel, as principal Swiss paying agent and (iii) the other agents acting as Swiss paying agents, 
if any, enter into a supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement with respect to such Series of SIS 
Notes substantially in the form attached to the Agency Agreement (each, an "SIS Note Supplemental 
Agency Agreement"). The Issuer may, at any time (but in any case on or prior to the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes to be issued under the Programme), together with UBS 
AG, Zurich and Basel and/or UBS Switzerland AG, as principal Swiss paying agent enter into an agency 
agreement with respect to all Uncertificated Swiss Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date 
of such agreement (the "Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement") and, in such case, references 
herein to "SIS Note Supplemental Agency Agreement" and "Agency Agreement" shall, in the case of any 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes to which the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement applies, be 
construed accordingly. References herein to "Principal Swiss Paying Agent" mean (i) in the case of any 
Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes that result from the conversion of such Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes in 
accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii)), UBS Switzerland AG in its capacity as such under the Uncertificated 
Swiss Note Agency Agreement, (ii) in the case of any Series of Bearer SIS Notes, UBS AG, Zurich and 
Basel, in its capacity as such under the applicable SIS Note Supplemental Agency Agreement, and (iii) in 
the case of any Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, in its capacity as 
such under the applicable SIS Note Supplemental Agency Agreement or UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, or 
UBS Switzerland AG (whichever is specified in the relevant Final Terms) in its capacity as such under the 
Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement. Copies of the Agency Agreement, any SIS Note 
Supplemental Agency Agreement and the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement will be available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the office of the relevant Agent. 
The applicable provisions of the relevant Final Terms will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each temporary 
global Note, permanent global Note, definitive Bearer Note and Registered Note. A copy of the relevant 
Final Terms (as applicable) for each issue of Notes will be available for inspection at the specified office 
of the relevant Agent and, in the case of Notes in registered form, the relevant Registrar. In respect of Notes 
listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF Market, a copy of the relevant Final Terms will be lodged with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and will be available free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent and the Transfer Agent in 
Luxembourg. In respect of Notes listed on the Regulated Market or the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin, a copy of the Final Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin. 
Each issue of Notes may be (i) represented by Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or (ii) represented by 
Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") or (iii) represented by Bearer Notes or Registered Notes or 
(iv) in the case of Notes issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch, 
in uncertificated form ("Uncertificated Swiss Notes") as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. If the 
relevant Final Terms for an issue of Notes specifies that the Notes may be represented by Bearer Notes or

--- Page 58 ---
- 57 - 
Registered Notes, then unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, Bearer Notes may be 
exchanged for Registered Notes of the same Series; however, it will not be possible to exchange Registered 
Notes for Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to each issue of Notes for which Bearer 
Notes are available, the Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) may initially be represented by any one 
or more of (i) one or more temporary global Notes (each, a "Temporary Global Note"), (ii) one or more 
permanent global Notes (each, a "Permanent Global Note") or (iii) definitive Notes. In the case of Bearer 
Notes initially represented by a Temporary or Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note"), if the 
relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is not applicable, the Global Note will be 
deposited with a depositary for one, or a common depositary for more than one, clearing system, including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg"), 
Clearstream Banking AG ("Clearstream Frankfurt") and SIS. Otherwise, if the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the New Global Note form is applicable, the Global Note will be deposited with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. Temporary Global Notes will be exchanged for 
either (i) a Permanent Global Note which, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note 
form is not applicable, will be held by a depositary for one, or a common depositary for more than one, 
clearing system, or if the relevant Final Terms specify that the New Global Note form is applicable, will be 
held by a common safekeeper or clearing system, as the case may be, or (ii) definitive Notes in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the relevant Temporary Global Note. A Permanent Global Note may be 
exchanged for definitive Notes only in accordance with the provisions set out in the relevant Permanent 
Global Note. As a result of the issue of global Notes, rights conferred by Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt in relation to the Notes will be created in favour of Noteholders. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes that are SIS Notes ("Bearer SIS Notes"), such Bearer SIS 
Notes will be (i) issued by a Branch, and (ii) represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note 
(Globalurkunde auf Dauer), which will be deposited with SIS or such other intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange for purposes of article 6(1)(c) 
of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as amended (the "FISA") (SIS or 
such other intermediary, the "SIS Note Intermediary"). Once the Permanent Global Note is deposited with 
the SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the SIS Note 
Intermediary, the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the FISA ("Intermediated Securities"). For so long as the Permanent 
Global Note representing the Bearer SIS Notes remains deposited with the SIS Note Intermediary the co-
ownership interest shall be suspended. 
The records of the SIS Note Intermediary will determine the number of Bearer SIS Notes held through each 
participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. For so long as the Bearer SIS Notes constitute Intermediated 
Securities, (i) such Bearer SIS Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS 
Notes in a securities account of the transferee, and (ii) the holder of any such Bearer SIS Note will be the 
person, other than an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Bearer SIS Note in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) or the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) 
holding such Bearer SIS Note for its own account (and the expressions "Noteholder", "Holder", "holder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of Bearer SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand 
the conversion of the Permanent Global Note documenting such Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, 
individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
No physical delivery of the Bearer SIS Notes shall be made unless and until Bearer SIS Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Bearer SIS Notes") are printed. Definitive Bearer SIS Notes may only be printed, in 
whole, but not in part, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, 
that the printing of the definitive Notes is necessary or useful or the presentation of definitive Notes is 
required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement of the rights 
of Noteholders. Should the Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of 
Definitive Bearer SIS Notes without cost to the holders of the relevant Bearer SIS Notes. If Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes are printed, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent will (i) cancel the Permanent Global Note 
documenting the relevant Bearer SIS Notes and (ii) deliver the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes documenting

--- Page 59 ---
- 58 - 
such Bearer SIS Notes to the relevant Noteholders against cancellation of such Notes in the Noteholders' 
securities accounts. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note documenting 
Bearer SIS Notes will be made through the SIS Note Intermediary without any requirement for certification. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes which are sold outside the United States (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) to non-US persons only 
in reliance on Regulation S, will initially be represented by interests in one or more permanent global 
unrestricted registered Notes (each an "Unrestricted Global Note"), without Coupons or Talons, which 
will be deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other relevant clearing system or deposited with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). 
Interests in each such Unrestricted Global Note may be held only through Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg, Clearstream Frankfurt and/or any other such relevant clearing system and/or DTC, as 
applicable. 
Each Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note will either be:  (a) in the case of a Note in registered 
form which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note in registered 
form which is intended to be held as eligible collateral for the operations of the Eurosystem and which is 
therefore to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes sold in the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) only in reliance upon Rule 144A will initially be represented by one or 
more permanent global restricted registered Notes (each, a "Restricted Global Note"), without Coupons 
or Talons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as 
nominee for DTC or, subject to compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and clearing system 
requirements, deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes sold both in the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" in reliance upon Rule 
144A and outside the United States to non-US persons in reliance on Regulation S will initially be 
represented by one or more unified global registered Notes (each, a "Unified Global Note"), without 
Coupons or Talons, which will be deposited with a depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. Interests in each such Unified Global Note may be held 
only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Global Note Certificate" shall be construed as a reference to an 
Unrestricted Global Note and/or a Restricted Global Note and/or a Unified Global Note. 
Holders of interests in a Global Note Certificate may apply for definitive Registered Notes only in the 
limited circumstances set out in the relevant global Note. 
The Registered Notes are constituted by the Deed of Covenant. 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes will be sold outside the United States only to non-US persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and will be issued as either Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
- 59 - 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) in 
accordance with article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means 
of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). Such uncertificated securities 
will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary and, once 
such uncertificated securities are entered into accounts of one or more participants of the SIS Note 
Intermediary, the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
The records of the SIS Note Intermediary will determine the number of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
held through each participant in the SIS Note Intermediary. For so long as the Uncertificated Swiss SIS 
Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, (i) the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes may only be transferred 
by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in a securities account of the transferee, and 
(ii) the holder of any such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note will be the person, other than an intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note in a securities account (Effektenkonto) 
with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) or the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding such 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note for its own account (and the expressions "Noteholder", "Holder", "holder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated SIS Note nor any third party will at any time have 
the right to effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a 
permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will be issued as uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) in 
accordance with article 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means 
of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). Such uncertificated securities 
will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of UBS Switzerland AG in its capacity as intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA (the "Non-SIS Note Intermediary") and, 
once such uncertificated securities are entered into accounts of one or more participants of the Non-SIS 
Note Intermediary, the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
The records of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary will determine the number of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes held through each participant in the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. For so long as the Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, (i) the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes may 
only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes in a securities 
account of the transferee, and (ii) the holder of any such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will be the 
person, other than an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note 
in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) or the intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle) holding such Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note for its own account (and the expressions 
"Noteholder", "Holder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
A Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes will not be registered with the SIS or any other central 
securities depository, unless and until any Noteholder elects to convert the Notes of such Series, in whole 
but not in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii). 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will at any time have the right 
to effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a 
permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) 
Each Global Note (except in the case of Bearer SIS Notes) and Global Note Certificate will contain 
provisions which modify the General Terms and Conditions as they apply to the Global Note or Global 
Note Certificate. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate which, according to the 
General Terms and Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of Note or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each

--- Page 61 ---
- 60 - 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a Classic Global Note the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect 
of a New Global Note the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be:  if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which the TARGET2 System is operating; or, if the currency of payment is not 
euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution:  While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held. 
For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing 
system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which 
the accountholder of a particular nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount 
of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person 
and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 62 ---
- 61 - 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The terms and conditions which are set out below are the General Terms and Conditions which appear in 
the Agency Agreement. The General Terms and Conditions may be completed from time to time by the 
relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of the relevant issue of the 
Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which is being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other 
than pursuant to one or more exemptions set out in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted 
to trading on a "regulated market" in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace 
any information in this Base Prospectus. In respect of any Tranche of Notes, the issue of which requires a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, 
the Drawdown Prospectus may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Text 
in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the General Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
https://www.isda.org/ ). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(https://www.isda.org/ ). 
"Accrual Yield" means the yield so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or 
Alternative SARON Reference Rate (as applicable), a spread (which may be positive or negative) 
or a formula or methodology for calculating any such spread applied to such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Alternative SARON Reference Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or (in the case of SARON Notes), the 
replacement of SARON with the Alternative SARON Reference Rate. 
"Agency Agreement" means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency agreement for 
the Programme dated 26 May 2022 (as further amended and restated from time to time); provided, 
however, that (i) with respect to any Notes for which a Supplemental Agency Agreement will be 
entered into, all references to the Agency Agreement herein shall be to the Agency Agreement as 
supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Agency Agreement (as amended and restated from 
time to time), and (ii) with respect to any Uncertificated Swiss Notes subject to the Uncertificated 
Swiss Note Agency Agreement, all references to the Agency Agreement herein shall be to the 
Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement (as amended and restated from time to time). 
"Agent" means the Agent for the Series of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided, 
however, that with respect to any Series of Swiss Notes, all references to the relevant Agent herein 
shall be to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in accordance with Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than SOFR Notes)) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such alternative 
benchmark or screen rate, such other benchmark or screen rate as the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate.

--- Page 63 ---
- 62 - 
"Alternative Relevant Time" has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes)). 
"BBSW" means, in respect of Australian dollars and any specified period, the interest rate 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) for prime bank eligible securities having a tenor closest to 
the Interest Period which is designated as the "AVG MID" on the Reuters Screen BBSW page at 
approximately 10.10 a.m. on the first day of such specified period. However, if such rate does not 
appear on the Reuters Screen BBSW page by 10.30 a.m. on that day, or if it does appear but the 
Issuer determines that there is an obvious error in that rate, "BBSW Rate" means the rate 
determined by the Issuer in good faith having regard, to the extent possible, to the comparable 
indices then available. The rate must be expressed as a percentage per annum and will be rounded 
up, if necessary, to the next higher one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001 per cent.) 
"Bearer Notes" means Notes in bearer form. 
"Bearer SIS Notes" means SIS Notes that are Bearer Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that 
will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used, or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful 
for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided, however, that, if the relevant Final Terms specify that "Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation Version" is applicable, then "Benchmark Event" will mean that the relevant 
Reference Rate or any component thereof has been discontinued. 
Notwithstanding the subparagraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event 
shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Broken Amount" means with respect to any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, falling on or prior to the Reset Date and the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, respectively), the broken amount specified as payable on such Interest 
Payment Date in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
- 63 - 
"Business Day" means a day on which (i) commercial banks are open for business in the financial 
centres referred to in the Business Days section of the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally in the financial centres referred to in the Business 
Days section of the relevant Final Terms. In relation to Notes denominated in euro, a "Business 
Day" is a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating, provided that, if the Issuer determines, 
with the agreement of the relevant Agent, that the market practice in respect of internationally 
offered euro-denominated securities is different from that specified herein, the definition of 
"Business Day" shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may 
be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendment. In relation to Notes denominated in 
Renminbi only, "Business Day" is a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settle Renminbi 
payments in Hong Kong and are not authorised or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, shall be the convention specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
(e) 
"Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention" means, for any Interest Payment 
Date, other than the stated maturity date, that falls on a day that is not a Business Day, any 
payment due on such Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day; provided that interest due with respect to such Interest Payment Date shall 
not accrue from and including such Interest Payment Date to and including the date of 
payment of such interest as so postponed; 
(f) 
"Modified Following Unadjusted Business Day Convention" means, for any Interest 
Payment Date, other than the stated maturity date, that falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day, any payment due on such Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day; provided that interest due with respect to such Interest Payment

--- Page 65 ---
- 64 - 
Date shall not accrue from and including such Interest Payment Date to and including the 
date of payment of such interest as so postponed; and provided, further, that if such day 
would fall in the next succeeding calendar month, the date of payment with respect to such 
Interest Payment Date will be advanced to the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Interest Payment Date; and 
(g) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the calculation agent specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means the calculation amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"CDOR" means, in respect of any Canadian dollar denominated issuance and any specified period, 
the interest rate benchmark known as the Canadian Dealer Offered Rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the Investment Dealers Association (or any other Person which 
takes over the administration of that rate). 
"Condition" means one of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
"Coupon" means a coupon entitling the holder to receive a payment of interest in relation to an 
interest bearing Bearer Note in definitive form. Interest bearing Bearer Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with Coupons attached. Any reference herein to a Coupon shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to a Talon. 
"Couponholder" means the bearer of a Coupon. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these General Terms 
and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement

--- Page 66 ---
- 65 - 
Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated 
on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365. 
"Drawdown Prospectus" means the drawdown prospectus prepared in connection with an issue 
of the Notes. 
"Dual Currency Notes" shall mean the Notes which are identified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Notes to which the dual currency provisions are applicable. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed 
pursuant to subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase). 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified maturity, the interest rate benchmark known as 
the Eurozone Interbank Offered Rate that is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any Person which takes over administration of that rate). 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms prepared in connection with an issue of the Notes. 
"FISA" means the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 2008, as may be 
amended from time to time. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes" means Notes with respect to which the interest basis specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is "Fixed Rate/Floating Rate". 
"Fixed Rate of Interest" means in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the fixed rate of 
interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Period" means, in respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date. 
"Floating Rate Commencement Date" means, in respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Notes" means Notes on which interest is calculated at a floating rate so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate of Interest" means in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the floating rate 
of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Period" means, in respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the period from and 
including the Floating Rate Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date. 
"HIBOR" means, in respect of any Hong Kong dollar denominated issuance and any specified 
period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Hong Kong Inter Bank Offered Rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Hong Kong Association of Banks (or any other 
Person which takes over the administration of that rate). 
"Higher Redemption Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
- 66 - 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case, 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)). 
"Interest Basis" means the interest basis so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); or 
(c) 
in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, (i) on or prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, the interest payment date(s) specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) after the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date, if a Specified Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
date that falls the number of months or other period equal to the Specified Period after the 
last preceding Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date 
after the Floating Rate Commencement Date, after the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date). 
"Interest Period" means (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, each period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on but excluding the next Interest Payment Date or (ii) in the 
case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, each period in the Floating Rate Period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date) and ending on but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; provided, 
however, that, if such Notes are SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes or SARON Notes, in the case of any 
Interest Period during which any such Notes become due and payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date, in respect of such Notes that become due and payable only, such Interest 
Period will end on (but exclude) such date on which such Notes have become due and payable. 
"Intermediated Securities" means intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of 
the FISA. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor). 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Date" means the date so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the issue price so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issuer" means UBS AG (acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich ("UBS Head Office") 
or its London branch ("UBS AG London Branch"), Jersey branch ("UBS AG Jersey Branch"), 
Australian branch ("UBS AG Australia Branch"), Hong Kong branch ("UBS AG Hong Kong

--- Page 68 ---
- 67 - 
Branch") or any of its other branches outside of Switzerland as it may from time to time determine 
(UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch, UBS AG Australia Branch, UBS AG Hong 
Kong Branch or such other branch outside of Switzerland, a "Branch") as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
"London Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of a Note and any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, the greater of (i) the outstanding nominal amount of such Note and (ii) the 
present value, as determined by the Issuer, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Note (not including any accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding such Make-
Whole Redemption Date) discounted to such Make-Whole Redemption Date at the Reinvestment 
Rate (as determined by the Issuer on the Reinvestment Rate Determination Date) on the basis of 
the same frequency and by reference to the same day count fraction as is applicable to such 
payments on the Reference Bond. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Date" means the make-whole event redemption date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Margin" means the margin so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means the date so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Floating Rate of Interest" means the rate so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the rate so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Floating Rate of Interest" means the rate so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the rate so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of any Norwegian Krone denominated issuance and any specified 
period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Norwegian Inter Bank Offered Rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of Finance Norway (or any other Person which takes over 
the administration of that rate). 
"Non-SIS Note Intermediary" means, with respect to any Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes, UBS Switzerland AG in its capacity as intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) for purposes 
of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA. 
"Noteholder", "Holder", "holder" or "holder of Notes" means (i) in relation to a Bearer Note, the 
bearer of the Bearer Note, provided that in relation to a Bearer SIS Note (a) if such Note 
constitutes an Intermediated Security, (x) the Person, other than an intermediary 
(Verwahrungsstelle), holding such Note in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with an 
intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), or (y) the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding such Note 
for its own account, or (b) if Definitive Bearer SIS Notes have been printed, the bearer of the 
Definitive Bearer SIS Note, (ii) in relation to a Registered Note, the Person in whose name the 
Registered Note is registered, and (iii) in relation to an Uncertificated Swiss Note that constitutes 
an Intermediated Security, (a) the Person, other than an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), holding 
such Note in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle), or (b) 
the intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) holding such Note for its own account. 
"Notes" means the notes or debt securities of the Tranche or Series specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any reference to Notes includes a reference to (i) Bearer Notes or Registered Notes or 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, whichever is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (ii) Unified Global Notes and (iii) notes of such Tranche or Series in 
global form and notes in definitive form.

--- Page 69 ---
- 68 - 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the date so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Par Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Partly Paid Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Paying Agent" means the paying agents named in the Agency Agreement and includes the 
relevant Agent and any other paying agent appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, bank, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-
stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organisation or government or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which the banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment. 
"Pricing Supplement" means the pricing supplement prepared in connection with an issue of the 
Notes which will not require a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney or Melbourne and in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong or the principal financial centre as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Principal Swiss Paying Agent" means (i) in the case of each Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes that result 
from the conversion of such Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes in accordance with 
Condition 2(e)(ii)), UBS Switzerland AG, (ii) in the case of each Series of Bearer SIS Notes, UBS 
AG, Basel and Zurich, and (iii) in the case of each Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, either 
UBS AG, Basel and Zurich, or UBS Switzerland AG (whichever is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), and, in each case, includes any successor thereto in such capacity. 
"Programme" means the programme for issuing notes established by the Issuer, under which the 
Notes are issued.

--- Page 70 ---
- 69 - 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"Quotation Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" has the meaning assigned to such term (i) in the case of Notes which are not 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, in subparagraph (b) (Interest – Floating Rate) of Condition 6 
(Interest) and (ii) in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, (x) during the Fixed Rate Period, 
the Fixed Rate of Interest, and (y) during the Floating Rate Period, the applicable Floating Rate of 
Interest. 
"Reference Bond" means the security or securities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if no such securities are so specified, or to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the 
Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reinvestment Rate Determination Date, the 
security or securities, as selected by the Issuer, that would be utilised, as at the Reinvestment Rate 
Determination Date and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining the 
redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and 
with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to a Reference Bond, 
(a) 
the arithmetic average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Marker 
Quotations; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer obtains fewer than five Reference Market Maker Quotations, but more than 
one, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; or 
(c) 
if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained by the Issuer, the amount 
of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained, 
in each case, as determined by the Issuer. 
"Reference Market Maker" means the five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
relevant Reference Bond selected by the Issuer or such other five Persons operating in the market 
for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Market Maker Quotations" means, with respect to a Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and ask 
prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) quoted to the Issuer at the Quotation Time. 
"Reference Rate" means BBSW, CDOR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily SONIA, 
EURIBOR, HIBOR, NIBOR, SARON Compounded, SHIBOR, SOR, STIBOR or U.S. Federal 
Funds Rate (in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 
applicable) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Registered Notes" means Notes in registered form. 
"Registrar" means the Registrar for the Series of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 71 ---
- 70 - 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period. 
"Reinvestment Margin" means the reinvestment margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reinvestment Rate" means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate 
determined by the Issuer equal to (i) the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if there is more than one Reference Bond, the arithmetic average of the 
equivalent yields to maturity of the Reference Bonds, interpolated on a straightline basis in 
accordance with customary financial practice, calculated on the Reinvestment Rate Determination 
Date using a price for each Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Reference Bond(s)) equal to its Reference Bond Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
plus (ii) the Reinvestment Margin. 
"Reinvestment Rate Determination Date" means the reinvestment rate determination date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre or centres to the relevant currency for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms), as published by ISDA 
or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms), as published by the 
ISDA and in the case of Notes which are denominated in Renminbi means Hong Kong. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any other central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (iv) ISDA or any part 
thereof, or (v) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters and Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms (or (i) such other page, section or other part as may replace that page, 
section or part on that information service or such other information service, or (ii) such page, 
section or other part of such information service that may replace that information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying such Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR, Sydney time in the 
case of BBSW, Toronto time in the case of CDOR, Hong Kong time in the case of HIBOR, Oslo 
time in the case of NIBOR, Shanghai time in the case of SHIBOR, Stockholm time in the case of 
STIBOR, Singapore time in the case of SOR, New York time in the case of the U.S. Federal Funds 
Rate) or close of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on 
such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time) in respect of 
any Zurich Banking Day in the case of SARON Compounded.

--- Page 72 ---
- 71 - 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date. 
"Renminbi Notes" means Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
"SARON Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is "SARON Compounded". 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Series" means the series specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"SHIBOR" means, in respect of a Renminbi-denominated issuance and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the National Interbank Funding (or any other Person which takes 
over the administration of that rate). 
"SIS" means SIX SIS Ltd. 
"SIS Note Intermediary" means, with respect to any Series of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, 
SIS or such other intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) in Switzerland recognised by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange for purposes of article 6(1)(c) of the FISA. 
"SIS Notes" means Notes that are deposited with, or entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of, SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary. 
"SOFR Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is "Compounded Daily SOFR. 
"SONIA Notes" means Notes with respect to which the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is "Compounded Daily SONIA". 
"SOR" means, in respect of any Singapore dollar denominated issuance and any specified period, 
the interest rate benchmark known as the Swap Offered Rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the Association of Banks in Singapore (or any other Person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated Singapore dollar denominated interbank borrowing 
rates for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks 
(details of historic SOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Specified Currency" means the currency so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Period" means the period so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any Swedish krona denominated issuance and any specified 
period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm Inter Bank Offered Rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ OMX Stockholm) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of Swedish Bankers' Association (or any other 
Person which takes over the administration of that rate). 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 73 ---
- 72 - 
"Supplemental Agency Agreement" means, with respect to any Series of Notes, the relevant 
supplemental issuing and paying agency agreement to the Agency Agreement executed by, 
amongst others, the Issuer and the agent(s) and/or registrar(s) party thereto. 
"Swiss Code of Obligations" means the Swiss Code of Obligations of 30 March 1911, as may be 
amended from time to time. 
"Swiss Notes" means the SIS Notes and the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes. 
"Talon" means a talon entitling the holder to receive further Coupons in relation to an interest 
bearing Bearer Note in definitive form. Where a Talon is required, interest bearing Bearer Notes 
in definitive form will be issued with a Talon attached. 
"Talonholder" means the bearer of a Talon. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
"Tax Redemption Amount" means the amount so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" means these General Terms and Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms, or amended, supplemented, modified or replaced from time to time 
by the information contained in the relevant Final Terms. To the extent that the information in the 
relevant Final Terms supplements, modifies or replaces these General Terms and Conditions, it 
shall do so only for the purpose of the issue of Notes to which the relevant Final Terms relates. To 
the extent that there is any inconsistency between these General Terms and Conditions and the 
terms and conditions which appear in the relevant Final Terms, the terms and conditions which 
appear in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable) shall prevail. 
"Tranche" means the tranche specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Transfer Agent" means the transfer agents named in the Agency Agreement and includes each 
Registrar and any substitute or additional agents appointed in accordance with the terms of the 
Agency Agreement. 
"Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes" means Notes issued in uncertificated form that are not SIS 
Notes. 
"Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement relating to 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes that the Issuer will enter into with the relevant agent(s) party thereto 
on or prior to the Issue Date for the first Tranche of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. 
"Uncertificated Swiss Notes" means the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes and the 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes. 
"Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes" means SIS Notes issued in uncertificated form. 
"Unified Global Notes" means Notes represented by a single unified global note. 
"U.S. Federal Funds Rate" means (i) the rate with respect to the particular Interest Determination 
Date for U.S. dollar federal funds as published in H.15(519) under the caption "Federal funds 
(effective)" and displayed on Reuters (or any successor service) on page FEDFUNDS1 under the 
caption "EFFECT" (or any other page as may replace the specified page on that service) 
("FEDFUNDS1 Page"), or (ii) if the rate referred to in paragraph (i) above does not so appear on 
the FEDFUNDS1 Page or is not so published by 5.00 P.M., New York City time, on the related 
Interest Determination Date, the rate with respect to the particular Interest Determination Date for 
U.S. dollar federal funds as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognised electronic 
source used for the purpose of displaying the applicable rate, under the caption "Federal funds 
(effective)" or (iii) if the rate referred to in paragraph (ii) above is not so published by 5.00 P.M., 
New York City time, on the related Interest Determination Date, the rate for the last preceding

--- Page 74 ---
- 73 - 
Interest Determination Date for which such rate is set forth in H.15(519) opposite the caption 
"Federal funds (effective)", as such rate is displayed on the FEDFUNDS1 Page. 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
References to the Issuer include references to its successors, including, without limitation, an entity 
which assumes the rights and obligations of the Issuer by operation of the law of jurisdiction or 
domicile of the Issuer. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing 
Supplement, each reference herein to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement. 
2. 
FORM AND DENOMINATION 
(a) 
General 
(i) 
The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. All payments in relation to the Notes will be made in the same currency 
as the Aggregate Nominal Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Notes are available in the Specified Denominations specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, each Issue of Notes may 
be (A) represented by (i) Bearer Notes or (ii) Registered Notes or (iii) Bearer 
Notes or Registered Notes or (B) issued as (i) Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes or 
(ii) Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If an issue of Notes is represented by Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, then 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, Bearer Notes may be exchanged 
for Registered Notes. However, Registered Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in relation to each issue of Notes 
for which Bearer Notes are available, the Bearer Notes may initially be 
represented by any one or more of (i) one or more Temporary Global Notes, (ii) 
one or more Permanent Global Notes, or (iii) serially numbered definitive Notes. 
(ii) 
In the case of Bearer Notes initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note, such global note will be deposited with a depositary for 
one, or a common depositary or common safekeeper for more than one, clearing 
system, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking 
S.A. 
("Clearstream 
Luxembourg") 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
AG 
("Clearstream Frankfurt") or any other clearing system. 
(iii) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, Temporary Global Notes will be 
exchanged for either (i) a Permanent Global Note which will be held by a 
depositary for one, or a common depositary or common safekeeper for more than 
one, clearing system (including Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and 
Clearstream Frankfurt), or (ii) serially numbered definitive notes, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the Temporary Global Note. 
(iv) 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note may be 
exchanged for serially numbered definitive Notes only in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the relevant Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 75 ---
- 74 - 
(v) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Bearer Notes may be represented 
on issue by one or more Permanent Global Notes. 
(vi) 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, such Notes will be (i) issued by the Issuer acting 
through a Branch and (ii) represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note 
(Globalurkunde auf Dauer), which shall be deposited with SIS or any other SIS 
Note Intermediary. Once the Permanent Global Note is deposited with the SIS 
Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of 
the SIS Note Intermediary, the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby will 
constitute Intermediated Securities. The Permanent Global Note will only be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer SIS Notes if the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that 
the printing of definitive Notes is necessary or useful, or the presentation of 
definitive Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in 
connection with the enforcement of the rights of Noteholders. Neither the Issuer 
nor any holder of Bearer SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or 
demand the conversion of the Permanent Global Note documenting such Bearer 
SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere) 
or uncertificated securities (Wertrechte). 
(c) 
Registered Notes 
In relation to each issue of Notes for which Registered Notes are available, the Registered 
Notes may initially be represented by (i) one or more global Notes, (ii) one or more 
definitive Notes, (iii) both or (iv) a single Unified Global Note. Noteholders of Registered 
Notes represented by a global Note may apply for definitive Registered Notes in 
accordance with the limited circumstances set out in the relevant global Note. 
(d) 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
(i) 
In the case of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, such Notes will be (i) issued by 
UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch as 
uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte), in accordance with article 973c of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch), and (ii) 
entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIS or any other SIS Note 
Intermediary. Once such uncertificated securities are entered into the main 
register (Hauptregister) of the SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the SIS Note Intermediary, the 
Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
(ii) 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note will at any 
time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate 
(Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
(e) 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
(i) 
In the case of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, such Notes (i) will be issued 
by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch as 
uncertificated securities (einfache Wertrechte) in accordance with article 973c of 
the Swiss Code of Obligations, which will be created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch), and (ii) 
entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. 
Once such uncertificated securities are entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts 
of one or more participants of the Non-SIS Note Intermediary, the Uncertificated 
SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities. 
(ii) 
With respect to a Series of Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, any Noteholder 
may elect to convert the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes of such Series, in

--- Page 76 ---
- 75 - 
whole but not in part, into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes by notice to the Person 
specified for such purposes in, and accordance with the requirements set out in, 
the relevant Final Terms. Upon receipt of such notice from (or on behalf of) any 
Noteholder, such Person (if not the Principal Swiss Paying Agent) shall promptly 
notify the Principal Swiss Paying Agent thereof, and the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent shall (i) promptly notify the Issuer thereof, and (ii) as soon as reasonably 
practicable and without cost to the Noteholders, cause the Notes of such Series, 
in whole but not in part, to be removed from the main register (Hauptregister) of 
the Non-SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of SIS or any other SIS Note Intermediary and into the accounts of one or more 
participants of the SIS Note Intermediary. Once the Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes of a Series have been so entered into the main register (Hauptregister) 
of the SIS Note Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more 
participants in the SIS Note Intermediary, (i) such Notes will be considered 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the provisions in relation thereto will apply accordingly, and (ii) the 
Issuer shall promptly give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Neither the Issuer nor any holder of an Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note will 
at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of such 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note into, or the delivery of, a permanent global 
certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
3. 
TITLE 
(a) 
Subject to the following sentence, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
Transfers of Bearer SIS Notes that constitute Intermediated Securities may only be 
effected by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
(b) 
Title to Registered Notes will pass by registration in the register which is maintained by 
the relevant Registrar. 
(c) 
For so long as the Uncertificated Swiss Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, transfers 
of Uncertificated Swiss Notes may only be effected by the entry of the transferred 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
(d) 
In relation to any Note or Coupon (except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or required by law), the relevant Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder shall be 
deemed to be, and the Issuer, Registrars and Paying Agents shall be entitled to treat the 
relevant Noteholder, Couponholder and Talonholder as, the absolute owner of the relevant 
Note or Coupon for all purposes whether or not the relevant Note, Coupon or Talon is 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss of, or any writing on, 
the relevant Note or Coupon. In addition, in relation to any Note or Coupon, no one shall 
be required to obtain any proof of (i) ownership of the relevant Note or Coupon (ii) the 
identity of the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder. No Person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
4. 
TRANSFER OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, or 
is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee 
and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in 
respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor.

--- Page 77 ---
- 76 - 
(b) 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes will, upon 
the effective receipt of such form of transfer by the relevant Registrar at its specified office, 
be available for delivery at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the relevant Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent during the period of fifteen London Banking Days or, as the case may be, 
Relevant Banking Days ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered 
Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the relevant Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent until the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the place where the specified office of the relevant Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent is located. 
(c) 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent, but upon payment by 
the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the relevant Registrar 
or Transfer Agent may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation thereto. 
(d) 
For so long as any of the Registered Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted 
securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), the Issuer has agreed that it will, during any 
period in which it is neither subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) 
under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange 
Act") nor exempt from reporting under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, furnish, upon request, to any Person in whose name such restricted securities 
are registered, to any owner of a beneficial interest in such restricted securities, and to any 
prospective purchaser of such restricted securities or beneficial interest therein designated 
by any such Person or beneficial owner, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
(e) 
Registered Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the subject of an 
application by the Issuer to DTC for the acceptance of such Registered Notes into DTC's 
book-entry settlement system. If such application is accepted, one or more registered 
Notes (each a "DTC Note") in denominations equivalent in aggregate to the aggregate 
nominal amount of relevant Registered Notes which are to be held in such system will be 
issued to DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other Person as may be 
nominated by DTC for the purpose, as nominee for DTC, provided that no DTC Note 
may have a denomination of more than US$500,000,000 and that, subject to such 
restriction, DTC Notes will always be issued in the largest possible denomination. 
Thereafter, such registered nominee will be the holder of record and entitled to rights in 
respect of each DTC Note. 
Accordingly, each Person having a beneficial interest in a DTC Note must rely on the 
procedures of the institutions having accounts with DTC to exercise any rights of such 
Person. So long as Registered Notes are traded through DTC's book-entry settlement 
system, ownership of a beneficial interest in the relevant DTC Note will (unless otherwise 
required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be shown on, and transfers of such 
beneficial interest may be effected only through, records maintained by (i) DTC or its 
registered nominee (as to participant-interests) or (ii) institutions having accounts with 
DTC. 
(f) 
In the case of transfers to a Person who takes delivery in the form of Notes represented by 
a Unified Global Note, from a holder of Notes represented by that Unified Global Note 
within the period when the Notes represented by a Unified Global Note are not "freely 
tradable" as defined below, upon (x) with respect only to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"), delivery of a duly executed investor 
representation letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form of Schedule 3 
(Form of Transfer Certificate) to the Agency Agreement and (y) certification (in the form 
available from any Paying Agent) to the Registrar by the transferor thereof that such 
transfer is being made either (x) to a Person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a

--- Page 78 ---
- 77 - 
"qualified institutional buyer" who is acquiring such Notes in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A or (y) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction pursuant 
to Regulation S. 
For purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, a "freely tradable" share or debt 
security shall mean a share or a debt security which is registered under the Securities Act 
or not restricted under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of 
such share or debt security and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such share 
or debt security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or 
debt security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. In relation to a Note, "freely 
tradable" will be construed in accordance with Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
In the case of Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as senior Notes ("Senior Notes") in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Notes and the relevant Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain debts required to be preferred by law) equally with all other outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer acting through its UBS AG London 
Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch or UBS Head Office: 
If the Notes are specified as subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Notes"), the 
Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer acting through 
its UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Jersey Branch or UBS Head Office, as the 
case may be and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated debt obligations and rank pari passu 
with all other subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer other than subordinated 
debt obligations which rank below the Notes. Accordingly, payments of principal 
and interest are conditional upon the Issuer being solvent at the time of payment 
by the Issuer and no principal or interest shall be payable in respect of the Notes 
except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment and still be solvent 
immediately thereafter. For the purpose of this Condition 5(b), the Issuer shall be 
solvent if (i) it is able to pay its debts as they fall due and (ii) its Assets exceed its 
Liabilities (in each case as defined below) (other than its Liabilities which are not 
Senior Claims). 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, "Senior Claims" means 
the aggregate amount of all claims in respect of the deposit liabilities of the Issuer 
and all other liabilities of the Issuer (including all deposit liabilities and other 
liabilities of UBS Head Office, the Branches and all other branches and offices of 
the Issuer wherever located), except those liabilities which by their terms rank 
pari passu with or are subordinated to the Notes; "Assets" means the non-
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and "Liabilities" means the 
nonconsolidated total liabilities of the Issuer, all as shown by the latest published 
audited balance sheet of the Issuer but adjusted for contingencies and for 
subsequent events. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-
off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer, 
arising under or in connection with the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue 
of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention.

--- Page 79 ---
- 78 - 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a Branch (other than any 
Branch referred to in paragraph (i) of this Condition 5(b)): 
Where Subordinated Notes are to be issued by the Issuer acting through a Branch 
(other than UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch), the provisions 
dealing with subordination will be included in the relevant Final Terms. 
6. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest - Fixed Rate 
If the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms is "Fixed", then the Notes shall 
bear interest from and including the Issue Date or, if different, the Interest Commencement 
Date specified in such Final Terms at the Rate of Interest specified in such Final Terms. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and on the Maturity Date specified in such Final Terms. Interest will be 
calculated on the Day Count Fraction specified in such Final Terms. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes per Calculation Amount on each 
Interest Payment Date will be the Fixed Coupon Amount, unless the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the Broken Amount is applicable to any such Interest Payment Date, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount on such Interest Payment Date 
will be the Broken Amount. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such 
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Interest - Floating Rate 
(i) 
If the Interest Basis specified in the Final Terms is "Floating" then the Notes shall 
bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the rate of interest which will apply to the 
Notes for each Interest Period (the "Rate of Interest") in accordance with the 
following terms, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Floating Rate Notes (ISDA Determination and Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the relevant Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
relevant Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
- 79 - 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" 
and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is not Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded 
Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent or such other Person specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)), if 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant 
Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the Reference Banks to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency, in an 
amount approximately equal to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
of the relevant Tranche, for the relevant Interest Period at the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes)), if 
on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as

--- Page 81 ---
- 80 - 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, which, at the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre or, as the case may be, the quotation of such 
bank or banks to the Calculation Agent plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period if applicable, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or in the case of the first Interest Period for Notes that are Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)Error! Reference source not 
found.(B): 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of (1) above, those banks whose 
offered rates were used to determine such quotation when quotation last 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of (2) above, those 
banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen 
Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
(iv) 
SOFR Notes 
(A) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(iv): 
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the 
same length (disregarding any applicable Business Day Convention) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero, that would be applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate 
in the case of derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions

--- Page 82 ---
- 81 - 
which will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable 
tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions which will be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which is currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the period specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the daily secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or such other 
then-current SOFR Benchmark, then SOFR Benchmark means the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented below that can be determined by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of:  (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of:  (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of:  (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided that, (i) if the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determine that there is an industry-accepted replacement 
rate of interest for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S.

--- Page 83 ---
- 82 - 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall 
select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall 
select such rate of interest that it has determined is most 
comparable to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, and (b) the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to 
any SOFR Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero, that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero, that has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, to be applied to the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of determining the 
SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
applied to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means any affiliate of the 
Issuer or such other person that has been appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense as SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, so long as such 
affiliate or other person is a leading bank or other financial institution 
that is experienced in the calculations and determinations that may be 
made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this 
Condition 6(b)(iv); 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of the term 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of the term "SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 84 ---
- 83 - 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified Time for such 
determination; 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such value appears on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling p U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day appearing on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless

--- Page 85 ---
- 84 - 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the New York Federal 
Reserve's Website; or 
(3) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (1) above and the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the 
Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not 
SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the Relevant Date), 
then (subject to the subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) 
from (and including) the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the 
"Affected Day"), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained 
from, the Relevant Source at the Specified Time on the Relevant 
Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, U.S. Bank Trust National Association, unless 
it has agreed in writing to be the Calculation Agent or SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent for any SOFR Notes, will not be responsible for (i) 
determining the SOFR, the SOFR Reference Rate, any rate related to 
SOFR or any other rate or any successor or replacement rate or any 
changes related to SOFR in connection with any of the foregoing, (ii) 
monitoring, determining or verifying the unavailability or cessation of 
SOFR or the SOFR Reference Rate, and shall not have any liability for 
the failure of any party to set such rate; 
"Specified Time" means 3: 00 p.m. New York City time or such other 
time as is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association or any successor organisation 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
(B) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR and either (i) Index 
Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) this paragraph (B) applies pursuant to the proviso to the

--- Page 86 ---
- 85 - 
definition of the term "Compounded Daily SOFR" in Condition 
6(b)(iv)(E), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Interest ‒ Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) and 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR as defined in 
this paragraph (B) for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
൥ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ିଵ
−1൩ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, the number of days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day i in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i; 
(C) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used 
pursuant to paragraph (2) of the definition of the term "SOFR Reference 
Rate", then the Issuer or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
will determine the SOFR Benchmark Replacement with respect to then-
current SOFR Benchmark in accordance with the definition thereof and 
in connection with determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement: 
(1) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, shall also determine the method for obtaining or 
otherwise determining the rate described in subparagraph (a) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of the term "SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement", as applicable (including (i) the page, 
section or other part of a particular information service on or 
source from which such rate appears or is obtained (the 
"Relevant Source"), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, 
or is obtained from, the Relevant Source (the "Alternative 
Specified Time"), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear 
on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "Relevant 
Date"), and (iv) any alternative method for determining such 
rate if it is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the

--- Page 87 ---
- 86 - 
applicable Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(2) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the 
Specified Time in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(3) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, determines that (i) changes to the definitions of 
Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Period, Observation Look-Back Period, SOFR Observation 
Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or (ii) any other technical changes to any other 
provision of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including any alternative method described in 
subparagraph (iv) of paragraph (1) above) as the SOFR 
Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, decide that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determine that no market practice for use of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary), such definitions or 
other provisions will be amended to reflect such changes as 
contemplated in paragraph (b) of Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; 
Substitution); and 
(4) 
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as 
soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent, and the relevant 
Agent (and in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant 
Registrar) and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
well as the details described above and the amendments 
implemented pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and 
Conditions; Substitution) as contemplated in paragraph (3) 
above. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6(b)(iv), if the 
Issuer has appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or, following the 
occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, has not selected the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, then, in such case, the Issuer shall make such 
determination or select the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case 
may be. 
The Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent at any time. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders 
of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this 
Condition 6(b)(iv) (including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event

--- Page 88 ---
- 87 - 
(including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and will, in the absence of manifest 
error, be final and binding on all parties. Neither the Calculation Agent 
nor the Paying Agents will be required to exercise discretion with respect 
to, or be responsible for, determining any substitute for any SOFR 
Benchmark. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
(E) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) and subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR as defined in this 
paragraph (E) for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
൬𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ா௡ௗ
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ௧௔௥௧
−1൰ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index for the day which is p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index for the day which is p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
"d" means the number of days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, 
provided, however, that, if the SOFR Index required to determine 
SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website at the Specified Time on the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, then "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
for such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will have the 
meaning given to such term, and will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(iv)(B). 
(v) 
SONIA Notes 
SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA and either (i) Index 
Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final

--- Page 89 ---
- 88 - 
Terms or (ii) this paragraph (A) applies pursuant to the proviso to the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA" 
in 
Condition 6(b)(v)(C), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest) and subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
as defined in this paragraph (A) for such Interest Period plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑
 
where: 
"d" means the number of days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" means for any London Banking Day i in the relevant Interest Period 
or SONIA Observation Period (as applicable), the number of days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day i to (but excluding) the first 
following London Banking Day; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period or SONIA Observation Period (as 
applicable), the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag

--- Page 90 ---
- 89 - 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"SONIA" means the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate; 
"SONIA Authorised Distributors" has the meaning assigned to such 
term in the definition of the term "SONIA Reference Rate"; 
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of such Interest 
Period; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day and subject to Condition 6(b)(v)(B), SONIA for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator of SONIA) to authorised distributors (the "SONIA 
Authorised Distributors") and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the SONIA Authorised Distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day i; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms; the relevant London 
Banking Day i. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or SONIA Observation Period (as applicable), the applicable SONIA 
Reference Rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the SONIA Authorised Distributors, 
then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day 
shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) 
on such London Banking Day, and (ii) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the SONIA Authorised Distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the SONIA Authorised Distributors).

--- Page 91 ---
- 90 - 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(1) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and 
applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first 
scheduled Interest Period). 
SONIA – Index Determination 
(C) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 6(j) (Interest – Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) and 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA as defined in 
this paragraph (C) for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
ቆ
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥௬
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥௫
−1ቇ𝑥 365
𝑑 
where: 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day (as defined in Condition 6(b)(v)(A)), the Compounded 
Daily SONIA rate, published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) on such 
London Banking Day, by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database (or any successor source on which the Compounded Daily 
SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England (or such successor 
administrator)); 
"SONIA CompoundedIndexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
in respect of the day that is p (as defined in Condition 6(b)(v)(A)) London 
Banking Days preceding the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SONIA CompoundedIndexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
in respect of the day that is p London Banking Days preceding the last

--- Page 92 ---
- 91 - 
day of the relevant Interest Period (but which last day is by definition 
excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"d" means the number of days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period 
(as defined in Condition 6(b)(v)(A)), 
provided, however, that, if the SONIA Compounded Index required to 
determine SONIA CompoundedIndex୶ or SONIA CompoundedIndex୷ 
does not appear at 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant London 
Banking Day on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database 
or (any successor source on which the Compounded Daily SONIA rate 
is published by the Bank of England (or such successor administrator)), 
then "Compounded Daily SONIA" for such Interest Period and each 
Interest Period thereafter will have the meaning given to such term in, 
and will be determined in accordance with, paragraph (A) of this 
Condition 6(b)(v) (for these purposes, as if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms) and Condition 
6(b)(v)(B) (or, failing which, Condition 6(b)(v)(C)). 
(vi) 
SARON Notes 
(A) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(vi): 
"Affected SARON Observation Period" has the meaning assigned to 
such term in Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes)). 
"Affected Zurich Banking Day" has the meaning assigned to such term 
in the definition of the term "SARON". 
"Alternative SARON Reference Rate" has the meaning assigned to 
such term in Condition 6(f) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than 
SOFR Notes)). 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
(1) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day; or 
(2) 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator 
Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and 
a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have not both occurred at or prior to the Relevant 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich 
Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website; or 
(3) 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator 
Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and 
a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have both occurred at or prior to the Relevant 
Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index

--- Page 93 ---
- 92 - 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; 
or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SNB Policy Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich 
Banking Day with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant 
to subparagraph (3)(ii) above has not been published on such Zurich 
Banking Day and the relevant Final Terms specify Condition 6(f) as 
being applicable,, then, in respect of such Zurich Banking Day (the 
"Affected Zurich Banking Day") and each Zurich Banking Day 
thereafter, 
"SARON" 
will 
mean 
the 
SARON 
Recommended 
Replacement Rate, if any, determined in accordance with Condition 6(f). 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Index Ltd (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight. 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SIX 
Group, or any successor website or other source on which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is published by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator. 
"SARON Compounded" has the meaning assigned to such term in 
subparagraph (b)(vi)(C) of this Condition 6 (Interest). 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in paragraph (1) of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in subparagraph (2)(i) of the definition thereof, the 
latest of: 
(i) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(ii) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or 
publication as the date on which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; and 
(iii) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraph (2)(ii) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (2), the date 
as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used; and 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in subparagraph (2)(ii) of the definition thereof, the 
date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used.

--- Page 94 ---
- 93 - 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (i) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will 
as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (ii) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain 
date, which statement, in the case of subparagraph (ii), is 
applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives. 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (but which by definition is 
excluded from such Interest Period) and ending on (but excluding) the 
date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the day on which such 
Interest Period ends. 
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to 
any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may 
be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating 
such a spread, 
(1) 
that the SARON Recommending Replacement Rate Body has 
recommended be applied to such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; or 
(2) 
if the SARON Recommending Replacement Rate Body has not 
recommended such a spread, formula or methodology as 
described in paragraph (1) above, to be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to Holders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon. 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has 
been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight by any working group or committee in Switzerland organised

--- Page 95 ---
- 94 - 
in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among 
other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in 
Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the "SARON 
Recommending Replacement Rate Body"). 
"SARON Recommending Replacement Rate Body" has the meaning 
assigned to such term in the definition of the term "SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate". 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, 
the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Holders as a result 
of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical 
median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON 
Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred). 
"SNB Policy Rate" means, with respect to any Zurich Banking Day, the 
policy rate of the Swiss National Bank for such Zurich Banking Day. 
(B) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject to subparagraph (j) (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) of this Condition 6, and subject as provided 
below, be SARON Compounded as defined in subparagraph (b)(vi)(C) 
for such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
"SARON Compounded" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
rate calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁௜𝑥 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ್
௜ୀଵ
−1቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑௖
 
where: 
"db" means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period; 
"dc" means the number of days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
"i" indexes a series of whole numbers from one to db, representing the 
Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in 
such SARON Observation Period;

--- Page 96 ---
- 95 - 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of days 
from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day i to (but excluding) the 
first following Zurich Banking Day; and 
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON for 
such Zurich Banking Day i. 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent (1) is required to use a SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to subparagraph (3)(i) 
or (3)(ii) of the definition of the term "SARON" for purposes of 
determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day, and (2) determines 
that any changes to the definitions of Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period, Relevant Time, SARON Observation Period, SARON, 
SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator Website or Zurich 
Banking Day are necessary in order to use such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate (and any SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread) 
or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case 
may be, for such purposes, such definitions shall be amended pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and modification of Terms and 
Conditions; Substitution) to reflect such changes, and the Issuer shall 
promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) specifying the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate and 
any SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB Adjustment 
Spread, as applicable, and the amendments implemented pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and modification of Terms and 
Conditions; Substitution). 
(c) 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
If the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms is "Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate", the Notes will bear interest on their nominal amount at the applicable Rate 
of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
(x) if the Notes are early redeemed pursuant to subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) 
of Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the applicable Early Redemption 
Date, or (y) otherwise, the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if (upon due 
presentation thereof where presentation is required) payment with respect to any 
Note is improperly withheld or refused on such Early Redemption Date or the 
Maturity Date, as the case may be, interest will continue to accrue on the nominal 
amount of such Note (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of 
Interest to but excluding the Relevant Date. Interest on the Notes will be payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Calculation of amount of interest per Calculation Amount 
(A) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes for any period 
ending on or prior to, or payable on any date falling on or prior to, the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date:  
(1) 
in the case of each Interest Payment Date, will be the Fixed 
Coupon Amount, unless the relevant Final Terms specify that 
the Broken Amount is applicable to any such Interest Payment 
Date, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount on such Interest Payment Date will be the 
Broken Amount; or 
(2) 
where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or in the case of any date 
that is not an Interest Payment Date, shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction,

--- Page 97 ---
- 96 - 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, one half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
(B) 
If interest is required to be paid in respect of a Note on any date falling 
after the Floating Rate Commencement Date, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount on such date will be calculated by: 
(1) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount; 
(2) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(3) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, one half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(iii) 
Calculation of amount of interest per Note 
The amount of interest payable in respect of a Note will be the product of: 
(A) 
the amount of interest per Calculation Amount; and 
(B) 
the number by which the Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied 
to equal the nominal amount of such Note. 
(d) 
Interest - Index-linked 
If the Index-linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, the Rate(s) of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
(e) 
Interest - Floating Rate Notes and Index-linked Notes - General Provisions 
(i) 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and 
SARON Notes) and Index-linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of 
the nominal amount of the smallest or minimum denomination or integral 
multiple, as the case may be, of such Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the currency in which such Notes are denominated or, 
as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. 
(ii) 
In respect of SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation 
to each Interest Period calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of the 
nominal amount of the smallest or minimum denomination or integral multiple, 
as the case may be, of such Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
the product by Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest

--- Page 98 ---
- 97 - 
sub-unit of the currency in which such Notes are denominated or, as the case may 
be, in which such interest is payable (one half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 6(f) is applicable, then 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(b)Error! Reference source not 
found.(B) above, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines 
prior to any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event has occurred or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) if the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the 
definition of the term "SARON" have been satisfied, then the following provisions 
shall apply (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f)): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser 
to determine in the Independent Adviser's reasonable discretion, (1) a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate to the relevant 
Reference Rate no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (such 
Business Day, the "Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date", and 
such next succeeding Interest Period, the "Affected Interest Period") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest 
Period and all Interest Periods thereafter or (2) (in the case of SARON Notes) 
in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, an alternative rate to SARON 
(the "Alternative SARON Reference Rate"), being such rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner), as applicable, 
determines in its reasonable discretion has replaced SARON in customary 
market usage, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, 
determines in its reasonable discretion that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines in its reasonable discretion is most comparable to 
SARON, on or prior to the Affected Zurich Banking Day (such Zurich 
Banking Day, the "Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date"), for 
purposes of determining SARON applicable to the Affected Zurich Banking 
Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation 
Period in which the Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the "Affected 
SARON Observation Period") and all SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter; 
(ii) 
if on or prior to the Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine (1) a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, then 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner) may determine in its discretion, in 
accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer 
determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest 
Period and all Interest Periods thereafter or (2) (in the case of SARON Notes) 
an Alternative SARON Reference Rate in accordance with subparagraph (iv) 
below, then the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may determine in its 
discretion, in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below, the Alternative 
SARON Reference Rate for purposes of determining SARON applicable to 
the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days

--- Page 99 ---
- 98 - 
in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter; 
(iii) 
if subparagraph (ii) above applies and (1) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the Affected Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period shall be 
the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
Affected Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period (pursuant to the terms contained in the relevant Final Terms (as 
applicable)), the Margin relating to the Affected Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or in the case of the 
first Interest Period for Notes that are Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the 
Floating Rate of Interest will be equal to the Fixed Rate of Interest; provided, 
however, that, if this subparagraph (iii) applies to the Affected Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for all succeeding Interest Periods shall be the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period as determined in 
accordance with this paragraph (iii) unless (A) the Issuer, in its sole discretion, 
elects to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in 
respect of any such succeeding Interest Period and all Interest Periods 
thereafter in accordance with the relevant processes set out in this Condition 
6(f), and (B) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is so 
determined, or (2) (in the case of SARON Notes) the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine the Alternative SARON Reference Rate on or prior to 
the Independent Adviser Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with 
subparagraph (iv) below, (x) SARON applicable to the Affected Zurich 
Banking Day shall be SARON determined as at the last Zurich Banking Day 
preceding the Affected Zurich Banking Day, and (y) SARON for all 
succeeding Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period 
and for all Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter shall be SARON applicable to the Affected Zurich Banking Day as 
determined in accordance with this subparagraph (iii) unless (A) the Issuer, 
in its sole discretion, elects to determine an Alternative SARON Reference 
Rate in respect of any such succeeding Zurich Banking Day and all Zurich 
Banking Days thereafter in accordance with the processes set out in this 
Condition 6(f), and (B) an Alternative SARON Reference Rate is so 
determined; and 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines (1) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate pursuant to subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above, respectively or (2) (or, in the 
case of SARON Notes) an Alternative SARON Reference Rate pursuant to 
subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above, respectively, 
(A) 
the Independent Adviser (in the case of (B) below, in consultation 
with the Issuer) or, following consultation with the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer (as the case may be) shall also determine in its reasonable 
discretion (I) the method for obtaining or otherwise determining the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate, 
including the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service on or source from which the Alternative Reference Rate or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate 
appears or is obtained (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page"), 
and the time at which the Alternative Reference Rate appears on, or is 
obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Screen Page (the 
"Alternative Relevant Time"), (II) whether to apply an Adjustment 
Spread to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON

--- Page 100 ---
- 99 - 
Reference Rate and, if so, the Adjustment Spread, which Adjustment 
Spread shall be recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the relevant Reference Rate or (in the case of SARON Notes) 
SARON, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON 
Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate, and (III) any 
alternative method for obtaining the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) if such rate is unavailable on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or (in the case of SARON Notes) 
the Alternative SARON Reference Rate, which alternative method 
shall be consistent with any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative 
SARON Reference Rate that has broad market support; 
(B) 
for the Affected Interest Period and all Interest Periods thereafter or 
(in the case of SARON Notes) the Affected Zurich Banking Day and 
all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON 
Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter, 
references to the Reference Rate or (in the case of SARON Notes) 
SARON in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to 
be references to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or (in the case of SARON Notes) SARON (giving effect 
to any Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to paragraph (A)(II) 
above and including any alternative method for determining the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in 
the case of SARON Notes) SARON as described in paragraph (A)(III) 
above); 
(C) 
references to the Relevant Screen Page, if applicable, and to the 
Relevant Time in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be 
deemed to be references to the Alternative Relevant Screen Page and 
the Alternative Relevant Time, respectively; 
(D) 
if any changes to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date, (in the case 
of SARON Notes) SARON, SARON Observation Period or Zurich 
Banking Day and/or changes to any of Conditions 6(b)(iii)(B), 
6(b)(iv), 6(b)(v), 6(f) and/or 6(j) are necessary in order to implement 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or 
(in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference 
Rate, (including any Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to 
paragraph (A)(II) above and any alternative method for determining 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or 
(in the case of SARON Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference 
Rate as described in paragraph (A)(III) above), such definitions and 
Conditions 6(b)(iii)(B), 6(b)(iv), 6(b)(v), 6(f) and/or 6(j) shall be 
amended pursuant to paragraph (b) of Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) 
to reflect such changes; and 
(E) 
the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) specifying the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON 
Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate (including any 
Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to paragraph (A)(II) above 
and any alternative method for obtaining the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or (in the case of SARON 
Notes) the Alternative SARON Reference Rate as described in 
paragraph (A)(III) above), the Alternative Relevant Screen Page, the 
Alternative Relevant Time, and any amendments implemented

--- Page 101 ---
- 100 - 
pursuant to paragraph ( b) of Condition 1 4  (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) 
as described in paragraph (D) above. 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, subject to compliance with all relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by 
reference to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of partly paid Notes (other than partly paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and 
otherwise as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Notification of Rates of Interest etc. by Calculation Agent; calculation of Interest 
Amounts and Rates of Interest pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Amount and such other information as may be determined by it, to be 
notified to the Paying Agents and, in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant 
Registrar and the Transfer Agents (from whose respective specified offices such 
information will be available) as soon as practicable after such determination but 
in any event not later than the fourth London Banking Day after the Interest 
Determination Date or, in the case of SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON 
Notes, not later than the last day of the relevant Interest Period and, in the case of 
Notes admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, the Euro 
MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market") or the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin, cause each such Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and such 
other information as the case may be, to be notified to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or Euronext Dublin no later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period or, in the case of SOFR Notes, SONIA Notes and SARON Notes, on the 
last day of the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
amend any Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date or other 
information (or to make appropriate alternative arrangements by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of the extension or abbreviation of the 
relevant Interest Period or calculation period. Notice of any amendment will be 
given in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
If the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) of 
Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and, in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes, the Early Redemption Date falls in the Floating Rate Period, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate any interest amount payable on the Early 
Redemption Date and cause such interest amount to be notified to the Issuer, to 
the Paying Agents and, in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Registrar and 
the Transfer Agents and to any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are at the relevant time listed and to be published in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) no later than two Business Days prior to the Early 
Redemption Date. If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the final Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon 
as provided in Condition 6(b).

--- Page 102 ---
- 101 - 
(iii) 
All determinations made by the Calculation Agent (or, if applicable, any 
Independent Adviser) for the purposes of this Condition shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
(j) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest, Maximum Floating Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Floating Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest and Minimum Floating Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms (and rounded to the nearest sub-
unit, one half of any such sub-unit to be rounded upwards unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms) on the Maturity Date or Dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
provided that, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption date may not fall earlier 
than five years and one day after the Issue Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer may at any time redeem all of the Notes (but may not partially redeem the 
Notes) at their nominal amount or the Tax Redemption Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (together in each case with accrued interest in the case of interest bearing 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 45 days' (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders and the relevant Agent 
(and in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Registrar) of its intention to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition, if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation) 
below) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Fair Market Value) 
If this Condition 7(c) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Issuer may at any time redeem all of the Notes (but may not partially redeem the Notes) 
at the Fair Market Value Amount (together in each case with accrued interest in the case 
of interest bearing Notes), on giving not less than 15 and not more than 35 days' (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders 
and the relevant Agent (and in the case of Registered Notes, the relevant Registrar) of its 
intention to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition, if, due to the adoption of 
or any change in any applicable law or regulations or due to the promulgation of or any 
change in interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulations, it has become illegal or impossible to 
hold, acquire, or dispose of the Notes by the Issuer or its affiliates or the Issuer or its

--- Page 103 ---
- 102 - 
affiliates will incur materially increased costs in performing its obligations under such 
Notes.  No further amounts will be due to Noteholders after such payment.  
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the redemption 
of the Fair Market Value Amount in the Specified Currency is impossible, impracticable 
or illegal, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at the Fair Market Value Amount in another 
currency converted at the spot rate between the Specified Currency and such other 
currency determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
The "Fair Market Value Amount" will be, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, the fair market value of such Notes, less a pro rata share 
of the costs of unwinding any related underlying hedging arrangements, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on a day selected by the Calculation Agent which such day must be 
at least one Business Day prior to the due date for early redemption. For the purposes of 
determining the fair market value of the Notes in the case of an Event of Default, the Issuer 
will be deemed to be able to meet its obligations in full as these fall due. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If this Condition 7(d) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in subparagraph 
(i) above, notice to the Agent and the relevant Registrar, (which notices shall be 
irrevocable), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date; provided that, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Optional Redemption Date may not fall earlier than five years 
and one day after the Issue Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount each as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Redemption) 
If this Condition 7(e) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in subparagraph 
(i) above, notice to the Agent and the relevant Registrar, (which notices shall be 
irrevocable), 
elect, in its sole discretion, to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any Make-
Whole Redemption Date at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding such Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
(f) 
The Appropriate Notice 
The notice referred to in paragraphs (b), (d), (e) and (e) of this Condition 7 is a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders, the relevant Agent and the relevant Registrar (in

--- Page 104 ---
- 103 - 
the case of Registered Notes), which shall be signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer and shall specify the following details: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be 
redeemed; 
(iii) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be a Business Day; and 
(iv) 
the circumstances giving rise to the Issuer's entitlement to effect such redemption. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to 
make the redemption therein specified. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If this Condition 7(g) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms,  then 
upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, 
and in accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole (but not 
in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date; provided that, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Optional Redemption Date shall not fall earlier than five years 
and one day after the Issue Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, 
the holder of this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, 
an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
If this Note is represented by a Permanent Global Note or Global Note Certificate the 
bearer of such Permanent Global Note or the holder of such Global Note Certificate must, 
within the notice period, give written notice of such exercise to the relevant Agent 
specifying the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is exercised. Any 
such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by 
notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to 
declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates may at any time purchase Notes at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) shall 
be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith at the time of redemption) and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 105 ---
- 104 - 
(j) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
(i) 
In respect of any Note (other than an Index-linked Note and a Zero Coupon Note), 
"Early Redemption Amount" means its nominal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these General Terms 
and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of Index-linked Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes but including 
Partly Paid Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than 
that in which the Notes are denominated, "Early Redemption Amount" means 
such amount specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, or determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, at their nominal 
amount. 
(iii) 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, "Early Redemption Amount" means the 
amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Reference 
Price"); and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
it shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each or 
such other calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Partial redemption 
If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), in the case of Bearer Notes, the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the relevant 
Agent approves and in such manner as the relevant Agent considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) shall specify the serial numbers of 
the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be 
redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date bears to the aggregate 
nominal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Higher Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
If any of the Notes to be redeemed in part only in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) are represented by a global Note, 
such global Note may be redeemed in part in the nominal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in these General Terms and Conditions but in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).

--- Page 106 ---
- 105 - 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the redemption of Bearer 
Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial 
redemption, surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any 
of the Paying Agents or to the order of any Paying Agents. 
(ii) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
In the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, 
against presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside 
the United States or its possessions and, in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note, upon due certification as required therein. 
(B) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes without Coupons attached thereto 
at the time of their initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside the United States or its possessions. 
(C) 
In the case of definitive Bearer Notes delivered with Coupons attached 
thereto, against surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States or its possessions. 
(iii) 
If the due date for payment of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest 
or otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Notes is not a Payment Business Day in the 
place of presentation, then the Noteholder will not be entitled to payment thereof 
until the next following such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall 
be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure 
to pay in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(iv) 
Each definitive Bearer Note initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto 
should be surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto, failing which: 
(A) 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate 
or rates, the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount 
so deducted being payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States 
or its possessions at any time prior to the tenth anniversary of the due 
date of such final redemption or, if later, the fifth anniversary of the date 
of maturity of such Coupon; and 
(B) 
in the case of definitive Bearer Notes which bear interest at, or at a 
margin above or below, a floating rate, all unmatured Coupons relating 
to such definitive Bearer Notes (whether or not surrendered therewith) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of 
them. 
(v) 
So long as the Bearer SIS Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note, the 
receipt by the SIS Note Intermediary of the due payment of funds in Swiss francs 
in Switzerland shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Bearer SIS 
Notes (and the Coupons appertaining to them) for the payment of principal and 
interest to the extent of such payment. All payments required to be made by the 
Issuer under Bearer SIS Notes (and any Coupons appertaining to them) shall be 
made available in good time in freely disposable funds in Swiss francs and placed 
at the disposal of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders. 
All payments required to be made under the Bearer SIS Notes shall be made to

--- Page 107 ---
- 106 - 
the Noteholders in Swiss francs without collection costs (in the case of Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes) in Switzerland at the specified offices located in Switzerland 
of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent upon their surrender without any restrictions 
and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or 
residence of the relevant holder of the Bearer SIS Note (and any Coupons 
appertaining to it) and without any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any 
other formality. 
(b) 
Payments - Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final redemption of 
Registered Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a 
partial redemption, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes at the specified 
office of the relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
(ii) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, 
interest or otherwise) in respect of any Registered Notes is not a Payment 
Business Day, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the 
next following such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall be due 
in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of 
Registered Notes will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the relevant 
Registrar as at close of business (local time) on the Clearing System Business Day 
before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the 
Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(b)(i), payments of interest in 
respect of Registered Notes will be made (i) in the case of a currency other than 
Renminbi, by a cheque drawn on a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
posted to the address (as recorded in the register held by the relevant Registrar) 
of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint-Holders, the first named) on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment unless at least 
four Payment Business Days prior to such date the Holder thereof (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, the first named) has applied to the relevant Registrar for payment 
to be made to a designated account, and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by or on behalf of the 
payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments - Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes 
The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (or, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
is UBS AG, Zurich and Basel, the receipt by the SIS Note Intermediary) of the due 
payment of funds in the Specified Currency in Switzerland shall release the Issuer from 
its obligations under the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for the payment of principal and 
interest to the extent of such payment. All payments required to be made by the Issuer 
under Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes shall be made available in good time in freely 
disposable funds in the Specified Currency and placed at the disposal of the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders. All payments required to be made under 
the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes shall be made to the Noteholders in the Specified 
Currency without collection costs in Switzerland without any restrictions and whatever 
the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the relevant 
holder of the Uncertificated Swiss SIS Note and without any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfilment of any other formality. 
If the due date for payment of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes is not a Payment Business 
Day, then the Noteholder will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following

--- Page 108 ---
- 107 - 
such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay 
save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
(d) 
Payments - Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
The receipt by the relevant Noteholder of the due payment of funds in the Specified 
Currency shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Uncertificated Swiss Non-
SIS Notes for the payment of principal and interest to the extent of such payment. All 
payments required to be made by the Issuer under Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
shall be made available in good time in freely disposable funds in the Specified Currency, 
which will be placed at the disposal of the Principal Swiss Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Noteholders. All payments required to be made under the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS 
Notes shall be made to the Noteholders in the Specified Currency without collection costs 
in Switzerland without any restrictions and whatever the circumstances may be, 
irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the relevant holder of the 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Note and without any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfilment of any other formality. For the avoidance of doubt, once the Uncertificated 
Swiss Non-SIS Notes of a Series have been converted into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, 
such Notes will be considered Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions set forth under paragraph (c) above will 
apply accordingly. 
If the due date for payment of any amount (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes is not a Payment 
Business Day, then the Noteholder will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next 
following such Payment Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of 
such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(e) 
Payments - General Provisions 
(i) 
Payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of Notes will be made (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, 
in the currency in which it is denominated by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to 
an account maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre 
(or, if such currency is euro, to any account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred), (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency and maintained by or on behalf of the payee with a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (iii) in the case of Swiss Notes, as 
described under Condition 8(a)(v), 8(c) or 8(d), as applicable, above. 
(ii) 
The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the appointment of an Agent or 
any other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, or any Registrar and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, or another Registrar. The 
Issuer will at all times maintain (i) an Agent, (ii) a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in a European city (but outside the United Kingdom), and 
(iv) so long as any Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market, the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Regulated Market, a Paying Agent and (in the case of Registered 
Notes) a Transfer Agent with a specified office in Luxembourg or Dublin, as the 
case may be. In respect of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer will at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent (on or after the Interest Determination Date 
for the first Interest Period). Any variation, termination or appointment shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(iii) 
If at any time the Calculation Agent fails to duly calculate (A) the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amount for any Interest Period or (B) if the Notes are to be 
redeemed pursuant to subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Condition 7

--- Page 109 ---
- 108 - 
(Redemption and Purchase) and, in the case of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes, 
the Early Redemption Date falls in the Floating Rate Period, the interest amount 
payable on the Early Redemption, then the Issuer reserves the right to terminate 
the appointment of the Calculation Agent and appoint a successor Calculation 
Agent; provided, however, that, if the Calculation Agent duly calculates such 
floating Rate of Interest, Interest Amount or interest amount payable on the Early 
Redemption Date, as the case may be, prior to its termination (and the 
appointment of its successor) taking effect in accordance with this subparagraph 
(e) of this Condition 8, the Issuer may elect, in its sole discretion and upon written 
notice to the Holders pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), to cancel such 
termination (and appointment). 
(iv) 
In respect of Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the 
Issuer will at all times maintain at least one Swiss paying agent having a specified 
office in Switzerland if then required by the regulations of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange. 
(f) 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
This Condition 8(f) shall apply where the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 
8(f) is applicable to the relevant issue of Renminbi Notes. For Renminbi Notes that are 
settled and deliverable in Hong Kong, if, notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be 
impracticable for it, to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in 
respect of Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency, the Issuer, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice 
to any Paying Agent and Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) prior to 
the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of such 
payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest 
amount in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made by a U.S. dollar denominated 
cheque drawn on, or by transfer to an account maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
Relevant Financial Centre. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(f): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange) in the Principal Financial Centre or the Relevant Financial Centre (as 
applicable) of Renminbi, London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before 
the due date for any payment of the relevant amount under these General Terms and 
Conditions; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of the Principal Financial Centre or the Relevant Financial 
Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi; 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under any 
Notes denominated in Renminbi, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount

--- Page 110 ---
- 109 - 
into or from Renminbi as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under any Notes 
denominated in Renminbi on any payment date or such other amount as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the general 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticality or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or any if its affiliates 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the trade date of any Note denominated in 
Renminbi and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation); 
"Non transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver Renminbi 
between accounts inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticality 
or illegality is due solely to the failure of Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the trade date of any Note denominated in Renminbi and it 
is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates (as applicable), to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/Renminbi exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. 
dollars with Renminbi in the over the counter Renminbi exchange market in the Principal 
Financial Centre or the Relevant Financial Centre (as applicable) of Renminbi, as 
determined by the Renminbi Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner at or around 11.00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre of 
Renminbi) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Renminbi 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner will determine 
the Spot Rate at or around 11: 00 a.m. (time in the Principal Financial Centre or such 
Relevant Financial Centre of Renminbi) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available U.S. dollar/Renminbi official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters 
Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of 
displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; and 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using 
the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date promptly notified to the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Paying Agents. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 9 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
- 110 - 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable 
with respect to interest under Condition 9 (Taxation). 
9. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
All sums payable by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or other government charges of any nature ("Taxes") 
imposed by or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined below), or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to impose Taxes unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
If the Issuer is required by law to deduct or withhold any Taxes imposed by or on behalf 
of a Relevant Jurisdiction then the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the Noteholders or the Couponholders receiving the amounts they would have received 
if no withholding or deduction of Taxes had been required ("Additional Amounts"). 
(c) 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any Additional Amounts pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
in relation to a Note or Coupon, (i) to a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable to such 
Taxes on the Note or Coupon as a result of having some connection with the Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than its mere ownership or possession of the Note or Coupon or the 
receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof, or (ii) which is presented for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or 
Couponholder would have been entitled to receive the Additional Amounts if it had 
presented the Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of the 30-day period, or (iii) 
where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia Branch, to a Noteholder or 
Couponholder (or any other entity which has an interest in a Note or Coupon) who is liable 
to such taxes on the Note or Coupon by reason of his being an Offshore Associate of the 
Issuer, other than one acting in the capacity of a clearing house, paying agent, custodian, 
funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme within the meaning of the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia or (iv) (in the case of Registered Notes) where the 
Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia Branch, to a Noteholder or Couponholder (or 
any other entity which has an interest in a Note or Coupon) who is an Australian resident 
or non-resident holder carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent 
establishment of the non-resident in Australia, if that Person has not supplied an 
appropriate tax file number, Australian business number (if applicable), or details of an 
applicable exemption from these requirements, or (v) where the Issuer is acting through 
UBS AG Australia Branch, where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to a notice or direction issued by the Commissioner of Taxation under section 
255 of the Australian Tax Act or section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation 
Administration Act 1953 of Australia or any similar law, or (vi) where the Issuer is acting 
through UBS Head Office and payments which qualify as interest for Swiss withholding 
tax purposes are subject to Swiss withholding tax according to Swiss Federal Withholding 
Tax Law of 13 October 1965, or (vii) where such withholding or deduction is imposed on 
a payment and is required to be made pursuant to laws enacted by Switzerland providing 
for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those laid down in the draft 
legislation proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 3 April 2020, or otherwise changing 
the Swiss federal withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying-agent-
based system pursuant to which a Person other than the Issuer is required to withhold tax 
on any interest payments, or (viii) where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia 
Branch, to the extent that section 126 of the Australian Tax Act (or any equivalent 
provision) requires the Issuer to pay income tax in respect of interest payable on a Note or 
Coupon and the income tax would not be payable were the Noteholder or Couponholder 
not a "resident of Australia" or a "non-resident" so engaged in carrying on business in 
Australia, or (ix) in such other circumstance as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 112 ---
- 111 - 
(i) 
"Offshore Associate" means an associate (as defined in section 128F(9) of the 
Australian Tax Act) that is either: 
(A) 
a non-resident of Australia which does not acquire the Notes in carrying 
on a business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(B) 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Notes in carrying on a business 
at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia. 
(ii) 
"Australian Tax Act" means the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 of Australia 
and the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 of Australia, as applicable. 
(iii) 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the payment first becomes due. If the 
full amount of the moneys payable on the due date has not been received by the 
relevant Agent on or before the due date, then "Relevant Date" means the date 
on which notice to the effect that the full amount of the money due has been 
received by the relevant Agent is published in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
(iv) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means (i) United Kingdom and Switzerland, where the 
Issuer is acting through UBS AG London Branch, (ii) Jersey and Switzerland, 
where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Jersey Branch, (iii) Australia and 
Switzerland, where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Australia Branch, (iv) 
Hong Kong and Switzerland, where the Issuer is acting through UBS AG Hong 
Kong Branch, (v) Switzerland, where the Issuer is UBS Head Office, (vi) the 
jurisdiction of establishment of the relevant Branch and Switzerland where the 
Issuer is acting through a Branch other than UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG 
Jersey Branch, UBS AG Australia Branch or UBS AG Hong Kong Branch and 
(vii) any other jurisdiction imposing withholding or deduction on the payments 
in question as a result of the Issuer being considered to be resident or doing 
business in such jurisdiction for tax purposes. 
(d) 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to amounts payable by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes includes (i) any Additional Amount 
payable pursuant to this Condition 9 and (ii) any sum payable pursuant to an obligation 
taken in addition to or in substitution for the obligation in this Condition 9. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or any amended or successor 
provisions (relating to withholding or dividend equivalents) or Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, or any amended or successor provisions, pursuant to any inter-
governmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an 
intermediary not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The 
Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an 
investor for any such withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or 
any other party. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
(a) 
In the case of Notes other than Swiss Notes: 
(i) 
Bearer Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 
ten years from the Relevant Date. Coupons will become void unless presented for 
payment within five years of the Relevant Date. 
(ii) 
The rights of holders of Registered Notes to make claims against the Issuer for 
payments of principal will become void ten years after the Relevant Date. The 
rights of holders of Registered Notes to make claims against the Issuer for

--- Page 113 ---
- 112 - 
payments other than for payments of principal will become void five years after 
the Relevant Date. 
(b) 
In the case of Swiss Notes, in accordance with Swiss law, claims for interest payments 
under the Notes will become time-barred after the five-year period, and claims for the 
repayment or redemption of the Notes will become time-barred after the ten-year period, 
in each case, commencing on the date on which such payment, repayment or redemption 
becomes due and payable. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
In the case of Senior Notes 
The following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" for the purposes of Senior 
Notes: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under 
the Notes and such default continues for a period of 60 days after written notice 
of such default has been given by any Noteholder to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or resolution 
passed by the Issuer for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator or manager of the Issuer or of 
all or a substantial part of their respective assets, or anything analogous occurs, 
in any jurisdiction, to the Issuer, other than in connection with a solvent 
reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit to creditors 
generally its inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be adjudicated or 
found bankrupt or insolvent, or shall enter into any composition or other 
arrangements with its creditors generally. 
If an Event of Default in relation to Senior Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, 
Noteholders holding at least 25 per cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes may, by notice in writing giving to the relevant Agent at its specified office, declare 
all the Notes immediately due and payable, whereupon they will become immediately due 
and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(j)), together 
with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind unless such Event of Default has been remedied prior 
to the receipt of such notice by the relevant Agent, and the relevant Agent has actual 
knowledge of such remedy. 
(b) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes 
The following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" for the purposes of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 30 days in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance by the Issuer of any other obligation under 
the Notes and such default continues for a period of 60 days after written notice 
of such default has been given by any Noteholder to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
an order is made in Switzerland or, in the case of Subordinated Notes issued by 
the Issuer acting through a Branch, the country where the relevant Branch is 
located by any competent court or other authority for the dissolution, 
administration or winding-up of the Issuer (other than in connection with a solvent 
reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger) or for the appointment

--- Page 114 ---
- 113 - 
of a liquidator, provisional liquidator, receiver, administrator or manager of the 
Issuer or of all or a substantial part of its assets, or the Issuer shall be adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent, or anything analogous occurs to the Issuer; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer stops payment, or is unable to, or admits to creditors generally an 
inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or passes a resolution for the dissolution, 
administration or winding-up of the Issuer, or shall enter into any composition or 
other arrangements with its creditors generally, other than in connection with a 
solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger. 
If an Event of Default in relation to Subordinated Notes shall have occurred and be 
continuing, any Noteholder may, at such Noteholder's option, declare the Note held by the 
Noteholder to be forthwith (subject always to Condition 5(b) above) due and payable at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(i)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind by written notice to the Issuer and the relevant Agent at its specified 
office. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT 
If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the relevant Agent upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
13. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) 
In relation to Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes), notices to Noteholders will, save 
where another means of effective communication has been specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading English language daily 
newspaper with circulation in London or, if this is not possible, in one other leading 
English language daily newspaper with circulation in Europe, and, if the Notes are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, in 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu/home). 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
In relation to Registered Notes, notices to Noteholders will be deemed to be validly given 
if sent by first class mail to Noteholders (or, in the case of joint Noteholders, to the first-
named in the register kept by the relevant Registrar) at the respective addresses as recorded 
in the register kept by the relevant Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing. With respect to Registered 
Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law 
or regulations, any notices to Noteholders must also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu/home) and, in addition to the foregoing will be deemed validly 
given only after the date of such publication. 
(c) 
Global Notes (Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Registered Notes) 
If any of the Notes are represented by a global note which is held by a depositary on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or both and/or a nominee on behalf of DTC 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper then in relation to such 
Notes, notice may be given to the Noteholders by being delivered to Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC and/or any other relevant clearing system for

--- Page 115 ---
- 114 - 
communication by them to the Persons shown in their respective records as having 
interests therein (provided that, in the case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a notice is published in 
a daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg, which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu/home). Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if so published more than once, on the date of first publication. If 
publication is not practicable in any such newspaper, notice will be validly given if made 
in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date as the relevant 
Agent may approve. 
(d) 
SIS Notes 
For SIS Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, notices to 
Noteholders shall be given by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent at the expense of the 
Issuer (i) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Exchange 
Regulation Ltd (https://www.ser-ag.com), where notices are currently published under the 
address https://www.ser-ag.com/en/resources/notifications-market-participants/official-
notices.html#/, or (ii) otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange. Any notice so given shall be deemed to be validly given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
For SIS Notes that are not admitted to trading or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, notices 
to Noteholders shall be given by communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
to SIS (or such other SIS Note Intermediary) for forwarding to the holders of the Notes. 
Any notice so given shall be deemed to be validly given with the communication to SIS 
(or such other SIS Note Intermediary). 
(e) 
Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
In relation to Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes, notices to Noteholders shall be given 
by communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Non-SIS Note 
Intermediary for forwarding to the holders of the Notes. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to be validly given with the communication to the Non-SIS Note Intermediary. 
For the avoidance of doubt, once the Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes of a Series have 
been converted into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes, such Notes will be considered 
Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes for purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and the provisions set forth under paragraph (c) above will apply accordingly. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS; SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matters affecting their interests, including modification of the Notes and any 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to the Notes. Subject to Condition 14(c) 
below, any such modification must be authorised by an extraordinary resolution of the 
Noteholders (an "Extraordinary Resolution", which means a resolution passed by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast thereon). The quorum at 
any meeting will be two or more Persons present in Person holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, and at any 
adjourned meeting two or more Persons being or representing holders of the Notes 
whatever the nominal amount of Notes so held or represented provided that at any such 
meeting, the business of which includes the modification of certain of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
two or more Persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority, in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a 
meeting will be binding on all the Noteholders (whether present at the meeting or not) and 
on all the Couponholders.

--- Page 116 ---
- 115 - 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Holders. 
While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then (subject to Condition 14(c)) approval of a resolution may be given by way of 
Electronic Consent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and, where Electronic Consent 
is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with 
entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person 
for whom such entitlement is held. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes  Conditions 
applicable to Global Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes)". 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 14(c) below, the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct 
a manifest error or, which may be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions 
of paragraph (C) of Condition 6(b)(iv) (Interest – Floating Rate – SOFR Notes), paragraph 
(D) of Condition 6(b)(vi) (Interest – Floating Rate – SARON Notes) and of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes (other than SOFR Notes)). In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to any modification to 
the Agency Agreement which, in the reasonable opinion of such parties, is not materially 
prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders or the Couponholders or which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to any modification which is necessary, to correct a manifest 
error. 
(c) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 14(c) applies to the Notes of such 
Series, then the provisions on bondholder meetings contained in article 1157 et seq. of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations will apply, and (i) such provisions will apply in relation to 
meetings of Noteholders instead of the provisions described in paragraph (a) of this 
Condition 14 and Condition 14 will be construed accordingly, and (ii) any amendments 
described in paragraph (b) of this Condition 14 may only be done without the consent of 
the Noteholders if such consent is not required by mandatory provisions of Swiss law and 
this Condition 14 will be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
The Issuer may, at its option and having given no more than 30 nor less than 10 days' 
notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon 
which interest is payable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and provided that no payment in respect of any such 
Series is overdue designate, without the consent of any Noteholder, an Affiliate (the 
"Substitute Entity") to assume in place of the Issuer or any previous Substitute Entity 
(the "Current Entity") liability for the due and punctual payment of all payments on all 
Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series and the performance of all the Issuer's other 
obligations under all the Notes then outstanding in the relevant Series, the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
As used herein (i) "Affiliate" means any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
Issuer, any entity that controls the Issuer, directly or indirectly, or any entity under 
common control with the Issuer, and (ii) "control" of the Issuer or any entity means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the Issuer or such entity.

--- Page 117 ---
- 116 - 
(e) 
Upon any designation of a Substitute Entity pursuant to paragraph (d) above, the Substitute 
Entity shall succeed to the rights and obligations of the Current Entity under the Notes, 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and the Current Entity shall be released 
from its liability on the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. Such 
assumptions shall be permitted only if the Substitute Entity and the Current Entity enter 
into a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") or, in the case of Swiss Notes, an agreement governed 
by Swiss law (the "Swiss Substitution Agreement"), whereby (i) the Substitute Entity 
assumes the obligations of the Current Entity (or any previous substitute) under the Notes, 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, (ii) the Substitute Entity and the Current 
Entity agree to indemnify each Noteholder and, if appropriate, each Accountholder (as 
defined in the Deed of Covenant) against (A) any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge 
imposed on or relating to the act of assumption and (B) any costs or expenses of the act of 
assumption and (iii) the Substitute Entity and the Current Entity shall warrant that all 
necessary governmental approvals and consents for the assumption by the Substitute 
Entity of its obligations have been obtained and are in full force and the obligations of the 
Substitute Entity under the Notes, (if appropriate) the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed Poll or Swiss Substitution Agreement, as applicable, are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable against the Substitute Entity, provided that no substitution 
shall take place pursuant to this Condition 14 unless (v) the Issuer shall have obtained 
legal opinions containing no untoward qualifications from independent legal advisers in 
the respective countries in which the Substitute Entity and the Current Entity are 
incorporated, in Switzerland (in the case of Swiss Notes) and in England to the effect that 
the obligations of the Substitute Entity are its legal, valid and binding obligations, and that 
all consents and approvals as aforesaid have been obtained, (w) any credit rating agency 
currently rating the Series of Notes has confirmed in writing to the Current Entity that 
assumption by the Substitute Entity will not result in a downgrading of the then current 
credit rating of such rating agency applicable to the class of debt represented by the Notes, 
(x) each competent listing authority and/or stock exchange, on or by which the Notes are 
admitted to listing and/or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute Entity, the Notes will continue to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading by the relevant competent listing authority and/or stock exchange, (y) in the case 
of a Substitute Entity not incorporated under the laws of England or Wales, the Substitute 
Entity has appointed a process agent as its agent in England and Wales to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (except in relation to Swiss Notes) and (z) the Substitute Entity would not, 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes after giving effect to such 
substitution that the Current Entity would not have been required to pay immediately prior 
to such substitution, as determined by the Issuer at the time of sending the relevant notice 
to Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (d) above. 
(f) 
Not less than 10 nor more than 30 days prior to the effective date of any assumption by a 
Substitute Entity pursuant to paragraph (e) above, the Issuer shall procure the notification 
to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), of the assumption and 
stating that copies, or pending execution thereof final drafts, of the Deed Poll or Swiss 
Substitution Agreement, as applicable, and other relevant documents and of the legal 
opinions are available for inspection by the Noteholders at the specified offices of the 
relevant Agent and (where relevant) the Registrar. The originals of the Deed Poll or Swiss 
Substitution Agreement, as applicable, and other relevant documents will be delivered to 
the relevant Agent to hold until there are no claims outstanding in respect of the Notes, (if 
appropriate) the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement or the Deed Poll or Swiss 
Substitution Agreement, as applicable. The Substitute Entity and the Current Entity shall 
in the Deed Poll or Swiss Substitution Agreement, as applicable, acknowledge the right of 
every Noteholder of any Note or, as the case may be, every Accountholder to inspect such 
documents at the offices of the relevant Agent. 
(g) 
Upon any assumption pursuant to paragraph (e) above becoming effective, references in 
these General Terms and Conditions to the Relevant Jurisdiction being the jurisdiction of 
establishment of the Current Entity and Switzerland and any other jurisdiction imposing 
withholding or deduction on the payments in question as a result of the Issuer being

--- Page 118 ---
- 117 - 
considered to be resident or doing business in such jurisdiction for tax purposes, shall be 
read and construed as including the jurisdiction of establishment of the Substitute Entity 
instead of or in addition to (as the case may be) references to the jurisdiction of 
establishment of the Current Entity and Switzerland and any other jurisdiction imposing 
withholding or deduction on the payments in question as a result of the Issuer being 
considered to be resident or doing business in such jurisdiction for tax purposes. 
(h) 
Prior to any assumption pursuant to paragraph (e) above, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, upon giving no more than 30 and no less than 10 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), at any time, (i) cease to 
make payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due under all Notes then 
outstanding in the relevant Series and fulfil any of its other obligations and exercise any 
of its other rights and powers in respect of, or arising under, all Notes then outstanding in 
the relevant Series through the Branch or the UBS Head Office, as applicable, through 
which it is acting at the time of the relevant notice, and (ii) commence making such 
payments, fulfilling such other obligations and exercising such powers and rights through 
another Branch or the UBS Head Office (if the Issuer was not acting through UBS Head 
Office at the time of the relevant notice) as designated in the relevant notice (an "Issuing 
Branch Substitution"), provided that, as of the time of giving the relevant notice, (A) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any Note in the relevant 
Series, and (B) the Issuer would not be required to pay any Additional Amounts under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution 
that it would not have been required to pay if such Issuing Branch Substitution were not 
to occur. 
(i) 
Upon any Issuing Branch Substitution pursuant to which the Issuer was not acting through 
the UBS Head Office immediately prior thereto, references in these General Terms and 
Conditions to the Relevant Jurisdiction being the jurisdiction of establishment of the 
Branch through which the Issuer was acting immediately prior to such Issuing Branch 
Substitution, shall be read and construed as references to (x) the jurisdiction of 
establishment of the Branch through which the Issuer is acting immediately after giving 
effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution or (y) if the Issuer is acting through the UBS 
Head Office immediately after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution, 
Switzerland, in each case, instead of references to the jurisdiction of establishment of the 
Branch through which the Issuer was acting immediately prior to such Issuing Branch 
Substitution. 
(j) 
Upon any Issuing Branch Substitution pursuant to which the Issuer was acting through the 
UBS Head Office immediately prior thereto, references in these General Terms and 
Conditions to the Relevant Jurisdiction shall be read and construed as to include references 
to the jurisdiction of establishment of the Branch through which the Issuer is acting 
immediately after giving effect to such Issuing Branch Substitution in addition to 
Switzerland. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
create and issue further notes and, provided that such further notes have the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on 
them), the further notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. In such 
circumstances, references in these General Terms and Conditions to "Notes" include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other notes issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single 
series with the Notes. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement (other than the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement) 
and the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) and any related Coupons and Talons and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Notes (other than Swiss Notes) and any related Coupons and Talons are governed by

--- Page 119 ---
- 118 - 
English law, except for, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 5(b) (Status of the 
Notes - In the case of Subordinated Notes), which are governed by Swiss law. 
(b) 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with the Notes (other than Swiss Notes) or any related Coupons or 
Talons (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes, 
the Coupons or the Talons or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Coupons or the Talons) or the consequences of the nullity of the Notes 
(other than Swiss Notes) or any related Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than Swiss 
Notes) or any related Coupons or Talons ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection 
to Proceedings in any such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for 
the benefit of each of the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Talonholders and shall 
not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
The Issuer agrees that, except in relation to Swiss Notes, the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to it at 5 Broadgate, London EC2M 
2QS, UK or at any other address of the Issuer in England at which service of process may 
be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
The Swiss Notes, any related Coupons and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes with 
respect to such Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws 
of Switzerland. The courts of the Canton of Zurich (venue being the City of Zurich) have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the 
Swiss Notes and any related Coupons. 
(e) 
The Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of Switzerland. The courts of the Canton of Zurich (venue being 
the City of Zurich) will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement.

--- Page 120 ---
- 119 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Series or 
Tranche of Notes (i) when issued by the Issuer acting through any Branch, will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or towards meeting the general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group, 
in each case outside Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in 
force from time to time without payments in respect of the Notes becoming subject to withholding or 
deduction for Swiss withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland or (ii) when 
issued by UBS Head Office, will be used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes or towards meeting 
the general financing requirements of the UBS AG Group. If, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Notes, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes are issued as "Green 
Bonds" (each, a "Green Bond"). In such case, it is intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of such Notes to finance, refinance or otherwise 
maintain new and existing Eligible Assets (which can be identified on a Group-wide basis), as further 
described in the UBS Green Funding Framework. "UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the UBS 
green funding framework initially dated 16 November 2021, available at www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the 
same may be updated, amended and/or replaced from time to time.  The UBS Green Funding Framework 
is aligned with the four components of the International Capital Market Association's (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles, namely:  (i) Use of Proceeds, (ii) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection, (iii) Management 
of Proceeds, and (iv) Reporting. 
If any Group-wide Eligible Assets allocated to Notes issued as Green Bonds for purposes of the UBS Green 
Funding Framework are held by one of the Issuer's subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate new or 
existing funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary as funding for the maintenance of such Group-wide Eligible 
Assets. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the initial Eligible Asset categories currently set out in the UBS 
Green Funding Framework are "green buildings", being mortgages provided to new or existing commercial 
or residential buildings certified, or to be certified, by the following green building certification systems:  
Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-A1; or any other equivalent certification system as determined by UBS. 
UBS may apply additional environmental, social, and governance (ESG) screening filters in order to qualify 
mortgages provided to commercial buildings as Eligible Assets under the UBS Green Funding Framework. 
Additionally, the Eligible Asset categories may be updated, amended and/or replaced from time to time, 
and prospective investors in Notes issued as Green Bonds should note that any changes to the UBS Green 
Funding Framework (including to the definition or categorisation of Eligible Assets) after the issue date of 
such Notes may also apply in respect of such Notes. 
Eligible Assets will be evaluated, selected, and reported on as described in the UBS Green Funding 
Framework and it is intended that an amount equal to the net proceeds of each issue of Notes issued as 
Green Bonds will be used as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework, although there is no 
contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. UBS intends to provide a Green Funding Investor Report on 
an annual basis, as described in the UBS Green Funding Framework. 
UBS has appointed Sustainalytics as an independent assurance provider to provide a second party opinion 
on the UBS Green Funding Framework, available at www.ubs.com/greenbonds, which assesses the 
alignment of the UBS Green Funding Framework with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles. 
UBS may seek a Climate Bonds Initiative certification (programmatic or standalone) for its Notes issued 
as Green Bonds. In this event, UBS will conduct periodic assurance of such certification to reaffirm 
conformance of the relevant Notes with the criteria of the Climate Bonds Standard at least on an annual 
basis. The post-issuance certification will also be made available at www.ubs.com/greenbonds. If a Climate 
Bonds Initiative certification has not been sought, an alternative independent assurance provider will 
 
1 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy 
consumption buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and 
the Principality of Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new 
buildings and refurbishments:  Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed 
requirements for certification, please visit www.minergie.ch.

--- Page 121 ---
- 120 - 
annually assure UBS's process for the selection of Eligible Assets and that such process is in accordance 
with the UBS Green Funding Framework. In such case, the opinion of the assurance provider will be made 
available in the Green Funding Investor Report. 
None of the UBS Green Funding Framework, the second party opinion of Sustainalytics, the Green Funding 
Investor Reports, any other certification, report or opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding Framework 
and/or Notes issued as Green Bonds or the contents of any website referred to above are incorporated in or 
form part of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
Prospective investors in Green Bonds should refer also to "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Notes issued 
as Green Bonds".

--- Page 122 ---
- 121 - 
DESCRIPTION OF UBS AG 
1. 
Overview 
UBS AG with its subsidiaries (together, "UBS AG consolidated", or "UBS AG Group"; together 
with UBS Group AG, which is the holding company of UBS AG, and its subsidiaries, "UBS 
Group", "Group", "UBS " or "UBS Group AG consolidated") provides financial advice and 
solutions to private, institutional and corporate clients worldwide, as well as private clients in 
Switzerland. The operational structure of the Group is comprised of the Group Functions and four 
business divisions:  Global Wealth Management, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset 
Management and the Investment Bank. 
On 31 March 2022, UBS Group's CET1 capital ratio was 14.3 per cent., the CET1 leverage ratio 
was 4.16 per cent., the total loss-absorbing capacity ratio was 34.2 per cent., and the total loss-
absorbing capacity leverage ratio was 9.9 per cent.2 On the same date, invested assets stood at USD 
4,380 billion, equity attributable to shareholders was USD 58,855 million and market capitalisation 
was USD 65,775 million. On the same date, UBS employed 71,697 people.3 
On 31 March 2022, UBS AG consolidated CET1 capital ratio was 13.4 per cent., the CET1 
leverage ratio was 3.88 per cent., the total loss-absorbing capacity ratio was 33.3 per cent., and the 
total loss-absorbing capacity leverage ratio was 9.6 per cent.1 On the same date, invested assets 
stood at USD 4,380 billion and equity attributable to UBS AG shareholders was USD 57,962 
million. On the same date, UBS AG Group employed 47,139 people.2 
The rating agencies S&P, Moody's and Fitch Ratings have published solicited credit ratings 
reflecting their assessment of the creditworthiness of UBS AG, i.e. its ability to fulfil in a timely 
manner payment obligations, such as principal or interest payments on long-term loans, also known 
as debt servicing. The ratings from Fitch Ratings and S&P may be attributed a plus or minus sign, 
and those from Moody's a number. These supplementary attributes indicate the relative position 
within the respective rating class.  UBS AG has a long term counterparty credit rating of A+ 
(outlook:  stable) from S&P, long-term senior debt rating of Aa3 (outlook:  stable) from Moody's, 
and long-term issuer default rating of AA- (outlook:  stable) from Fitch Ratings. 
An explanation of the significance of ratings may be obtained from the rating agencies. Generally, 
rating agencies base their ratings on such material and information, and such of their own 
investigations, studies and assumptions, as they deem appropriate. The ratings of UBS AG should 
be evaluated independently from similar ratings of other entities, and from the rating, if any, of its 
securities. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities issued or 
guaranteed by the rated entity and may be subject to review, revision, suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
No profit forecasts or estimates are included in this document. 
No recent events particular to UBS AG have occurred which are to a material extent relevant to 
the evaluation of UBS AG's solvency. 
2. 
Information about the Issuer 
2.1 
Corporate Information 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is UBS AG. 
The Issuer was incorporated under the name SBC AG on 28 February 1978 for an unlimited 
duration and entered in the Commercial Register of Canton Basel-City on that day. On 8 December 
1997, the Issuer changed its name to UBS AG. The Issuer in its present form was created on 29 
June 1998 by the merger of Union Bank of Switzerland (founded 1862) and Swiss Bank 
 
2 
All figures based on the Swiss systemically relevant bank framework. Refer to the "Capital 
management" section of the Annual Report 2021 and of the UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report for 
more information. 
3 
Full-time equivalents.

--- Page 123 ---
- 122 - 
Corporation (founded 1872). UBS AG is entered in the Commercial Registers of Canton Zurich 
and Canton Basel-City. The registration number is CHE-101.329.561. 
UBS AG is incorporated and domiciled in Switzerland and operates under the Swiss Code of 
Obligations as an Aktiengesellschaft, a corporation limited by shares. UBS AG's Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) code is BFM8T61CT2L1QCEMIK50. 
According to article 2 of the articles of association of UBS AG dated 26 April 2018 ("Articles of 
Association"), the purpose of UBS AG is the operation of a bank. Its scope of operations extends 
to all types of banking, financial, advisory, trading and service activities in Switzerland and abroad. 
UBS AG may establish branches and representative offices as well as banks, finance companies 
and other enterprises of any kind in Switzerland and abroad, hold equity interests in these 
companies, and conduct their management. UBS AG is authorized to acquire, mortgage and sell 
real estate and building rights in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may borrow and invest money 
on the capital markets. UBS AG is part of the group of companies controlled by the group parent 
company UBS Group AG. It may promote the interests of the group parent company or other group 
companies. It may provide loans, guarantees and other kinds of financing and security for group 
companies. 
The addresses and telephone numbers of UBS AG's two registered offices and principal places of 
business are:  Bahnhofstrasse 45, CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland, telephone +41 44 234 1111; and 
Aeschenvorstadt 1, CH-4051 Basel, Switzerland, telephone +41 61 288 5050. 
2.2 
UBS's borrowing and funding structure and financing of UBS's activities 
For information on UBS's expected financing of its business activities, please refer to "Liquidity 
and funding management" in the "Capital, liquidity and funding, and balance sheet" section of the 
Annual Report 2021. 
3. 
Business Overview 
3.1 
Organisational Structure of UBS AG 
UBS AG is a Swiss bank and the parent company of the UBS AG Group. It is 100 per cent. owned 
by UBS Group AG, which is the holding company of the UBS Group. UBS operates as a group 
with four business divisions and Group Functions. 
In 2014, UBS began adapting its legal entity structure in response to too-big-to-fail requirements 
and other regulatory initiatives. First, UBS Group AG was established as the ultimate parent 
holding company for the Group. In 2015, UBS AG transferred its personal & corporate banking 
and Swiss-booked wealth management businesses to the newly established UBS Switzerland AG, 
a banking subsidiary of UBS AG in Switzerland. That same year, UBS Business Solutions AG, a 
wholly owned subsidiary of UBS Group AG, was established and acts as the Group service 
company. In 2016, UBS Americas Holding LLC became the intermediate holding company for 
UBS's US subsidiaries and UBS's wealth management subsidiaries across Europe were merged 
into UBS Europe SE, UBS's German-headquartered European subsidiary. In 2019, UBS Limited, 
UBS's UK headquartered subsidiary, was merged into UBS Europe SE. 
UBS Group AG's interests in subsidiaries and other entities as of 31 December 2021, including 
interests in significant subsidiaries, are discussed in "Note 29 Interests in subsidiaries and other 
entities" to the UBS Group AG's consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report 
2021. 
UBS AG's interests in subsidiaries and other entities as of 31 December 2021, including interests 
in significant subsidiaries, are discussed in "Note 29 Interests in subsidiaries and other entities" to 
the UBS AG's consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report 2021. 
UBS AG is the parent company of, and conducts a significant portion of its operations through, its 
subsidiaries. UBS AG has contributed a significant portion of its capital and provides substantial 
liquidity to subsidiaries. In addition, UBS Business Solutions AG provides substantial services to 
group companies including UBS AG and its subsidiaries. To this extent, UBS AG is dependent on 
certain of the entities of the UBS AG Group and of the UBS Group.

--- Page 124 ---
- 123 - 
3.2 
Principal activities 
UBS businesses are organised globally into four business divisions:  Global Wealth Management, 
Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management, and the Investment Bank. All four business 
divisions are supported by Group Functions. Each of the business divisions and Group Functions 
are described below. A description of the businesses, organisational structures, products and 
services and targeted markets of the business divisions and Group Functions can be found under 
"Our businesses" in the "Our strategy, business model and environment" section of the Annual 
Report 2021. 
 
Global Wealth Management provides financial services, advice and solutions to private 
clients, in particular in the ultrahigh net worth and high net worth segments. Its offering 
ranges from investment management to estate planning and corporate finance advice, in 
addition to specific wealth management products and services. The business division is 
managed globally across the regions. 
 
Personal & Corporate Banking serves its private, corporate, and institutional clients' 
needs, from basic banking to retirement, financing, investments and strategic transactions, 
in Switzerland, through its branch network and digital channels. 
 
Asset Management is a large-scale and diversified global asset manager. It offers 
investment capabilities and styles across all major traditional and alternative asset classes, 
as well as advisory support to institutions, wholesale intermediaries and wealth 
management clients globally. 
 
The Investment Bank provides a range of services to institutional, corporate and wealth 
management clients globally, to help them raise capital, grow their businesses, invest and 
manage risks. Its offerings include advisory services, facilitating clients raising debt and 
equity from the public and private markets and capital markets, cash and derivatives 
trading across equities and fixed income, and financing. 
 
Group Functions is made up of the following major areas:  Group Services (which consists 
of Technology, Corporate Services, Human Resources, Finance, Legal, Risk Control, 
Compliance, Regulatory & Governance, Communications & Branding and Group 
Sustainability and Impact), Group Treasury and Non-core and Legacy Portfolio. 
3.3 
Competition 
The financial services industry is characterised by intense competition, continuous innovation, 
restrictive, detailed, and sometimes fragmented regulation and ongoing consolidation. UBS faces 
competition at the level of local markets and individual business lines, and from global financial 
institutions that are comparable to UBS in their size and breadth, as well as competition from new 
technology-based market entrants, which may not be subject to the same level of regulation. 
Barriers to entry in individual markets and pricing levels are being eroded by new technology. UBS 
expects these trends to continue and competition to increase. 
Any statements regarding the competitive position of UBS AG, UBS AG Group or the Group 
contained in this document are made on the basis of the opinion of UBS AG or the Group. 
3.4 
Recent Developments 
3.4.1 
UBS AG consolidated key figures 
Selected consolidated financial information 
UBS AG derived the selected consolidated financial information included in the table below for 
the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 from the Annual Report 2021, except where 
noted.  The selected consolidated financial information included in the table below for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 was derived from the UBS AG First Quarter 2022 
Report.

--- Page 125 ---
- 124 - 
The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). Information for the years ended 31 December 
2021, 2020 and 2019 which is indicated as being unaudited in the table below was included in the 
Annual Report 2021, but has not been audited on the basis that the respective disclosures are not 
required under IFRS, and therefore are not part of the audited financial statements. The Annual 
Report 2021 and the UBS AG First Quarter 2022 Report are incorporated by reference herein. 
Prospective investors should read the whole of this Prospectus and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein and should not rely solely on the summarised information set out below. 
 
As of or for the quarter ended
As of or for the year ended 
USD million, except where indicated 
31.3.22 
31.3.21 
31.12.21 
31.12.20 
31.12.19 
Unaudited 
audited, except where indicated
Results 
 
 
 
Income statement 
Operating income .............................................................................. 
9,475
8,836
35,976 
32,780 
29,307 
Net interest income............................................................................
1,746
1,589
6,605
5,788
4,415
Net fee and commission income ........................................................ 
5,384
5,719
22,438 
19,207 
17,460 
Credit loss (expense) / release ............................................................ 
(18)
28
148 
(695) 
(78) 
Other net income from financial instruments measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ..................................................................... 
2,225
1,314
5,844 
6,930 
6,833 
Operating expenses............................................................................ 
6,916
6,684
27,012 
25,081 
24,138 
Operating profit / (loss) before tax ..................................................... 
2,559
2,151
8,964 
7,699 
5,169 
Net profit / (loss) attributable to shareholders .................................... 
2,004
1,710
7,032 
6,196 
3,965 
Balance sheet1 
 
 
 
Total assets ........................................................................................ 
1,139,876
1,116,145 
1,125,327 
971,927 
Total financial liabilities measured at amortised cost .........................
749,052
744,762
732,364
617,429
of which:  customer deposits.............................................................. 
542,984
544,834 
527,929 
450,591 
of which: debt issued measured at amortised cost .............................
75,013
82,432
85,351
62,835
of which:  subordinated debt .............................................................. 
5,056
5,163 
7,744 
7,431 
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
322,941
300,916
325,080
291,452
of which:  debt issued designated at fair value ................................... 
69,421
71,460 
59,868 
66,592 
Loans and advances to customers ......................................................
393,960
398,693
380,977
327,992
Total equity ....................................................................................... 
58,319
58,442 
58,073 
53,896 
Equity attributable to shareholders.....................................................
57,962
58,102
57,754
53,722
Profitability and growth 
 
 
 
Return on equity (%)2........................................................................
13.8
11.9
12.3*
10.9*
7.4*
Return on tangible equity (%)3........................................................... 
15.5
13.4
13.9* 
12.4* 
8.5* 
Return on common equity tier 1 capital (%)4 ..................................... 
19.3
17.8
17.6* 
16.6* 
11.3* 
Return on risk-weighted assets, gross (%)5 ........................................ 
12.5
12.3
12.3* 
11.9* 
11.2* 
Return on leverage ratio denominator, gross (%)6,7 ............................ 
3.5
3.4
3.4* 
3.4* 
3.2* 
Cost / income ratio (%)8 .................................................................... 
72.8
75.9
75.4* 
74.9* 
82.1* 
Net profit growth (%)9 ....................................................................... 
17.2
20.3
13.5* 
56.3* 
(3.4)* 
Resources 
 
 
 
Common equity tier 1 capital10 .......................................................... 
41,577
38,826
41,594 
38,181 
35,233* 
Risk-weighted assets10 ....................................................................... 
309,374
285,119
299,005* 
286,743* 
257,831* 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (%)10 ...........................................
13.4
13.6
13.9*
13.3*
13.7*
Going concern capital ratio (%)10....................................................... 
18.1
18.7
18.5* 
18.3* 
18.3* 
Total loss-absorbing capacity ratio (%)10
33.1
34.2
33.3*
34.2*
33.9*
Leverage ratio denominator6,10........................................................... 
1,072,766
1,067,679* 
 
911,228* 
1,039,736
1,036,771*
Common equity tier 1 leverage ratio (%)6,10 ...................................... 
3.88
3.73
3.90* 
3.68* 
3.87* 
Going concern leverage ratio (%)6,10..................................................
5.2
5.1
5.2*
5.1*
5.2*
Total loss-absorbing capacity leverage ratio (%)10 ............................. 
9.6
9.4
9.3* 
9.5* 
9.6* 
Other 
Invested assets (USD billion)11 .......................................................... 
4,380
4,306
4,596 
4,187 
3,607 
Personnel (full-time equivalents) .......................................................
47,139
47,592
47,067*
47,546*
47,005*
 _______________  
* 
unaudited 
1 
Except for Total assets, Total equity and Equity attributable to shareholders, balance sheet information for year ended 
31 December 2019 is derived from the Annual Report 2020. 
2 
Calculated as annualised net profit attributable to shareholders divided by average equity attributable to shareholders. 
This measure provides information about the profitability of the business in relation to equity. 
3 
Calculated as annualised net profit attributable to shareholders divided by average equity attributable to shareholders 
less average goodwill and intangible assets. This measure provides information about the profitability of the business 
in relation to tangible equity. 
4 
Calculated as annualised net profit attributable to shareholders divided by average common equity tier 1 capital. This 
measure provides information about the profitability of the business in relation to common equity tier 1 capital. 
5 
Calculated as annualised operating income before credit loss expense or release divided by average risk-weighted 
assets. This measure provides information about the revenues of the business in relation to risk-weighted assets. 
6 
Leverage ratio denominators and leverage ratios for year 2020 do not reflect the effects of the temporary exemption 
that applied from 25 March 2020 until 1 January 2021 and was granted by FINMA in connection with COVID-19. 
7 
Calculated as annualised operating income before credit loss expense or release divided by average leverage ratio 
denominator. This measure provides information about the revenues of the business in relation to leverage ratio 
denominator. 
8 
Calculated as operating expenses divided by operating income before credit loss expense or release (annualised as 
applicable). This measure provides information about the efficiency of the business by comparing operating expenses 
with gross income. 
9 
Calculated as the change in net profit attributable to shareholders from continuing operations between current and 
comparison periods divided by net profit attributable to shareholders from continuing operations of the comparison 
period. This measure provides information about profit growth in comparison with the prior period. 
10 
Based on the applicable Swiss systemically relevant bank framework as of 1 January 2020. 
11 
Consists of invested assets for Global Wealth Management, Asset Management and Personal & Corporate Banking. 
Calculated as the sum of managed fund assets, managed institutional assets, discretionary and advisory wealth 
management portfolios, fiduciary deposits, time deposits, savings accounts, and wealth management securities or

--- Page 126 ---
- 125 - 
brokerage accounts. This measure provides information about the volume of client assets managed by or deposited 
with UBS for investment purposes. 
Regulatory, legal and other developments 
Refer to "Recent developments" in the UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report, as well as to "Our 
environment" and "Regulatory and legal developments" in the Annual Report 2021, for further 
information on key regulatory, legal and other developments. 
3.5 
Trend Information 
For information on trends, refer to "Outlook" under "Group performance" and to "Country risk" 
under "Risk management and control" in the UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report, as well as to 
the "Our environment" section, and to "Top and emerging risks" and "Country risk" in the "Risk 
management and control" section of the Annual Report 2021. In addition, please refer to the "Risk 
factors" and the "Recent Developments" sections of this document for more information. 
3.6 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies of UBS AG 
UBS AG complies with all relevant Swiss legal and regulatory corporate governance requirements. 
As a foreign private issuer with debt securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), 
UBS AG also complies with the relevant NYSE corporate governance standards applicable to 
foreign private issuers. 
UBS AG operates under a strict dual board structure, as mandated by Swiss banking law. The 
Board of Directors of UBS AG ("BoD") exercises the ultimate supervision over management, 
whereas the Executive Board of UBS AG ("EB"), headed by the President of the Executive Board 
("President of the EB"), has executive management responsibility. The functions of Chairman of 
the BoD and President of the EB are assigned to two different people, ensuring a separation of 
power. This structure establishes checks and balances and preserves the institutional independence 
of the BoD from the executive management of UBS AG Group, for which responsibility is 
delegated to the EB under the leadership of the President of the EB. No member of one board may 
simultaneously be a member of the other. 
Supervision and control of the EB remain with the BoD. The authorities and responsibilities of the 
two bodies are governed by the Articles of Association and the Organization Regulations of UBS 
AG. 
3.7 
Board of Directors 
The BoD consists of between five and 12 members. All the members of the BoD are elected 
individually by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") for a term of office of 
one year, which expires after the completion of the next AGM. Shareholders also elect the 
Chairman upon proposal of the BoD. 
The BoD meets as often as business requires, and at least six times a year. 
3.7.1 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The current members of the BoD are listed below. 
Member and 
business address 
Title 
Term of 
office 
Current principal activities outside UBS 
AG 
Colm Kelleher 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Chairman 
2023 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the board of Norfolk 
Southern Corporation (chair of the risk and 
finance committee); member of the Board of 
Directors of the Bretton Woods Committee; 
member of the board of Americans for Oxford; 
member of the Oxford Chancellor’s Court of

--- Page 127 ---
- 126 - 
Member and 
business address 
Title 
Term of 
office 
Current principal activities outside UBS 
AG 
Benefactors; and member of the Advisory 
Council of the British Museum. 
Lukas Gähwiler 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
UBS Group AG; member of the Board of 
Directors of Pilatus Aircraft Ltd; member of the 
Board of Directors of Ringier AG; member of 
the Board of Directors of Opernhaus Zürich 
AG; vice chairman of the Swiss Bankers 
Association; chairman of the Employers 
Association of Banks in Switzerland; member 
of the Board of Directors of the Swiss 
Employers Association; member of the Board 
of economiesuisse; chairman of the Foundation 
Board of the UBS Pension Fund; member of 
the Foundation Council of the UBS Center for 
Economics in Society; and member of the 
board of the Swiss Finance Council. 
Jeremy Anderson 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Senior Independent Director of the Board of 
Directors of UBS Group AG; board member of 
Prudential plc; trustee of the UK's Productivity 
Leadership Group; trustee of Kingham Hill 
Trust; trustee of St. Helen Bishopsgate. 
Claudia 
Böckstiegel 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; General Counsel and member of 
the Enlarged Executive Committee of Roche 
Holding AG. 
William C. Dudley 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the board of Treliant 
LLC; senior advisor to the Griswold Center for 
Economic 
Policy 
Studies 
at 
Princeton 
University; member of the Group of Thirty; 
member of the Council on Foreign Relations; 
chair of the Bretton Woods Committee board 
of directors; member of the board of the 
Council for Economic Education. 
Patrick Firmenich 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; chairman of the board of Firmenich 
International SA; member of the board of 
Jacobs Holding AG; member of the Board of 
INSEAD and INSEAD World Foundation; 
member of the Advisory Council of the Swiss 
Board Institute. 
Fred Hu 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; non-executive chairman of the 
board of Yum China Holdings (chair of the 
nomination and governance committee); board 
member of Industrial and Commercial Bank of 
China; chairman of Primavera Capital Ltd and 
of Primavera Capital Group; member of the 
Board of Ant Group; board member of

--- Page 128 ---
- 127 - 
Member and 
business address 
Title 
Term of 
office 
Current principal activities outside UBS 
AG 
Minsheng Financial Leasing Co.; trustee of the 
China Medical Board; Governor of the Chinese 
International School in Hong Kong; co-
chairman of the Nature Conservancy Asia 
Pacific Council; member of the Board of 
Trustees of the Institute for Advanced Studies 
(IAS); Director and member of the Executive 
Committee of China Venture Capital and 
Private Equity Association Ltd. 
Mark Hughes 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich  
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; chair of the Board of Directors of 
the Global Risk Institute; visiting lecturer at the 
University of Leeds; senior advisor to 
McKinsey & Company. 
Nathalie Rachou 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the board of Euronext 
N.V. (chair of the remuneration committee); 
member of the board of Veolia Environment 
SA (chair of the audit committee); member of 
the board of the African Financial Institutions 
Investment Platform. 
Julie G. Richardson 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the board of Yext (chair 
of the audit committee); member of the board 
of Datalog (chair of the audit committee); 
member of the Board of Fivetran. 
Dieter Wemmer 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; board member of Ørsted A/S (chair 
of the audit and risk committee); chairman of 
Marco Capital Holdings Limited and Marco 
Insurance, Malta and subsidiaries; member of 
the Berlin Center of Corporate Governance. 
Jeanette Wong 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors of UBS 
Group AG; member of the board of Prudential 
plc; member of the board of Singapore Airlines 
Limited; member of the Board Risk Committee 
of GIC Pte Ltd; board member of Jurong Town 
Corporation; 
board 
member 
of 
PSA 
International; chairman of the CareShield Life 
Council; member of the Securities Industry 
Council; member of the Board of Trustees of 
the National University of Singapore. 
 
3.8 
Executive Board ("EB") 
Under the leadership of the President of the EB, the EB has executive management responsibility 
for UBS AG and its business. All EB members (with the exception of the President of the EB) are 
proposed by the President of the EB. The appointments are made by the BoD.

--- Page 129 ---
- 128 - 
3.8.1 
Members of the Executive Board 
The current members of the EB are listed below. 
Member and 
business address  
Function 
Current principal activities outside UBS 
AG 
Ralph Hamers 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
President of the 
Executive Board 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Executive Officer of UBS 
Group AG; member of the Board of the 
Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce; 
member of the Institut International D'Etudes 
Bancaires; member of the IMD Foundation 
Board; member of the McKinsey Advisory 
Council; member of the World Economic 
Forum 
International 
Business 
Council; 
Governor of the World Economic Forum 
(Financial Services). 
Christian Bluhm 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Chief Risk Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Risk Officer of UBS Group AG; 
board member of UBS Switzerland AG; 
member of the Foundation Board of the UBS 
Pension Fund; member of the Foundation 
Board 
– 
International 
Financial 
Risk 
Institute. 
Mike Dargan 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Chief Digital and 
Information Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Chief Digital and Information Officer of UBS 
Group AG; President of the Executive Board 
and board member of UBS Business 
Solutions AG; member of the Board of 
Directors of Done Next Holdings AG; 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Inter-
Community School Zurich; member of the 
Board of Governors of the International 
Baccalaureate. 
Suni Harford 
UBS AG, 1285 
Avenue of the 
Americas, New 
York, NY 10019 
USA 
President Asset 
Management 
Member of the Executive Board and 
President Asset Management of UBS Group 
AG; chairman of the Board of Directors of 
UBS Asset Management AG; chair of the 
Board of UBS Optimus Foundation; member 
of the Leadership Council of the Bob 
Woodruff Foundation.  
Robert Karofsky 
UBS AG, 1285 
Avenue of the 
Americas, New 
York, NY 10019, 
USA 
President Investment 
Bank 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Chief Digital and Information Officer of UBS 
Group AG; President of the Executive Board 
and board member of UBS Business 
Solutions AG; member of the Board of 
Directors of Done Next Holdings AG; 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Inter-
Community School Zurich; member of the 
Board of Governors of the International 
Baccalaureate. 
Iqbal Khan 
Co-President Global 
Wealth Management 
and President UBS 
Member of the Executive Board, co-
President Global Wealth Management and 
President UBS Europe, Middle East and 
Africa of UBS Group AG; member of the

--- Page 130 ---
- 129 - 
Member and 
business address  
Function 
Current principal activities outside UBS 
AG 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Europe, Middle East 
and Africa 
Supervisory Board of UBS Europe SE; 
member of the board of UBS Optimus 
Foundation; board member of Room to Read 
Switzerland. 
Edmund Koh 
UBS AG, One 
Raffles Quay North 
Tower, Singapore 
048583 
President UBS Asia 
Pacific 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
President UBS Asia Pacific of UBS Group 
AG; member of a sub-committee of the 
Singapore Ministry of Finance's Committee 
on the Future Economy; member of the 
Financial Centre Advisory Panel of the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore; council 
member of the Asian Bureau of Finance and 
Economic Research; member of the Board of 
Trustees of the Wealth Management Institute, 
Singapore; board member of Next50 Limited, 
Singapore; board member of Medico Suites 
(S) Pte Ltd; trustee of the Cultural Matching 
Fund, Singapore; member of University of 
Toronto's International Leadership Council 
for Asia. 
Barbara Levi 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
General Counsel 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group General Counsel of UBS Group AG; 
member of the Employers' Board of the 
Global Institute for Women's Leadership, 
King's College London; member of the Board 
of Directors of the European General Counsel 
Association. 
Tom Naratil 
UBS AG, 1285 
Avenue of the 
Americas, New 
York, NY 10019 
USA 
Co-President Global 
Wealth Management 
and President UBS 
Americas 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
co-President Global Wealth Management and 
President UBS Americas of UBS Group AG; 
CEO and board member of UBS Americas 
Holding LLC; board member of the 
American Swiss Foundation; member of the 
Board of Ownership Works Inc. 
Markus Ronner 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Chief Compliance and 
Governance Officer 
Member of the Group Executive Board and 
Group Chief Compliance and Governance 
Officer of UBS Group AG; chairman of the 
Board of Directors UBS Switzerland AG. 
Sarah Youngwood 
UBS AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Chief Financial Officer  
Member of the Group Executive Board of 
UBS Group AG, and Group Chief Financial 
Officer; member of the Board of UBS 
Business Solutions AG; Advisory Board 
Member – Wall Street Women's Alliance. 
 
3.9 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Members of the BoD and the EB may act as directors or executive officers of other companies (for 
current principal positions outside UBS AG, if any, of BoD and EB members, please see sections 
4.1.1 and 4.2.1 above, respectively) and may have economic or other private interests that differ 
from those of UBS AG. Conflicts of interest may potentially arise from these positions or interests. 
For example, it cannot be excluded that a member of the BoD or EB has or will have a function 
within a company, the shares of which are or will be traded by UBS AG or which has or will have

--- Page 131 ---
- 130 - 
a business relationship with UBS AG. UBS AG is confident that its internal corporate governance 
practices and its compliance with relevant legal and regulatory provisions reasonably ensure that 
any conflicts of interest of the type described above are appropriately managed, including through 
disclosure when appropriate. 
Other than as indicated above, UBS is not aware of potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the Issuer of the members of the BoD and the EB and their private interests or other duties. 
4. 
Auditors 
Based on article 31 of the Articles of Association, UBS AG shareholders elect the auditors for a 
term of office of one year. At the AGMs of 27 April 2020, 7 April 2021 and 5 April 2022, Ernst & 
Young Ltd, Aeschengraben 27, 4051 Basel, Switzerland ("Ernst & Young") was elected as auditor 
for the consolidated and standalone financial statements of UBS AG for a one-year term. 
Ernst & Young is a member of EXPERTsuisse, the Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and 
Fiduciary. Ernst & Young is also registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority, 
which is responsible for the licensing and supervision of audit firms and individuals that provide 
audit services in Switzerland. 
5. 
Major Shareholders of UBS AG 
UBS Group AG owns 100 per cent. of the outstanding shares of UBS AG. UBS AG is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of UBS Group AG. While UBS has no specific corporate measures intended to 
prevent abuse of control to the detriment of minority shareholders, UBS has adopted a 
comprehensive and integrated governance framework which takes into account the specific 
requirements of each relevant jurisdiction. This governance framework includes separate articles 
of association and organisational regulations for UBS Group AG and UBS AG. In addition, as 
UBS AG is regulated as a bank in Switzerland, it is subject to capital regulation and close 
supervisory oversight. This includes the general requirement under Swiss law that contracts of 
UBS AG with affiliates are subject to an arm's length principle of negotiation. 
6. 
Financial Information concerning UBS AG's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and 
Profits and Losses 
6.1 
Historical Annual Financial Information 
Detailed information about UBS AG consolidated and UBS AG assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses for financial year 2021 is available in the section "UBS AG 
consolidated financial statements" of the Annual Report 2021 and in the Standalone Financial 
Statements 2021, respectively; and for financial year 2020 it is available in the "UBS AG 
consolidated financial statements" section of the Annual Report 2020 and in the Standalone 
Financial Statements 2020. The consolidated and standalone financial accounts are closed on 31 
December of each year. 
The annual financial reports form an essential part of UBS AG's reporting. They include the audited 
consolidated financial statements of UBS AG, prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The annual 
reports also include discussions and analysis of the consolidated financial and business results of 
UBS, its business divisions and Group Functions. In addition, UBS AG prepares and publishes 
standalone financial statements in accordance with Swiss GAAP, as well as certain additional 
disclosures required under US SEC regulations. 
6.2 
Auditing of Historical Annual Financial Information 
The consolidated financial statements and the standalone financial statements of UBS AG for the 
financial years 2021 and 2020 were audited by Ernst & Young. The reports of the auditors on the 
consolidated financial statements can be found on pages 422-428 (inclusive) of the Annual Report 
2021 and on pages 417-428 (inclusive) of the Annual Report 2020. The reports of the auditors on 
the standalone financial statements of UBS AG can be found on pages 37-42 (inclusive) of the 
Standalone Financial Statements 2021 and on pages 34-39 (inclusive) of the Standalone Financial 
Statements 2020.

--- Page 132 ---
- 131 - 
There are no qualifications in the auditors' reports on the consolidated financial statements of UBS 
AG and the standalone financial statements of UBS AG for the years ended on 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, which are incorporated by reference into this document. 
6.3 
Interim Financial Information 
Reference is also made to the UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report and the UBS AG First Quarter 
2022 Report, which contain information on the financial condition and results of operations, 
including the interim financial statements, of UBS Group AG consolidated and UBS AG 
consolidated, respectively, as of and for the period ended 31 March 2022. The interim consolidated 
financial statements are not audited. 
6.4 
Incorporation by Reference 
The UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report, the UBS AG First Quarter 2022 Report, the Annual 
Report 2021, the Standalone Financial Statements 2021, the Annual Report 2020, and the 
Standalone Financial Statements 2020, are fully incorporated in, and form an integral part of, this 
document. 
6.5 
Litigation, Regulatory and Similar Matters 
UBS operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to significant litigation and 
similar risks arising from disputes and regulatory proceedings. As a result, UBS is involved in 
various disputes and legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration, and regulatory and 
criminal investigations. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome and the 
timing of resolution are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case. The 
uncertainties inherent in all such matters affect the amount and timing of any potential outflows 
for both matters with respect to which provisions have been established and other contingent 
liabilities. Litigation, regulatory and similar matters may also result in non-monetary penalties and 
consequences. A guilty plea to, or conviction of, a crime could have material consequences for 
UBS. Resolution of regulatory proceedings may require UBS to obtain waivers of regulatory 
disqualifications to maintain certain operations, may entitle regulatory authorities to limit, suspend 
or terminate licenses and regulatory authorisations and may permit financial market utilities to 
limit, suspend or terminate UBS's participation in such utilities. Failure to obtain such waivers, or 
any limitation, suspension or termination of licenses, authorisations or participations, could have 
material consequences for UBS. 
Specific litigation, regulatory and other matters, including all such matters that management 
considers to be material and others that management believes to be of significance due to potential 
financial, reputational and other effects, are described in "Note 15 Provisions and contingent 
liabilities" to the UBS AG unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included in the UBS 
AG First Quarter 2022 Report. The amount of damages claimed, the size of a transaction or other 
information is provided where available and appropriate in order to assist users in considering the 
magnitude of potential exposures. 
The specific litigation, regulatory and other matters described in "Note 15 Provisions and 
contingent liabilities" to the UBS AG unaudited interim consolidated financial statements included 
in the UBS AG First Quarter 2022 Report include all such matters that management considers to 
be material and others that management believes to be of significance due to potential financial, 
reputational and other effects as described therein. The proceedings indicated below are matters 
that have recently been considered material, but are not currently considered material, by UBS. 
Except as disclosed in this prospectus, there is no litigation of which the Issuer is aware that may 
have, or has had during the 12 months prior to the date of this prospectus, a major impact on the 
financial position of UBS AG and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Belgium cross-borders investigation:  In 2016, UBS was notified by the Belgian investigating 
judge that it was under formal investigation ("inculpé") regarding the allegations of laundering of 
proceeds of tax fraud, banking and financial solicitation by unauthorised persons, and serious tax 
fraud. In November 2021, the Council Chamber approved a settlement with the Brussels 
Prosecution Office for EUR 49 million without recognition of guilt with regard to the allegations

--- Page 133 ---
- 132 - 
of banking and financial solicitation by unauthorised persons and serious tax fraud. The allegation 
of laundering of proceeds of tax fraud was dismissed. 
6.6 
Material Contracts 
No material contracts have been entered into outside of the ordinary course of UBS AG's or UBS 
AG Group's business which could result in any member of the UBS AG Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to UBS AG's ability to meet its obligations to the investors 
in relation to the issued securities. 
6.7 
Significant Changes in the Financial Position and Performance; Material Adverse Change in 
Prospects 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of UBS AG 
Group since 31 March 2022, which is the end of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of UBS AG or UBS AG Group since 
31 December 2021. 
7. 
Share Capital 
As reflected in the Articles of Association most recently registered with the Commercial Register 
of the Canton of Zurich and the Commercial Register of Basel-City, UBS AG has (i) fully paid 
and issued share capital of CHF 385,840,846.60, divided into 3,858,408,466 registered shares with 
a par value of CHF 0.10 each (article 4), and (ii) conditional capital in the amount of CHF 
38,000,000, comprising 380,000,000 registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.10 each that can 
be issued upon the voluntary or mandatory exercise of conversion rights and/or warrants (article 
4a). 
8. 
Documents Available 
The most recent Articles of Association of UBS AG are available on UBS's Corporate Governance 
website, at https://www.ubs.com/global/en/our-firm/suppliers/governance.html. Save as otherwise 
indicated herein, information on or accessible through the Group's corporate website, 
www.ubs.com, does not form part of and is not incorporated into this document.

--- Page 134 ---
- 133 - 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes which are issued under the Prospectus Regulation 
regime will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II], EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]4] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]5]. 
[Consider any negative target market]6. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
 
4 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
5 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
6 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]."

--- Page 135 ---
- 134 - 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]7. [Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services]8[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]9]. [Consider any negative target market]10. Any [distributor / person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] 11 Any 
[distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]] 
 
7 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]." 
8 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
9 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
10 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]." 
11 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]."

--- Page 136 ---
- 135 - 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 
[The Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplements to it dated [•]] were filed with [SIX 
Exchange Regulation Ltd] as a review body (the "Swiss Review Body") pursuant to article 52 of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the "FinSA") for automatic recognition as an approved 
base prospectus (within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA) in accordance with article 54(2) of the 
FinSA, and published in accordance with the FinSA. The Swiss Review Body has not reviewed or approved 
the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] or these Final Terms. These Final Terms will be filed with the 
Swiss Review Body and published in accordance with the FinSA.]12 
The Final Terms dated [•] 
UBS AG, acting through its [head offices in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the Euro Note Programme 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned under Distribution - Public Offer in Part B below, 
provided such person is a Dealer, Manager or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the 
Base Prospectus (as defined below)) and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified 
for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are 
complied with; or 
[(ii)] 
otherwise circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.]13 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" for the purpose of these Final Terms means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, to the extent implemented in the relevant Member State of the EEA, and includes any relevant 
implementing measure in the relevant Member State.]14 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplements to it dated [•]] (the 
"Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus 
Regulation/Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")]. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [(including the supplements)] [is] [are] 
available for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be obtained from the 
offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, One Canada Square, London 
E14 5AL, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 
rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, 4th 
Floor, Hanover Building, Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
 
12 
Insert in the case of SIX Swiss Exchange listed Notes. All non-applicable Prospectus Regulation 
language will be removed for exempt issuances. 
13 
Include the wording where a retail issuance of Notes is anticipated. 
14 
Include the wording where a retail issuance of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 137 ---
- 136 - 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [1 July 2005 / 3 
July 2006 / 4 July 2007 / 4 July 2008 / 20 April 2009 / 27 August 2009 / 25 August 2010 / 25 August 2011 
/ 27 June 2012 / 25 June 2013 / 24 June 2014 / 22 June 2015 / 22 June 2016 / 31 May 2017 / 31 May 2017 
(and the supplement to it dated 25 August 2017) / 31 May 2018 / 7 June 2019 / 5 June 2020 / 21 May 2021 
/ 21 May 2021 and the supplement to it dated 30 July 2021)] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation/ Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation ")] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]], in order to obtain all the relevant information 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), save in respect of the General Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the Base 
Prospectus dated [1 July 2005 / 3 July 2006 / 4 July 2007 / 4 July 2008 / 20 April 2009 / 27 August 2009 / 
25 August 2010 / 25 August 2011 / 27 June 2012 / 25 June 2013 / 24 June 2014 / 22 June 2015 / 22 June 
2016 / 31 May 2017 / 31 May 2017 (and the supplement to it dated 25 August 2017) / 31 May 2018 / 7 
June 2019 / 5 June 2020 / 21 May 2021 / 21 May 2021 (and the supplement to it dated 30 July 2021)] [and 
the supplement(s) to it dated [•]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectuses 
[(including the supplement(s) dated [•])] are available for viewing at the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin")] and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, 4th Floor, Hanover Building, 
Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance 
for completing these Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer:  
UBS AG, acting through its [head offices in 
Basel and Zurich][[•] branch] 
2.
(i) 
Series Number:  
[number/year, e.g. 1/00] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[number, e.g. 1] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:  
Not 
Applicable 
/ 
The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] 
on the [Issue Date/[specify date]] 
3.
Specified Currenc[y]/[ies]:  
[•] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
(i) 
Series:  
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche:  
[•] 
5.
Issue Price:  
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[currency/amount for each denomination]

--- Page 138 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[currency/amount for each denomination] 
 
 
[Notes which may be listed on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to 
listing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and/or admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any other listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system situated or operating in a member state of 
the European Union may not have a minimum 
denomination of less than €1,000 (or nearly 
equivalent in another currency).] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:  
[•] 
7.
(i) 
Trade Date:  
[day/month/year] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date:  
[day/month/year] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[day/month/year] 
8.
Maturity Date:  
[day/month/year] / [For Floating Rate Notes, 
insert:  the Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]]15 
9.
Interest Basis:  
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded 
Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / 
[STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / 
[SARON Compounded] +/- [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13/14/15/16/17] below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11.
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call] 
12.
(i) 
Status of the Notes:  
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
[Date [Board/Group Treasurer] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
 
15 
Note that for Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 139 ---
- 138 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  
[•]16 per Calculation Amount:  
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for calculating 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[Include this item for Renminbi Notes only:  The 
Agent/[•] shall be the Calculation Agent]] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount:  
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] [insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Interest Period and Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, 
rather than Interest Payment Dates will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise select "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[[insert details of the dates on which interest will 
be paid]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention 
is the FRN Convention, the Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, select 
"Not Applicable".) 
 
16 
For Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, the following alternative wording is appropriate:  "Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest RMB0.01, 
RMB0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, for the case of Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes to the nearest HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards."

--- Page 140 ---
- 139 - 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[FRN Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s) and, if 
applicable, for the purposes of 
Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes)):  
[Agent/U.S. 
Bank 
Trust 
National 
Association/other] 
 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option:  
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR 
(if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-
EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / 
GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index 
/ HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity:  
[•] 
 
(d) 
Reset Date(s):  
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(e) 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(f) 
Compounding Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 141 ---
- 140 - 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(g) 
Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(h) 
[Averaging Method]:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(i) 
Index Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(j) 
Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded 
Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / 
[STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / 
[SARON Compounded]  
 
(b) 
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[•] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(g) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period:  
[[•] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where 
Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable, due to the potential application of the 
provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR 
Notes as a result of the proviso in the definition 
of "Compounded Daily SOFR" in Condition 
6(b)(iv)(E).) 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
15.
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates on and 
prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date:  
[•] in each year, from (and including) [•]] to (and 
including) the Floating Rate Commencement 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  
17[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each 
Interest Payment Date to (and including) the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date 18[, except 
for the Interest Payment Date falling on [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount:  
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[•] [insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts that do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]] 
 
17 
For Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, the following alternative wording is appropriate:  "Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest RMB0.01, 
RMB0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, for the case of Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes to the nearest HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards." 
18 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 143 ---
- 142 - 
 
(v) 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date:  
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
[[•] [and the Maturity Date] [, as adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Period(s):  
[•][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded 
Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / 
[STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / 
[SARON Compounded]  
 
(b) 
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[•] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation Method: 
 
 
Lag Period: 
 
Observation 
Shift Period:  
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(g) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period:  
[[•] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where 
Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable, due to the potential application of the 
provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR 
Notes as a result of the proviso in the definition 
of "Compounded Daily SOFR" in Condition 
6(b)(iv)(E).) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Floating Rate of 
Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Floating Rate of 
Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention:  
Fixed Rate of Interest:  Not Applicable

--- Page 144 ---
- 143 - 
Floating Rate of Interest:  [Following Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] / [FRN Convention] / [Floating Rate 
Convention] / [Eurodollar Convention] / [other] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [other – give details] 
 
(xiv) 
Calculation Agent (including 
Specified Office):  
[insert 
name 
of 
Calculation 
Agent]
[insert Specified Office] / 
16.
(i)          Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and SOFR 
Notes, please always select 'Not applicable') 
(ii)         Benchmark Event -   
Discontinuation Version: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and SOFR 
Notes, please always select 'Not applicable') 
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price:  
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not 
Applicable] 
19.
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption on event of default or 
other early redemption and/or the 
method of calculating the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tax Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount  / 
other] [If the Notes are redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7(b), then the Tax Redemption 
Amount will be [•] (insert details)] 
20.
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Fair Market Value): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(c) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i)          Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
35 days' notice / [•]]

--- Page 145 ---
- 144 - 
21.
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call):  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(d) is applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in 
the period from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date:  
[•]/ [Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding 
[•]]/[[•](the 
"Par 
Redemption 
Date")] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
35 days' notice / [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[•] 
 
(v) 
Higher Redemption Amount:  
[•] 
22.
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption):  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(e) is applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Dates(s):  
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond(s):  
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reinvestment Margin:  
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Reinvestment Rate Determination 
Date:  
[•] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time:  
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
35 days' notice / [•]] 
23.
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(g) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date:  
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions:  
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice / [•]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24.
[Applicability of Condition 8(f) 
(Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity) (insert in the case of Renminbi 
Notes only):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 146 ---
- 145 - 
25.
Form of Notes:  
Registered Notes19:  
 
 
[[Unrestricted Global Note] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg [and Clearstream Frankfurt]/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[[Restricted Global Note] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC]] 
[Unified Global Note] 
 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes] 
26.
New Global Note:  
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
27.
New Safekeeping Structure:  
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
28.
Business Days:  
[•]20 
 
 
[•]21 
29.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):  
[Yes. The talons mature on [•] / No.] 
30.
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[As per the General Terms and Conditions/the 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply] 
31.
Condition 14(c):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]22  
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduction inaccurate or misleading.] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the Notes described herein to be [listed on the 
official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin/admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market]/[admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange]/[•] pursuant to the Euro Note Programme of UBS AG.] 
 
 
19 
Notes may be issued in bearer form also, subject to the receipt of written pre-approval by the UBS 
Group Tax-Americas. 
Optional wording for Bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
20 
Insert the relevant financial centre. 
21 
Insert the relevant currency. 
22 
Will be applicable for Swiss Notes.

--- Page 147 ---
- 146 - 
Signed on behalf of UBS AG [, acting through its [head office in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch]], as Issuer: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 148 ---
- 147 - 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Luxembourg/Ireland/SIX Swiss Exchange] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of [the 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin] 
with effect from [on or about] [•]. [The Notes have 
been provisionally admitted to trading on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange with effect from [on or about] [•], 
and application will be made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange.  
The last trading day of the Notes is expected to be 
two SIX Swiss Exchange business days prior to 
Maturity Date.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading: ) 
[The original Notes were admitted to trading on [the 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin] 
and admitted to the official list of [Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin] on [•]. 
2.
RATINGS 
 
[[The Notes [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]]:  
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited:  
[•]] 
 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH:  
[•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.:  
[•]] 
 
[Scope Ratings AG:  
[•]] 
 
[[Other]*:  
[•]] 
 
*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified - for 
example "S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited", rather than just Standard and Poor's. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website https://www.esma.europa.eu/]. [The 
rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part

--- Page 149 ---
- 148 - 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority/European Securities and Markets Authority]. [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/]. [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/ [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of 
these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website https://www.esma.europa.eu/]. [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], 
which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/ [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the FCA website 
www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras. [The rating [•] has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA 
/ European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has

--- Page 150 ---
- 149 - 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [[•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
End of options 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, 
in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia ("Corporations 
Act") and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in respect of 
whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, and (b) who is 
otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled 
to receive the Base Prospectus or these Final Terms and anyone who receives the Base 
Prospectus and these Final Terms must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to 
receive it.

--- Page 151 ---
- 150 - 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer [The 
[Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business]/[•]/Not Applicable] 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER/USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer/Use of 
Proceeds:  
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG 
Group, 
outside 
Switzerland 
unless 
use 
in 
Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation 
laws in force from time to time without payments in 
respect of the Notes becoming subject to 
withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding tax 
as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland (insert in the case of an issuance by a 
Branch)] / 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG 
Group (insert in the case of an issuance by the UBS 
Head Office)] / 
[The Notes are issued as Green Bonds and it is 
intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will 
use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issuance of the Notes to finance, refinance or 
otherwise maintain new and existing Eligible Assets 
(which can be identified on a Group-wide basis), as 
further described in the UBS Green Funding 
Framework [and below]. See "Use of Proceeds" in 
the [Base Prospectus / Base Listing Particulars][, as 
modified 
by 
this 
[Final 
Terms 
/ 
Pricing 
Supplement]23]. 
["UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the 
UBS green funding framework dated [•], available 
at www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the same may be 
updated, amended and/or replaced from time to 
time. None of the UBS Green Funding Framework, 
any other certification, report or opinion relating to 
the UBS Green Funding Framework and/or the 
Notes or the contents of any website referred to 
above are incorporated in or form part of this 
document. [As of [•], the Eligible Asset categories 
defined by the UBS Green Funding Framework are 
["green buildings", being mortgages provided to 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings 
certified, or to be certified, by the following green 
building certification systems: Minergie, Minergie-
 
23 
Insert if the below text reflects any relevant updates, amendments or other changes to the initial UBS 
Green Funding Framework as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section.

--- Page 152 ---
- 151 - 
P or Minergie-A 24 ; or any other equivalent 
certification system as determined by UBS / other] 
/ [•].]] 
If any Group-wide Eligible Assets that are allocated 
to the Notes for purposes of the UBS Green Funding 
Framework are held by one of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate new or 
existing funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary as 
funding for the maintenance of such Group-wide 
Eligible Assets. (insert in the case of an issuance of 
Green Bonds)] / 
[Other] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses/ 
Estimated total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading (Include this option for 
wholesale notes only)]:  
[•] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
5.
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield:  
[•] 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6.
[FLOATING RATE NOTES - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] 
/ [SONIA] / [SONIA Compounded Index]/ [SOFR] / [SOFR Index]/ [STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal 
Funds Rate] / [Swiss Average Rate Overnight] rates can be obtained from [Reuters/other].] 
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
CUSIP:  
[•] 
 
ISIN Code:  
[•] 
 
Common Code:  
[•] 
 
[FISN:  
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
24 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy 
consumption buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and 
the Principality of Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new 
buildings and refurbishments:  Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed 
requirements for certification, please visit www.minergie.ch.

--- Page 153 ---
- 152 - 
 
[CFI code:  
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
Swiss Valor:  
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Not Applicable] / 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered Notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper),][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] 
 
Any clearing system(s) and the relevant 
identification number(s) (if applicable): 
[Not Applicable] / [Euroclear Bank SA/NV / 
Clearstream Banking S.A. / Clearstream Banking 
AG / DTC/ SIX SIS AG [give name(s) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Principal Swiss Paying]25 Agent:  
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its 
London 
Branch]/[U.S. 
Bank 
Trust 
National 
Association]/[UBS 
AG]/[UBS 
Switzerland 
AG]/[UBS Europe SE]/[•] 
 
Registrar:  
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch]/[U.S. Bank Trust National 
Association]/[UBS 
AG]/[UBS 
Switzerland 
AG]/[UBS Europe SE]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
25 
Insert in the case of Swiss Notes.

--- Page 154 ---
- 153 - 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[Luxembourg Paying Agent:  The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch] 
[Irish Paying Agent:  The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch] 
8.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.) 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement:  
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] 
of Dealer:  
[UBS AG London Branch/[•]] 
 
[Total commission and concession:  
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions26:  
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market 
practice/TEFRA not applicable; Rule 144A] 
 
Withholding under Section 871(m):  
[Not Applicable]27 [The Notes are subject to U.S. 
federal withholding tax under Section 871(m).] 
[Additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available at [•]] 
 
Public Offer:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the "Public Offer Jurisdictions", "Offer 
Period", "Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with the conditions in it", "General Consent" items 
below and also paragraph [9] below) 
 
[Public Offer Jurisdictions:  
[Specify relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make the Public Offer (where the Base 
Prospectus lists the Public Offer Jurisdictions, 
 
26 
TEFRA may be applicable where Notes are issued in bearer form. In such cases written pre-approval 
by the UBS Group Tax-Americas is required. TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market 
practice should only be selected if the relevant legal requirements are met and UBS internal guidelines 
followed. 
27 
The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices 
considered to be "qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes 
and are issued prior to 1 January 2023. Delta-One Notes and Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 
1 January 2023 that reference a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to 
additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are Section 871(m) Notes.

--- Page 155 ---
- 154 - 
select from that list) which must therefore be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to 
the jurisdiction where approved and published)]] 
 
[Offer Period:  
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
(In Austria, the Notes may be offered for the first 
time only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian 
Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the 
Austrian 
Capital 
Market 
Act 
2019 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), as amended, has been 
filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement 
of the relevant offer of the Notes.)] 
 
[Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
conditions in it:  
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)]] 
 
[General Consent:  
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
[Other Authorised Offeror Terms:  
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms]. 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is Applicable)] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price:  
[Issue Price] [specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:  
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 156 ---
- 155 - 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place:  
[None /give details] 
 
[Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to act 
as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and 
offer rates and description of the main 
terms of their commitment: ] 
[None/give details] 
10.
BENCHMARKS 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[BBSW is provided by the Australian Securities 
Exchange]/[CDOR is provided by Thomson Reuters 
Benchmark Services Ltd] [EURIBOR is provided 
by the European Money Markets Institute]/[HIBOR 
is provided by the Hong Kong Association of 
Banks]/[NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS]/[The Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
is provided by SIX Index Ltd]/[SHIBOR is provided 
by the People's Bank of China]/[SOFR is provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York]/[SOFR 
Index is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York]/[SONIA is provided by the Bank of 
England]/[SONIA Compounded Index is provided 
by the Bank of England]/[SOR is provided by ABS 
Benchmarks Administration Co. Pte Ltd]/[STIBOR 
is 
provided 
by 
the 
Swedish 
Bankers 
Association]/[U.S. Federal Funds Rate is provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York]][repeat 
as necessary]. [[As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and

--- Page 157 ---
- 156 - 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]]]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
This summary relates to [insert description of Notes] described in the final terms (the "Final Terms") to 
which this summary is annexed. This summary contains that information from the summary set out in the 
Base Prospectus which is relevant to the Notes together with the relevant information from the Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
summary. 
[Insert completed summary by completing the relevant italicised items in the summary of the base 
prospectus as appropriate to the terms of the specific issue.]]28 
 
28 
Not required in case of a wholesale issuance of Notes.

--- Page 158 ---
- 157 - 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes which is not issued under the Prospectus 
Regulation regime will be substantially in the following form, duly completed, supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for 
completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
[(THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION")] FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II], EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]29] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]30]. 
[Consider any negative target market]31. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
 
29 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
30 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
31 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]

--- Page 159 ---
- 158 - 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]32. Any [person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [distributor / person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessmen't; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
[distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 
 
32 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]

--- Page 160 ---
- 159 - 
The Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
UBS AG, 
acting through its [head offices in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base listing particulars] for the purposes of [admission 
to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin/Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market/other non regulated market][the issue of unlisted 
Notes]]. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read 
in conjunction with such Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Listing Particulars [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars] [is] [are] [available for viewing at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, 4th Floor, Hanover Building, 
Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland.] [are available at UBS Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, 
P.O. Box CH-8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 
239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
[The Base Listing Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]] 
were filed with [SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd] as a review body (the "Swiss Review Body") pursuant to 
article 52 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the "FinSA") for automatic 
recognition as an approved base prospectus (within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA) in accordance 
with article 54(2) of the FinSA, and published in accordance with the FinSA. The Swiss Review Body has 
not reviewed or approved the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented] or this Pricing Supplement. 
This Pricing Supplement will be filed with the Swiss Review Body and published in accordance with the 
FinSA.]33 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated [original 
date] [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]]. This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of [admission to trading on the [Global 
Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF Market/other - please specify][the issue of unlisted Notes]] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [date]], save in respect of the General Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Listing Particulars dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]] [and 
are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the General Terms and Conditions and the Base Listing 
Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Listing Particulars dated [•]]. [The Base Listing 
Particulars 
[and 
the 
supplemental 
Listing 
Particulars] 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
[https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] and copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, The Bank of 
 
33 
Insert in the case of a public offering in Switzerland and/or application for admission to trading on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, if relying on automatic recognition in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA. 
In all other cases of a public offering in Switzerland and/or application for admission to trading on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, this paragraph to be updated as necessary.

--- Page 161 ---
- 160 - 
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building - Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, 4th Floor, Hanover Building, 
Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland.] [are available at UBS Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, 
P.O. Box CH-8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 
239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Italics denote guidance for 
completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
1.
Issuer:  
UBS AG, acting through its [head offices in Basel 
and Zurich][[•] branch] 
2.
(i) 
Series Number:  
[number/year, e.g. 1/00] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[number, e.g. 1] 
 
(ii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:  
Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on the [Issue Date/ 
[specify date]] 
3.
Specified Currenc[y]/[ies]:  
[•] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
(i) 
Series:  
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche:  
[•] 
5.
Issue Price:  
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[currency/amount for each denomination] 
 
 
[The Notes may be issued, traded and redeemed in 
integral multiples of currency/amount (e.g. 
US$1,000) subject to a minimum lot of 
currency/amount (e.g. US$100,000)] 
 
 
[Notes which may be listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and/or the 
Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any other listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system situated 
or operating in a member state of the European 
Union may not have a minimum denomination of 
less than €1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another 
currency).] 
 
 
[If the Notes will be issued in or into Australia, the 
denominations may be any amount provided that 
the minimum aggregate consideration payable by 
each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or the 
equivalent in another currency, in either case 
disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or to its 
associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise 
does not require disclosure to investors in 
accordance with Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia.]

--- Page 162 ---
- 161 - 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:  
[•] 
7.
(i) 
Trade Date:  
[day/month/year] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date:  
[day/month/year] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[day/month/year] 
8.
Maturity Date:  
[day/month/year] [For Floating Rate Notes, insert:  
the Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]34 
9.
Interest Basis:  
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded 
Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / 
[STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON 
Compounded]/ [other] +/- [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Index-linked Interest] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/17/18/19/20/21] below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Redemption at par, subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption / Partly Paid] 
 
 
[Index-linked Redemption] [Dual Currency] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
11.
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12.
Status of the Notes:   
[Senior/Subordinated] 
13.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained:  
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
14.
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
34 
Note that for Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 163 ---
- 162 - 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  
35 [•] per Calculation Amount [(s)]:  
 
(iv) 
[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amounts(s): ] 
[Include this item for Renminbi Notes only:  The 
Agent/[•] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] [insert particulars 
of any initial or final broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360/(Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA))/(Actual/365 (Fixed))/(any other)] 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes:   
[give details] 
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(Specified Interest Period and Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Interest Payment Dates will only be relevant 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise select "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[[insert details of the dates on which interest will 
be paid]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, the Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, select "Not Applicable".) 
 
35 
For Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, the following alternative wording is appropriate:  "Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, for the case of Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes to the nearest HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong dollar 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards."

--- Page 164 ---
- 163 - 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and, if applicable, for the 
purposes of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes)):  
Agent/[U.S. Bank Trust National Association] 
 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option:  
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / 
GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA 
/ JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity:  
[•] 
 
(d) 
Reset Date(s):  
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(e) 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(f) 
Compounding Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 165 ---
- 164 - 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(g) 
Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(h) 
[Averaging Method]:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(i) 
Index Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(j) 
Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded 
Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / 
[STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON 
Compounded]  
 
(b) 
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[•] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(g) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period:  
[[•] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed with 
the Calculation Agent) 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where 
Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable, due to the potential application of the 
provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR 
Notes as a result of the proviso in the definition of 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR" 
in 
Condition 
6(b)(iv)(E).) 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
(xii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the General Terms and 
Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement:  
[•] 
17.
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates on and 
prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date:  
[•] in each year, from (and including) [•]] to (and 
including) the Floating Rate Commencement Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  
36[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each 
Interest Payment Date to (and including) the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date37[, except for 
the Interest Payment Date falling on [•]] 
 
36 
For Hong Kong dollar-denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment, the following alternative wording is appropriate:  "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Fixed Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest HK$0.01 (HK$0.005 being rounded 
upwards)". 
37 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 167 ---
- 166 - 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount:  
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on [•] 
[insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts that do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date:  
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
[[•] [and the Maturity Date] [, as adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Period(s):  
[•][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / [SOR] / [Compounded 
Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] / 
[STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON 
Compounded]  
 
(b) 
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[•] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(g) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period:  
[[•] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed with 
the Calculation Agent) 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where 
Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable, due to the potential application of the 
provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR 
Notes as a result of the proviso in the definition of 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR" 
in 
Condition 
6(b)(iv)(E)) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Floating Rate of 
Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable

--- Page 168 ---
- 167 - 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Floating Rate of 
Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention:  
Fixed Rate of Interest:  Not Applicable 
Floating Rate of Interest:  [Following Business 
Day Convention] / [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] / [Modified Business Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] / [FRN Convention] / [Floating Rate 
Convention] / [Eurodollar Convention] / [other] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [other – give details] 
 
(xix) 
Calculation Agent (including 
Specified Office):  
[insert 
name 
of 
Calculation 
Agent]
[insert Specified Office] / 
 
(xx) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the General Terms and 
Conditions:  
[give details] / [Not Applicable] 
18.
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other 
than SOFR Notes)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and SOFR Notes, 
please always select 'Not applicable') 
 
(ii) 
Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation Version: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and SOFR Notes, 
please always select 'Not applicable') 
19.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] (in the case of Swiss 
Notes, please always select 'Not Applicable') 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price:  
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable:   
[e.g. consider whether it is necessary to specify an 
alternative Day Count Fraction]  
20.
Index-linked Note Provisions38:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/formula:  
[(give or annex details)] 
 
38 
Where there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or 
more securities in bearer form, such Index-linked Note may only be issued subject to the receipt of 
written pre-approval by UBS Group Tax-Americas.

--- Page 169 ---
- 168 - 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Agent):  
[Agent/U.S. 
Bank 
Trust 
National 
Association/other] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
coupon or redemption amount 
where calculation by reference 
to Index and/or formula is 
impossible or impracticable:  
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s):  
[•] 
 
(v) 
Specified Interest 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
[FRN Convention/Following 
Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following 
Business Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/other 
(give details)] 
 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[•]  
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[•]  
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Insert Day Count Fraction and if not defined in 
the Conditions, define it here.] 
21.
Dual Currency Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange:  
[(give details)] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rates(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(not the Agent):  
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable:  
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Person at whose option 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:  
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22.
Final Redemption Amount:39  
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not 
Applicable] 
[(i) 
Index/Formula/variable:  
[give or annex details]] 
 
39 
Where there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or 
more securities in bearer form, such Index-linked Note may only be issued subject to the receipt of 
written pre-approval by UBS Group Tax-Americas.

--- Page 170 ---
- 169 - 
[(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount:  
[•]] 
[(iii) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or other 
variable:  
[•]] 
[(iv) 
Determination Date(s):  
[•]] 
[(v) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted:  
[•]] 
[(vi) 
Payment Date:  
[•]] 
[(vii) 
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount]] 
23.
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption on event of default or 
other early redemption and/or the 
method of calculating the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tax Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount  / 
other] / [If the Notes are redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7(b), then the Tax Redemption 
Amount will be [•] (insert details)] 
24.
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Fair Market Value): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(c) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i)          Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
35 days' notice / [•]] 
25.
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call):  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(d) is applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in 
the period from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date:  
[•]/ [Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding 
[•]]/[[•](the 
"Par 
Redemption 
Date")]

--- Page 171 ---
- 170 - 
 
(iii)        Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
35 days' notice / [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[•] 
 
(v) 
Higher Redemption Amount:  
[•] 
26.
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Redemption):  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(e) is applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Dates(s):  
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond(s):  
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reinvestment Margin:  
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Reinvestment Rate Determination 
Date:  
[•] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time:  
[•] 
 
(vi)        Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
35 days' notice / [•]] 
27.
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(g) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date:  
[•] 
 
(iv)        Notice period if different from 
that set out in the General Terms 
and Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice / [•]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28.
[Applicability of Condition 8(f) 
(Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity) (insert in the case of 
Renminbi Notes only):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
29.
Form of Notes:  
Registered Notes40:  
 
40 
Notes may be issued in bearer form also, subject to the receipt of written pre-approval by the UBS 
Group Tax-Americas. 
Optional wording for bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[in the case of SIS Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch:  Bearer SIS Notes]

--- Page 172 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
[[Unrestricted Global Note] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
[and 
Clearstream Frankfurt]/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[[Restricted Global Note] registered in the name of 
a nominee for [DTC]] 
[Unified Global Note] 
 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes]41 
[Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
Any notice delivered by (or on behalf of) any 
Noteholder for purposes of electing to convert the 
Notes into Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes in 
accordance with Condition 2(c), shall be delivered 
to [insert name/contact details/any other relevant 
information]] 42 
30.
New Global Note:  
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
31.
New Safekeeping Structure:  
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
32.
Business Days:  
[Insert Financial Centres] 
 
 
[Insert Currencies – e.g. US$ and CHF] 
33.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):  
[Yes. The talons mature on [•] / No.] 
34.
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[As per the General Terms and Conditions/the 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply] 
35.
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
36.
Amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes 
and interest due on late payment:  
 
37.
Redenomination applicable:  
[Yes/No] 
[(specify any modifications)] 
38.
Exchangeability applicable:   
[Yes/No] 
[(specify any modifications)]  
39.
Condition 14(c):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]43 
40.
Other final terms or special conditions:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(No Bearer SIS Notes are to be issued by the Issuer acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich) 
41 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
42 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
43 
Will be applicable for Swiss Notes.

--- Page 173 ---
- 172 - 
[Where the Notes are to be issued into Australia 
(other than by UBS AG Australia Branch) and it is 
necessary or intended that the Notes should satisfy 
the requirements of Prudential Standard GPS 120, 
additional terms/provisions will need to be 
incorporated to ensure that the Notes are (1) in 
registered form, (2) evidenced by entries in a 
register kept in Australia, (3) cleared through the 
"Austraclear system", (4) constituted by an 
Australian law governed deed poll kept in 
Australia and (5) expressed to be payable in 
Australia except where prohibited by law.] 
41.
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[BBSW is provided by the Australian Securities 
Exchange]/[CDOR is provided by Thomson 
Reuters Benchmark Services Ltd] [EURIBOR is 
provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute]/[HIBOR is provided by the Hong Kong 
Association of Banks]/[NIBOR is provided by 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS]/[The Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is provided by SIX Index 
Ltd]/[SHIBOR is provided by the People's Bank of 
China]/[SOFR is provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York]/[SOFR Index is provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York]/[SONIA 
is provided by the Bank of England]/[SONIA 
Compounded Index is provided by the Bank of 
England]/[SOR is provided by ABS Benchmarks 
Administration Co. Pte Ltd]/[STIBOR is provided 
by the Swedish Bankers Association]/[U.S. 
Federal Funds Rate is provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York]][repeat as necessary]. 
[[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended]]]/ [Not Applicable] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for the Notes described herein [to be [listed 
on the official list and admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin's 
Global Exchange Market] [admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange] [specify any other non-regulated 
market] pursuant to the Euro Note Programme of UBS AG.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UBS AG [, acting through its [head office in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch]], as Issuer 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 174 ---
- 173 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Luxembourg 
– 
Euro 
MTF/Ireland 
Global 
Exchange Market/SIX Swiss Exchange/other 
(specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [•] with effect from [on or 
about] [•].] [The Notes have been provisionally 
admitted to trading with effect from [on or about] 
[•].] [The Notes have been provisionally admitted 
to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange with effect 
from [on or about] [•], and application will be 
made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange.  The las trading day of the 
Notes is expected to be two SIX Swiss Exchange 
business days prior to Maturity Date.] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Minimum trading size:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Required in case of Notes to be publicly offered in 
Switzerland and/or admitted to trading and listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange, if only multiple 
denominations can be traded) 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:  
The Notes have been rated:  
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited:  
[•]] 
 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH:  
[•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.:  
[•]] 
 
[[Other]*:  
[•]] 
 
*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified – 
for example "S&P Credit Market Services Europe Limited", rather than just Standard and 
Poor's. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) who is not a "retail client" 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia ("Corporations 
Act") and is also a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in respect of 
whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, and (b) who 
is otherwise permitted to receive credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any 
jurisdiction in which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled 
to receive the Base Listing Particulars or this Pricing Supplement and anyone who receives the

--- Page 175 ---
- 174 - 
Base Listing Particulars and this Pricing Supplement must not distribute it to any person who 
is not entitled to receive it. 
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement:  
 
[Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Listing Particulars, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer./[•]]] 
4.
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER/USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the Offer/Use of 
Proceeds:  
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG 
Group, outside Switzerland unless use in 
Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation 
laws in force from time to time without payments 
in respect of the Notes becoming subject to 
withholding or deduction for Swiss withholding 
tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland (insert in the case of an issuance by a 
Branch)] / 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or towards meeting the 
general financing requirements of the UBS AG 
Group (insert in the case of an issuance by the UBS 
Head Office)] / 
[The Notes are issued as Green Bonds and it is 
intended that the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will 
use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issuance of the Notes to finance, refinance or 
otherwise maintain new and existing Eligible 
Assets (which can be identified on a Group-wide 
basis), as further described in the UBS Green 
Funding Framework [and below]. See "Use of 
Proceeds" in the [Base Prospectus / Base Listing 
Particulars][, as modified by this [Final Terms / 
Pricing Supplement]44]. 
["UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the 
UBS green funding framework dated [•], available 
at www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the same may be 
updated, amended and/or replaced from time to 
time. None of the UBS Green Funding 
Framework, any other certification, report or 
opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding 
Framework and/or the Notes or the contents of any 
website referred to above are incorporated in or 
form part of this document. [As of [•], the Eligible 
Asset categories defined by the UBS Green 
 
44 
Insert if the below text reflects any relevant updates, amendments or other changes to the initial UBS 
Green Funding Framework as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section.

--- Page 176 ---
- 175 - 
Funding Framework are ["green buildings", being 
mortgages provided to new or existing commercial 
or residential buildings certified, or to be certified, 
by the following green building certification 
systems:  Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-A45; 
or any other equivalent certification system as 
determined by UBS / other] / [•].]] 
If any Group-wide Eligible Assets that are 
allocated to the Notes for purposes of the UBS 
Green Funding Framework are held by one of the 
Issuer's subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate 
new or existing funding by the Issuer to that 
subsidiary as funding for the maintenance of such 
Group-wide Eligible Assets. (insert in the case of 
an issuance of Green Bonds)] / 
[Other] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses:  
[•]] 
5.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement:  
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager (if any):  
[•] 
 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] 
of Dealer:  
[UBS AG London Branch] / [•] 
 
[Total commission and concession:  
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions46:  
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA D in accordance with usual 
Swiss market practice/TEFRA not applicable; 
Rule 144A] 
 
45  Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy 
consumption buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and 
the Principality of Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new 
buildings and refurbishments:  Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed 
requirements for certification, please visit www.minergie.ch.  
46 
TEFRA may be applicable where Notes are issued in bearer form or for Index-linked Notes where there 
is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more securities 
in bearer form. In such cases written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-Americas is required. 
TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market practice should only be selected if the relevant legal 
requirements are met and UBS internal guidelines followed.

--- Page 177 ---
- 176 - 
 
Withholding under Section 871(m):  
[Not Applicable]47[The Notes are subject to U.S. 
federal withholding tax under Section 871(m).] 
[Additional information regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available at 
[•]] 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Additional selling restrictions:   
[Not Applicable/give details]  
6.
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[•] 
has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduction inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
7.
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield:  
[•] 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
8.
[FLOATING RATE NOTES – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] / 
[SOR] / [SONIA] / [SONIA Compounded Index]/ [SOFR] / [SOFR Index]/ [STIBOR] / [U.S. 
Federal Funds Rate] / [Swiss Average Rate Overnight] / / [other] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/other].] 
9.
[INDEX-LINKED 
OR 
OTHER 
VARIABLE-LINKED 
NOTES 
ONLY 
– 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE, EXPLANATION OF 
 
47 
The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices 
considered to be "qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes 
and are issued prior to 1 January 2023. Delta-One Notes and Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 
1 January 2023 that reference a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to 
additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are Section 871(m) Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
- 177 - 
EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/other variable can be obtained and a clear and comprehensive explanation of 
how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the 
risks are most evident. [Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index 
and a description if composed by the Issuer and if the index is not composed by the Issuer need 
to include details of where the information about the index can be obtained. Where the 
underlying is an interest rate need to include a description of the interest rate. Where the 
underlying is a basket of underlyings need to include disclosure of the relative weightings of 
each underlying in the basket. Where the underlying is not an index, a security or an interest 
rate need to include equivalent information.] Need to include details of any adjustment rules 
with relation to events concerning the underlying.] 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
10.
[DUAL CURRENCY NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant 
rate[s] can be obtained and a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the 
investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most 
evident.] 
11.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
CUSIP:  
[•] 
 
ISIN Code:  
[•] 
 
Common Code:  
[•] 
 
[FISN:  
[•]] 
 
[CFI code:  
[•]] 
 
Swiss Valor:  
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Not Applicable] / 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered 
Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "*no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one

--- Page 179 ---
- 178 - 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper),][include 
this text for Registered Notes]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met] 
 
Any clearing system(s) and the relevant 
identification number(s) (if applicable):  
[Not Applicable]/ [Euroclear Bank SA/NV / 
Clearstream Banking S.A. / Clearstream Banking 
AG / DTC / SIX SIS Ltd / [give name(s) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Principal Swiss Paying]48 Agent:  
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its 
London Branch]/[U.S. Bank Trust National 
Association]/[UBS 
AG]/[UBS 
Switzerland 
AG]/[UBS Europe SE]/[•] 
 
Registrar:  
[Not Applicable]/[The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch]/[U.S. Bank Trust 
National 
Association]/[UBS 
AG]/[UBS 
Switzerland AG]/[UBS Europe SE]/[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[Luxembourg Paying Agent:  The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch] 
[Irish Paying Agent:  The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch] 
 
[Agency Agreement:  
[The 
Uncertificated 
Swiss 
Note 
Agency 
Agreement dated [•]][The Supplemental Agency 
Agreement dated [•]]]49 
 
 
48 
Insert in the case of Swiss Notes. 
49 
Insert in the case of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes.

--- Page 180 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 179 - 
PRO FORMA ALTERNATIVE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Notes which is not issued under the Prospectus 
Regulation regime will be substantially in the following form, duly completed, supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for 
completing the Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, (THE 
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION") SHALL BE PRODUCED WITH RESPECT TO THESE 
NOTES. ANY OFFER MUST BE COMPLIANT WITH ARTICLE 1(4) OF THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION AND ANY SELLING RESTRICTIONS. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / [Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II], EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]50] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]51]. 
 
50 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued. 
51 
This list may not be necessary (especially for non-complex Notes where all channels of distribution 
may be deemed appropriate) or, if this list is necessary, it may need to be amended to reflect the 
appropriate target market for the Notes being issued.

--- Page 181 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 180 - 
[Consider any negative target market]52. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]53. Any [person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [distributor / person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].] / [Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
[distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]] 
 
52 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted] 
53 
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included:  "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [details to be inserted]"

--- Page 182 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 181 - 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 
The Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
UBS AG, 
acting through its [head offices in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] due [•] 
under the UBS AG Euro Note Programme 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been prepared 
on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer 
in that Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]] [,which [together] constitute[s] a base listing particulars] for the purposes of 
[admission to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin /the Euro MTF Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange /the Vienna MTF Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange/other non regulated 
market][the issue of unlisted Notes]]. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes 
described herein and must be read in conjunction with such Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Listing Particulars [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars] [is] [are] [available for viewing at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin / other – please specify] and copies may be obtained from the 
offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, One Canada Square, London 
E14 5AL, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 
rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, 4th 
Floor, Hanover Building, Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland.] [are available at UBS Investment Bank, a 
business division of UBS AG, P.O. Box CH-8001, Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered by telephone 
(+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 239 69 14) or by e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Noteholders should read and understand the risk 
factors in the Base Listing Particulars. Noteholders should understand that such risk factors are not 
exhaustive. 
The Notes have not and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or any state securities laws in the United States and are being offered and sold 
outside the United States to non-US persons (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) in reliance on the exemption from registration provided pursuant to Regulation S. 
The Notes (a) may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to the account 
of any US Person (as defined in Regulation S) and (b) may be offered, sold or otherwise transferred only 
to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission). Notes sold in reliance on Regulation S will initially be represented by one or more permanent

--- Page 183 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 182 - 
global notes in registered form without interest coupons (each, a "Regulation S Global Note"), deposited 
with or on behalf of a common depository for Euroclear or Clearstream. Beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, except in the limited circumstances 
described in the Base Listing Particulars. Investors may hold their interests in a Regulation S Global Note 
directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through 
organizations which are participants in such systems. 
Issue Price and Commissions 
The Issue Price in respect of the Notes may not be an accurate reflection of the market value of the Notes 
as at the Issue Date. The price at which the Notes may be sold in secondary market transactions may be 
lower or higher than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price in respect of the Notes may take into 
account, amongst other things, any commissions, fees or other compensation payable in connection with 
the Notes. More generally, fees and commissions may be paid to third parties in respect of the Notes – 
further details can be requested from the Issuer. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 
[original date] [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars dated [•]]. This document constitutes 
the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of [admission to trading on the 
[Global Exchange Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market/other – please specify][the issue of unlisted Notes]] and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base 
Listing Particulars dated [date]], save in respect of the General Terms and Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Listing Particulars dated [original date] [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]] [and are attached hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the General Terms 
and Conditions and the Base Listing Particulars dated 26 May 2022 [and the supplemental Base Listing 
Particulars dated [•]]. [The Base Listing Particulars [and the supplemental Base Listing Particulars] 
are available for viewing at [https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin / other – please specify]] and 
copies may be obtained from the offices of The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch, 4th Floor, Hanover Building, Windmill Lane, Dublin 2, 
Ireland.] [are available at UBS Investment Bank, a business division of UBS AG, P.O. Box CH-8001, 
Zurich, Switzerland, or can be ordered by telephone (+41 44 239 47 03), fax (+41 44 239 69 14) or by 
e-mail to swiss-prospectus@ubs.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A)/to be deleted. Italics denote 
guidance for completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
Product Structure 
[The Note is a product that offers Investors [•] Interest payments. The Rate of Interest is [•]. Investors will 
receive [•]/[100] per cent. of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount in cash on the Maturity Date.] 
Main Details 
 
Issuer:  
UBS AG acting out of its [[•] branch] [head offices in Basel and 
Zurich]  
Issuer's rating:  
[•] Moody's Deutschland GmbH / [•] S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited / [•] Fitch Ratings Ltd / [•] Scope Ratings AG / [[•] 
[other]]*(as of [insert day when the rating was checked])

--- Page 184 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 183 - 
Main Details 
 
* The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the 
rating should be specified – for example "S&P Credit Market 
Services Europe Limited", rather than just Standard and Poor's. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
In Australia, credit ratings are for distribution only to a person (a) 
who is not a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia ("Corporations Act") and is also 
a sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in 
respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of 
the Corporations Act, and (b) who is otherwise permitted to receive 
credit ratings in accordance with applicable law in any jurisdiction in 
which the person may be located. Anyone who is not such a person 
is not entitled to receive the Base Listing Particulars or this Pricing 
Supplement and anyone who receives the Base Listing Particulars 
and this Pricing Supplement must not distribute it to any person who 
is not entitled to receive it.] 
Status:  
[Senior / Subordinated] 
[Series Number:  
[number/year, e.g. 1/00]] 
[Tranche Number:  
[number, e.g. 1]] 
Security Numbers:  
ISIN:  
[•] 
Valor:  
[•] 
WKN:  
[•] 
Common 
Code:  
[•] 
 
[FISN:  
[•]] 
[CFI Code:  
[•]] 
 
CUSIP:  
[•] 
 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[•] 
Specified Denominations / 
Nominal:   
[currency / amount for each denomination] [and integral multiples of 
[CCY] [•] in excess thereof] 
[The Notes may be issued, traded or redeemed in integral multiples 
of currency/amount (e.g. US$1,000) subject to a minimum lot of 
currency/amount (e.g. US$100,000)] 
[Notes which may be listed on the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin and/or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system situated or operating in a member state of the European

--- Page 185 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 184 - 
Main Details 
 
Union may not have a minimum denomination of less than €1,000 (or 
nearly equivalent in another currency).] 
[If the Notes will be issued in or into Australia, the denominations 
may be any amount provided that the minimum aggregate 
consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or the 
equivalent in another currency, in either case disregarding moneys 
lent by the offeror or to its associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with 
Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia.] 
Calculation Amount:  
[•] 
Issue Price:  
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
Specified Currenc[y]/[ies]:  
[•] 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
Dates 
 
Pricing Date:  
[•] 
Trade Date:  
[day/month/year] 
Issue Date:  
[day/month/year] 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[day/month/year] 
[Interest Payment Date(s):  
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes only] in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted]] 
Redemption Date / Maturity 
Date:  
[day/month/year] [For Floating Rate Notes, insert:  the Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]]54  
[Optional Redemption 
Date(s):  
[•] / {Any date from and including [•] to but excluding [•]} 
 
 
Information on Underlying 
 
[ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
54 
Note that for Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary to use the second option here.

--- Page 186 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 185 - 
Dates 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option:  
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-
EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-
SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
(c) 
Designated Maturity:  
[•] 
(d) 
Reset Date(s):  
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
(e) 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(f) 
Compounding Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [•] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
(g) 
Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(h) 
[Averaging Method]:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [•]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
(i) 
Index Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 187 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 186 - 
Dates 
 
(j) 
Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[Screen Rate Determination:  
 
(a) 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] 
/ [SOR] / [Compounded Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] 
/ [STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON Compounded]  
(b) 
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[•] 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Observation Method:  
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
 
Lag Period:  
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift Period:  
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
(g) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period:  
[[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable, due to the potential application of 
the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR Notes as a 
result of the proviso in the definition of "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
in Condition 6(b)(iv)(E).) 
[Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/any other]] 
 
Interest Rate 
 
[Interest Basis:  
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] 
/ [SOR] / [Compounded Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR]

--- Page 188 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 187 - 
Interest Rate 
 
/ [STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON Compounded]/ 
[other] +/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index-linked Interest] 
[Other (specify)] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)]] 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Fixed Interest Rate:  
[•] per cent. per annum] 
[Fixed Interest Rate Amount per 
Calculation Amount:  
Fixed Interest Rate x Day Count Fraction x Calculation Amount] 
[[Party responsible for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amounts(s): ] 
[Include this item for Renminbi Notes only:  The Agent/[•] shall be 
the Calculation Agent]] 
[Broken Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [•] [insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)]] 
[Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360/(Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA))/(Actual/365 (Fixed))/(any 
other)]] 
[Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes:  
[give details]]] 
[Indication of yield:  
[•]] 
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Specified Period:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(Specified Interest Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest Payment Dates 
will only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise select "Not Applicable".) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[[insert details of the dates on which interest will be paid]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 189 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 188 - 
Interest Rate 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, the Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, select "Not Applicable".) 
Business Day Convention:  
[FRN Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day/Not Applicable] 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and, if applicable, for the 
purposes of Condition 6(f) 
(Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating 
Rate Notes (other than SOFR 
Notes)):  
[Agent/U.S. Bank Trust National Association/other] 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Floating Rate Option:  
[CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-
EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-
SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
Designated Maturity:  
[•] 
Reset Date(s):  
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Compounding Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [•] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 190 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 189 - 
Interest Rate 
 
Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[Averaging Method]:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [•]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
Index Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  [•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] 
/ [SOR] / [Compounded Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] 
/ [STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON Compounded]  
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[•] 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
Observation Method:  
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
 
Lag Period:  
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift 
Period:  
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
Observation Look-Back Period:  
[[•] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed with the Calculation 
Agent)

--- Page 191 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 190 - 
Interest Rate 
 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable, due to the potential application of 
the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR Notes as a 
result of the proviso in the definition of "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
in Condition 6(b)(iv)(E)) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/ [Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the General Terms and 
Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement:   
[•] 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
section) 
Fixed Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum 
Interest Payment Dates on and 
prior to the Floating Rate 
Commencement Date:  
[•] in each year, from (and including) [•]] to (and including) the 
Floating Rate Commencement Date 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  
55[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each Interest Payment Date 
to (and including) the Floating Rate Commencement Date56[, except 
for the Interest Payment Date falling on [•]] 
Broken Amount:  
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [•] [insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts that do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]] 
Floating Rate Commencement 
Date:  
[•] 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
[[•] [and the Maturity Date] [, as adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
55 
For Hong Kong dolar-denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment, the following alternative wording is appropriate:  "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Fixed Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest HK$0.01 (HK$0.005 being rounded 
upwards)". 
56 
Insert in the case of any Broken Amount.

--- Page 192 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 191 - 
Interest Rate 
 
Specified Period(s):  
[•][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention] / 
[Not Applicable] 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate:  
[BBSW] / [CDOR] / [EURIBOR] / [HIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [SHIBOR] 
/ [SOR] / [Compounded Daily SONIA] / [Compounded Daily SOFR] 
/ [STIBOR] / [U.S. Federal Funds Rate] / [SARON Compounded]  
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[•] 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
Specified Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
Observation Method:  
[Lag]/[Shift]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(Only applicable for SONIA Notes) 
 
Lag Period:  
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift 
Period:  
[[•] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Lag Period and Observation Shift Period to be agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
Observation Look-Back Period:  
[[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Look-Back Period to be agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
(N.B. Include for all SOFR Notes, even where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable, due to the potential application of 
the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iv)(B) to such SOFR Notes as a 
result of the proviso in the definition of "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
in Condition 6(b)(iv)(E).) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
Minimum Floating Rate of 
Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
Maximum Floating Rate of 
Interest:  
[•]/Not Applicable 
Business Day Convention:  
Fixed Rate of Interest:  Not Applicable 
Floating Rate of Interest:  [Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / [Floating Rate Convention] / [Eurodollar 
Convention] / [other] 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / [Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [other – give details]

--- Page 193 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 192 - 
Interest Rate 
 
Calculation Agent (including 
Specified Office):  
[insert name of Calculation Agent] 
[insert Specified Office] / 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate/Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the General Terms and 
Conditions:  
[give details] / [Not Applicable] 
[Benchmark Replacement 
(Condition 6(f) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate/Floating Rate Notes 
(other than SOFR Notes)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and SOFR Notes, please always 
select 'Not applicable') 
Benchmark Event - 
Discontinuation Version: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and SOFR Notes, please always 
select 'Not applicable') 
[Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (in the case of Swiss Notes, please 
always select 'Not applicable')] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Accrual Yield:  
[•] per cent. per annum] 
[Reference Price:  
[•]] 
[Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable:  
[e.g. consider whether it is necessary to specify an alternative Day 
Count Fraction]]  
[Index-linked Note 
Provisions57:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Index/formula:  
[(give or annex details)] 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Agent):  
[Agent/U.S. Bank Trust National Association/other] 
Provisions for determining 
coupon or redemption amount 
where calculation by reference 
to Index and/or formula is 
impossible or impracticable:  
[•] 
 
57 
Where there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or 
more securities in bearer form, such Index Linked Note may only be issued subject to the receipt of 
written pre-approval by UBS Group Tax-Americas.

--- Page 194 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 193 - 
Interest Rate 
 
Interest Period(s):  
[•] 
Specified Interest 
[•] 
[FRN Convention/Following 
Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following 
Business Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/other 
(give details)] 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[•]  
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[•]  
Day Count Fraction:  
[Insert Day Count Fraction and if not defined in the Conditions, 
define it here.] 
[Performance of 
index/formula/other variable, 
explanation of effect on value of 
investment and associated risks 
and other information 
concerning the underlying:  
[•]] 
[The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify 
what information will be reported and where it can be obtained]] 
[does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
[Dual Currency Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not applicable]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange:  
[(give details)]] 
[Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rates(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(not the Agent):  
[•]] 
[Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable:  
[•]] 
[Person at whose option 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:  
[•]] 
[Performance of rate[s] of 
exchange and explanation of 
effect on value of investment:  
[•]] 
[Need to include details of 
where past and future 
performance and volatility of 
the relevant rate[s] can be 
obtained and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of 
how the value of the investment 
[•]]

--- Page 195 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 194 - 
Interest Rate 
 
is affected by the underlying 
and the circumstances when the 
risks are most evident:  
 
Redemption 
 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Index/Formula/variable:  
[give or annex details]] 
[(ii) 
Calculation Agent 
responsible for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount:  
[•]] 
[(iii) 
Provisions for 
determining Final 
Redemption Amount 
where calculated by 
reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or 
other variable:  
[•]] 
[(iv) 
Determination Date(s):  
[•]] 
[(v) 
Provisions for 
determining Final 
Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is 
impossible or 
impracticable or 
otherwise disrupted:  
[•]] 
[(vi) 
Payment Date:  
[•]] 
[(vii) 
Minimum Final 
Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount]] 
[(viii) Maximum Final 
Redemption Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount]] 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption 
on event of default or 
other early redemption 
and/or the method of 
calculating the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / other / Not Applicable]

--- Page 196 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 195 - 
Redemption 
 
(ii) 
Tax Redemption 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount  / other] / [If the 
Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(b), then the Tax 
Redemption Amount will be [•] (insert details)] 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Fair Market Value): 
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(c) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i)          Notice period if different 
from that set out in the 
General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' notice / 
[•]] 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call):  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(d) is applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the period from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date:  
[•]/ [Any date from and including [•] to but excluding [•]]/[[•](the 
"Par Redemption Date")] 
(iii)        Notice period if different 
from that set out in the 
General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' notice / 
[•]] 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] 
(v) 
Higher Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Make-Whole 
Redemption):  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(e) is applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Dates(s):  
[•] 
(ii) 
Reference Bond(s):  
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reinvestment Margin:  
[•] 
(iv) 
Reinvestment Rate 
Determination Date:  
[•] 
(v) 
Quotation Time:  
[•] 
(vi)        Notice period if different 
from that set out in the 
General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 35 days' notice / 
[•]]

--- Page 197 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 196 - 
Redemption 
 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 7(g) is applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date:  
[•] 
(iv)        Notice period if different 
from that set out in the 
General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Not Applicable / Not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice / 
[•]] 
[Other Redemption Details:  
[(Insert details)]] 
 
General Information 
 
[Calculation Agent:   
UBS AG, London Branch] 
[Principal Swiss Paying]58 
[Paying] Agent:  
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
Branch/UBS Head Office/UBS AG/UBS Switzerland AG/UBS 
Europe SE]/[•]] 
Registrar:  
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch/UBS AG/UBS Switzerland AG/UBS Europe SE]/[•] /[Not 
Applicable] 
Listing:  
[Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin] [Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [None] 
Admission to Trading:  
[Application [has been/will be] made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin][Euro 
MTF 
Market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [on or about] [the Issue Date].] [Not Applicable] 
[No guarantee is given that the Notes will be listed and admitted to 
trading on the Issue Date.] 
[Business Day Convention:  
[FNR Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day/any other]] 
[Business Days:  
[Insert Financial Centres] 
[Any clearing system(s) and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
(if applicable):  
[Not Applicable]/ [Euroclear Bank SA/NV / Clearstream Banking 
S.A. / Clearstream Banking AG / DTC / SIX SIS Ltd / [give 
name(s) and number(s)]] 
[Applicability of Condition 8(f) 
(Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
58 
Insert in the case of Swiss Notes.

--- Page 198 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 197 - 
General Information 
 
(Insert in the case of Renminbi 
Notes only) 
Condition 14(c):  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Form of Notes:  
Registered Notes59:  
 
[[Unrestricted Global Note] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg [and Clearstream Frankfurt]/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg]] 
 
[[Restricted Global Note] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC]] 
 
[Unified Global Note] 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes]60 
 
[Uncertificated Swiss Non-SIS Notes 
 
Any notice delivered by (or on behalf of) any Noteholder for 
purposes of electing to convert the Notes into Uncertificated 
Swiss SIS Notes in accordance with Condition 2(e)(ii), shall be 
delivered to [insert name/contact details/any other relevant 
information]] 61 
[New Global Note:  
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]] 
[New Safekeeping Structure:   
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions62:  
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA D 
in accordance with usual Swiss market practice/TEFRA not 
applicable; Rule 144A] 
Governing Law / Jurisdiction 
[•] 
 
59 
Notes may be issued in bearer form also, subject to the receipt of written pre-approval by the UBS 
Group Tax-Americas. Optional wording for bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on [45] days' notice/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[in the case of SIS Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch:  Bearer SIS Notes] 
(No Bearer SIS Notes are to be issued by the Issuer acting through its head offices in Basel and Zurich) 
60 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
61 
To be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch only. 
62 
TEFRA may be applicable where Notes are issued in bearer form or for Index Linked Notes where 
there is an option for physical settlement and the underlying index/security contains/is one or more 
securities in bearer form. In such cases written pre-approval by the UBS Group Tax-Americas is 
required. TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market practice should only be selected if the 
relevant legal requirements are met and UBS internal guidelines followed.

--- Page 199 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 198 - 
General Information 
 
[Interests of Natural and Legal 
Persons involved in the Issue / 
Offer]:  
[•]/[Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base 
Listing Particulars, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer./[•]]] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[BBSW 
is 
provided 
by 
the 
Australian 
Securities 
Exchange]/[CDOR is provided by Thomson Reuters Benchmark 
Services Ltd]/[EURIBOR is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute]/[HIBOR is provided by the Hong Kong 
Association of Banks]/[NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS]/[The Swiss Average Rate Overnight is provided by 
SIX Index Ltd]/[SHIBOR is provided by the People's Bank of 
China]/[SOFR is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York]/[SOFR Index is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York]/[SONIA is provided by the Bank of England]/[SONIA 
Compounded Index is provided by the Bank of England]/[SOR is 
provided by 
ABS 
Benchmarks 
Administration 
Co. 
Pte 
Ltd]/[STIBOR 
is 
provided 
by 
the 
Swedish 
Bankers 
Association]/[U.S. Federal Funds Rate is provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York]][repeat as necessary]. [[As at the date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
[Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature):  
[Yes. The talons mature on [•] / No.]] 
[Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes:  
[Not Applicable / give details]] 
[Amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
[•]]

--- Page 200 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 199 - 
General Information 
 
date on which each payment is 
to be made and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, including 
any right of the Issuer to forfeit 
the Notes and interest due on 
late payment:  
[Redenomination applicable:   
[Yes/No] 
 
[(specify any modifications)]] 
[Exchangeability applicable:  
[Yes/No] 
 
[(specify any modifications)]] 
[Other final terms or special 
conditions:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Where the Notes are to be issued into Australia (other than by 
UBS AG Australia Branch) and it is necessary or intended that 
the Notes should satisfy the requirements of Prudential 
Standard GPS 120, additional terms/provisions will need to be 
incorporated to ensure that the Notes are (1) in registered form, 
(2) evidenced by entries in a register kept in Australia, (3) 
cleared through the "Austraclear system", (4) constituted by an 
Australian law governed deed poll kept in Australia and (5) 
expressed to be payable in Australia except where prohibited by 
law.]] 
[Reasons for the Offer/Use of 
Proceeds:  
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general financing 
requirements of the UBS AG Group, outside Switzerland unless 
use in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in 
force from time to time without payments in respect of the Notes 
becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss 
withholding tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in 
Switzerland (insert in the case of an issuance by a Branch)] / 
[The net proceeds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or towards meeting the general financing 
requirements of the UBS AG Group (insert in the case of an 
issuance by the UBS Head Office)] / 
[The Notes are issued as Green Bonds and it is intended that the 
Issuer and/or its subsidiaries will use an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to finance, refinance or 
otherwise maintain new and existing Eligible Assets (which can 
be identified on a Group-wide basis), as further described in the 
UBS Green Funding Framework [and below]. See "Use of 
Proceeds" in the [Base Prospectus / Base Listing Particulars][, 
as modified by this [Final Terms / Pricing Supplement]63]. 
["UBS Green Funding Framework" refers to the UBS green 
funding 
framework 
dated 
[•], 
available 
at 
 
63 
Insert if the below text reflects any relevant updates, amendments or other changes to the initial UBS 
Green Funding Framework as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section.

--- Page 201 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 200 - 
General Information 
 
www.ubs.com/greenbonds, as the same may be updated, 
amended and/or replaced from time to time. None of the UBS 
Green Funding Framework, any other certification, report or 
opinion relating to the UBS Green Funding Framework and/or 
the Notes or the contents of any website referred to above are 
incorporated in or form part of this document. [As of [•], the 
Eligible Asset categories defined by the UBS Green Funding 
Framework are ["green buildings", being mortgages provided to 
new or existing commercial or residential buildings certified, or 
to be certified, by the following green building certification 
systems:  Minergie, Minergie-P or Minergie-A64; or any other 
equivalent certification system as determined by UBS / other] / 
[•].]] 
If any Group-wide Eligible Assets that are allocated to the Notes 
for purposes of the UBS Green Funding Framework are held by 
one of the Issuer's subsidiaries, the Issuer intends to allocate 
new or existing funding by the Issuer to that subsidiary as 
funding for the maintenance of such Group-wide Eligible 
Assets. (insert in the case of an issuance of Green Bonds)] / 
[Other] 
[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[•]] 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses:  
[•]] 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment 
or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)] 
[Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•]] 
[Stabilising Manager (if any):  
[•]] 
[If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]:  
[UBS AG London Branch]/ [•]] 
[Total commission and 
concession:  
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[Withholding under Section 
817(m):  
[Not applicable] 65 [The Notes are subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).] [Additional information 
 
64 
Minergie® is a Swiss registered quality label for the planning of new and refurbished low energy 
consumption buildings. The trademark is supported by the Swiss Confederation, Swiss Cantons and 
the Principality of Liechtenstein. Three different levels of certifications are available on plans new 
buildings and refurbishments:  Minergie, Minergie-P and Minergie-A. To view the detailed 
requirements for certification, please visit www.minergie.ch. 
65 
The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices 
considered to be "qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes 
and are issued prior to 1 January 2023. Delta-One Notes or Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1

--- Page 202 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 201 - 
General Information 
 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available at [•]]] 
[Additional selling restrictions:  
[Not Applicable/give details]] 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Not Applicable] / 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered Notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered Notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met]] 
[Names and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
[Luxembourg Paying Agent:  The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch] 
 
[Irish Paying Agent:  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV 
Dublin Branch]] 
[Agency Agreement:  
[The Uncertificated Swiss Note Agency Agreement dated [•]][The 
Supplemental 
Agency Agreement dated [•]]]66 
[Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment] 
[Responsibility statement and 
third party information:  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
[the Base Listing Particulars as amended and supplemented as of 
the date hereof and] this Pricing Supplement. [To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer (who has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case) the information contained in the Base 
 
January 2023 that reference a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional 
testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are Section 871(m) Notes. 
66 
In the case of Uncertificated Swiss SIS Notes.

--- Page 203 ---
ISIN:   [•] 
Valor:  [•] 
[Indicative/Final] Terms 
- 202 - 
General Information 
 
Listing Particulars as amended and supplemented as of the date 
hereof together with this Pricing Supplement is correct and no 
material facts or circumstances have been omitted therefrom.]. [[•] 
has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduction 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Material changes:  
Except as disclosed in the Base Listing Particulars as amended and 
supplemented as of the date hereof, no material changes have 
occurred in the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position or 
profits and losses since [insert the balance sheet date of the Issuer's 
most recently published annual or interim financial statements].] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
[Not Applicable] [This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for the Notes 
described herein to be listed on the [official list of Euronext Dublin][official list of Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange][official list of the Vienna Stock Exchange] and admitted to trading on the 
[Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin][Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] [specify any other non-regulated market] 
pursuant to the Euro Note Programme of UBS AG.] 
Signed on behalf UBS AG [, acting through its [head office in Basel and Zurich] [[•] branch], as 
Issuer:  
 
By: 
Duly authorized 
By: 
Duly authorized 
 
Schedule 1:  Market Disruption Events 
 
[[•]]67
 
 
67 
To be updated as necessary on a trade by trade basis.

--- Page 204 ---
- 203 - 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the Issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant 
to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars 
and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
SWITZERLAND 
(a) 
Withholding tax 
Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch:  according to the present law and 
practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, provided that the Issuer is recognised as a bank 
by the banking laws in force in the jurisdiction of the branch, effectively conducts banking 
activities and the net proceeds from the issue of Notes are used at all times while they are 
outstanding outside Switzerland, payments in respect of the Notes by the Issuer are not subject to 
Swiss withholding tax. 
Notes issued by UBS Head Office:  according to the present Swiss law and practice of the Swiss 
Federal Tax Administration, payments of interest on the Notes and payments which qualify as 
interest for Swiss withholding tax purposes, are subject to Swiss withholding tax (currently at a 
rate of 35 per cent.). If the respective requirements are met, the holder of a Note residing in 
Switzerland is entitled to a full refund or tax credit for the Swiss withholding tax whereas a holder 
of a Note who is not resident in Switzerland may be entitled to claim a full or partial refund of the 
Swiss withholding tax by virtue of the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty, if any, 
concluded between Switzerland and the country of residence of such holder. 
Potential New Withholding Tax Legislation:  On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council 
published draft legislation and opened a consultation procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax regime. The draft legislation, if enacted in its current form, would replace the 
current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for 
Swiss withholding tax. In general terms, the proposed paying agent-based regime would (i) subject 
all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in 
Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments 
to all other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than 
for indirect interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). However, 
the results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 
15 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted new draft legislation on the reform of the 
Swiss withholding tax system providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest 
payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss Parliament, which legislation was accepted by the 
Swiss Parliament on 17 December 2021. The entry into force of such legislation is still subject to 
a referendum.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a new paying agent-based regime were 
nevertheless to be enacted as contemplated by the draft legislation published on 3 April 2020 and 
were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any payment in respect 
of a Note by any person in Switzerland other than the Issuer, the holder of such Note would not be 
entitled to any additional amounts with respect to such Note as a result of such deduction or 
withholding under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 205 ---
- 204 - 
(b) 
Transfer Stamp Tax 
Notes issued by the Issuer acting through a non-Swiss branch:  there is no transfer stamp tax 
liability in Switzerland in connection with the issue and redemption of the Notes. 
The trading of the Notes (with a term of more than 12 months) in the secondary market is subject 
to Swiss securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.3 per cent. of the consideration paid for the Notes 
traded, if a Swiss domestic (or Principality of Liechtenstein) securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss Stamp Tax Act) is a party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction and no exemption 
applies in respect of one of the parties to the transaction.  In such case and subject to applicable 
statutory exemptions, typically half of the Swiss securities turnover tax is charged to one party to 
the transaction and the other half to the other party. 
Notes issued by UBS Head Office:  there is no transfer stamp tax liability in Switzerland in 
connection with the issue and redemption of the Notes. 
The trading of the Notes (with a term of more than 12 months) in the secondary market is subject 
to Swiss securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.15 per cent. of the consideration paid for the Notes 
traded, if a Swiss domestic (or Principality of Liechtenstein) securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss Stamp Tax Act) is a party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction and no exemption 
applies in respect of one of the parties to the transaction.  In such case and subject to applicable 
statutory exemptions, typically half of the Swiss securities turnover tax is charged to one party to 
the transaction and the other half to the other party.  On 17 December 2021, the Swiss Parliament 
accepted legislation providing for the abolition of Swiss securities turnover tax on bonds issued by 
a (Swiss) domestic entity.  The legislation is still subject to a referendum. 
Notes with a term of more than 12 months which are sold through a Swiss or a Liechtenstein 
domestic bank or a Swiss or a Liechtenstein domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
Federal Stamp Duty Law), are subject to the Swiss securities transfer stamp tax (turnover tax) of 
presently 0.15 per cent. with some exceptions as detailed in the Swiss Federal Stamp Duty Law. 
(c) 
Income Tax 
Under current Swiss law, a Noteholder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the 
taxable year, has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or fixed place 
in Switzerland to which the Notes are attributable and who is not subject to taxation by Switzerland 
for any other reason will not be subject to Swiss Federal, Cantonal or Municipal income or other 
tax on gains on the sale of, or payment received under, any Notes. 
Notes without a "predominant one-time interest payment":  Noteholders without a predominant 
onetime interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment) who are individuals receive payments of 
interest on Notes (either in the form of periodic interest payments or as a one-time-interest-payment 
such as an issue discount or a repayment premium) are required to include such payments in their 
personal income tax return and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including the payments 
of interest on the Notes) for the relevant tax period. 
Notes with a "predominant one-time interest payment":  In the case of Notes with a "predominant 
one-time interest payment" (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments), the positive difference (including any capital and foreign exchange gain) between the 
amount received upon sale or redemption and the issue price (if the Notes were purchased 
thereafter) will be classified as a taxable interest payment, as opposed to a tax-free capital gain 
(differential taxation method). Losses realised on the sale of Notes with a "predominant onetime 
interest payment" may be offset against gains realised within the same tax period on the sale of any 
notes with a "predominant one-time interest payment". 
Swiss-resident, individual taxpayers who hold Notes as part of Swiss business assets and Swiss 
resident corporate taxpayers and individual or corporate taxpayers resident abroad holding Notes 
as part of a Swiss permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Switzerland are required 
to recognise payment of the interests on the Notes and capital gains on sale of a Note in their

--- Page 206 ---
- 205 - 
income statement for the respective tax period and are taxable on any net taxable earnings for such 
period. 
(d) 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative 
assistance convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic 
Exchange of Information (the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange 
of Information in Tax Matters (the "AEOI Act") entered into force on January 1, 2017. The AEOI 
Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral 
agreements. The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, 
compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e., the information exchanged may only be used to 
assess and levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may 
be, Notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying 
agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or in a treaty 
state. 
(e) 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with 
Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the 
account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. 
Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be 
exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation 
agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council 
approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct notification-based 
regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, 
which in turn provides the information to the US tax authorities. For further information on 
FATCA, see "United States Federal Taxation – FATCA Withholding Tax" below. 
AUSTRALIA 
The following is a general summary of certain Australian withholding tax consequences under the 
Australian Tax Act, Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 of Australia and any relevant 
regulations, rulings or judicial or administrative announcements at the date of this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars, of payments of interest and certain other amounts on Notes to be issued by UBS AG 
Australia Branch under the Programme and certain other matters. This summary does not apply to the 
Notes issued by UBS Head Office or any other Branch of the Issuer. 
The summary is not exhaustive and should be treated with appropriate caution. In particular, the summary 
does not deal with the position of certain classes of Noteholders (including, without limitation, dealers in 
securities, custodians or other third parties who hold the Notes on behalf of other persons). In addition, 
unless expressly stated, the summary does not consider the Australian tax consequences for persons who 
hold interests in the Notes through Austraclear, Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, the CMU or another 
clearing system. 
Prospective Noteholders should also be aware that particular terms of issue of any Series of Notes may 
affect the tax treatment of that and other Series of Notes. This summary is not intended to be, nor should it 
be construed as legal or tax advice to any particular investor. Prospective holders of the Notes who are in 
any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of an 
investment in the Notes in their particular circumstances.

--- Page 207 ---
- 206 - 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
The Australian Tax Act characterises securities as either "debt interests" (for all entities) or "equity 
interests" (for companies) including for the purposes of interest withholding tax ("IWT") and 
dividend withholding tax. IWT is payable at a rate of 10 per cent. of the gross amount of interest 
paid by UBS AG Australia Branch to a non-resident of Australia (other than a non-resident acting 
at or through a permanent establishment in Australia) or a resident acting at or through a permanent 
establishment outside Australia unless an exemption is available. For these purposes, interest is 
defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Australian Tax Act to include amounts in the nature of, or in 
substitution for, interest and certain other amounts. 
UBS AG Australia Branch intends to issue Notes which will be characterised as both "debt 
interests" and "debentures" for these purposes. If Notes are issued which are not so characterised, 
further information on the material Australian tax consequences of payments of interest and certain 
other amounts on those Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or another relevant 
supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars). 
2. 
INTEREST WITHHOLDING TAX 
An exemption from IWT is available in respect of interest paid on the Notes if the requirements of 
section 128F of the Australian Tax Act are satisfied. 
The requirements under section 128F for an exemption from IWT in respect of the Notes are as 
follows: 
(a) 
UBS AG is a company and non-resident of Australia carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia when it issues the Notes and when interest (as 
defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Australian Tax Act) is paid. 
(b) 
the Notes are issued in a manner which satisfies the public offer test. There are five 
principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, the purpose of which is to ensure that 
lenders in capital markets are aware that UBS AG Australia Branch is offering those Notes 
for issue. In summary, the five methods are: 
(i) 
offers to 10 or more unrelated financiers, securities dealers or entities that carry 
on the business of providing finance, or investing or dealing in securities, in the 
course of operating in the financial markets; 
(ii) 
offers to 100 or more investors of a certain type; 
(iii) 
offers of listed Notes; 
(iv) 
offers via publicly available information sources; and 
(v) 
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell the Notes within 30 
days by one of the preceding methods. 
In addition, the issue of any of those Notes (whether global in form or otherwise) and the 
offering of interests in any of those Notes by one of these methods should satisfy the public 
offer test; 
(c) 
UBS AG does not know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, at the time of issue, that 
the Notes or an interest in a Note was being, or would later be, acquired directly or 
indirectly by an "associate" of UBS AG, except as permitted by section 128F(5) of the 
Australian Tax Act; and 
(d) 
at the time of the payment of interest, UBS AG does not know, or have reasonable grounds 
to suspect, that the payee is an "associate" of UBS AG, except as permitted by section 
128F(6) of the Australian Tax Act.

--- Page 208 ---
- 207 - 
Exemptions under recent tax treaties 
The Australian government has signed new or amended double tax conventions ("New Treaties") 
with a number of countries (each a "Specified Country") which contain exemptions from IWT. In 
broad terms, once implemented the New Treaties prevent IWT applying to interest derived by: 
 
the government of the relevant Specified Country and certain governmental authorities 
and agencies in the Specified Country; and 
 
a "financial institution" which is a resident of a "Specified Country" and which is unrelated 
to and dealing wholly independently with UBS AG. The term "financial institution" 
refers to either a bank or any other enterprise which substantially derives its profits by 
carrying on a business of raising and providing finance. However, interest paid under a 
back-to-back loan or an economically equivalent arrangement will not qualify for this 
exemption. 
The Australian Federal Treasury maintains a listing of Australia's double tax conventions on its 
website. 
Compliance with section 128F of the Australian Tax Act 
Unless otherwise specified in a relevant Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars), UBS AG Australia Branch intends to issue Notes in a manner 
which will satisfy the requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act. 
Notes in bearer form - Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act 
Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax (see below in relation to 
the rate) on the payment of interest on Notes in bearer form if UBS AG fails to disclose the names 
and addresses of the holders to the Australian Taxation Office. Section 126 does not apply to the 
payment of interest on Notes in bearer form held by non-residents who do not carry on business at 
or through a permanent establishment in Australia where the issue of those Bearer Notes has 
satisfied the requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act or IWT is payable. 
In addition, the Australian Taxation Office has confirmed that for the purpose of section 126 of the 
Australian Tax Act, the holder of debentures (currently, at a rate of 45 per cent) is the person in 
possession of the debentures. Section 126 is therefore limited in its application to persons in 
possession of Notes in bearer form who are residents of Australia or non-residents who are engaged 
in carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. Where 
interests in the relevant Notes are held through the Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg or 
Clearstream Frankfurt systems, UBS AG Australia Branch intends to treat the operators of those 
clearing systems as the holders of the relevant Bearer Notes for the purposes of Section 126 of the 
Australian Tax Act. 
3. 
OTHER TAX MATTERS 
Under Australian laws as presently in effect: 
(A) 
death duties - no Notes will be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by 
Australia, or by any political subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, if held 
at the time of death; 
(B) 
stamp duty and other taxes - no ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are 
payable in Australia on the issue, transfer or redemption of any Notes or transfer of any 
Notes; 
(C) 
TFN withholding - withholding tax is imposed (currently, at a rate of 47 per cent) on the 
payment of interest on certain registered securities unless the relevant payee has quoted 
an Australian Tax File Number ("TFN"), (in certain circumstances) an Australian Business 
Number ("ABN") or proof of some other exemption (as appropriate).

--- Page 209 ---
- 208 - 
Assuming the requirements of section 128F of the Australian Tax Act are satisfied with 
respect to the Notes, the TFN withholding rules do not apply to payments to a holder of 
Notes in registered form who is not a resident of Australia and not holding such Notes in 
the course of carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. 
Payments to other classes of Noteholders in registered form may be subject to a 
withholding where the holder of those Notes does not quote a TFN, ABN or proof of an 
appropriate exemption (as appropriate). 
(D) 
supply withholding tax - payments in respect of the Notes can be made free and clear of 
the "supply withholding tax" imposed pursuant to Section 12-190 of Schedule 1 to the 
TAA; and 
(E) 
goods and services tax (GST) - neither the issue nor receipt of the Notes will give rise to 
a liability for GST in Australia on the basis that the supply of Notes will comprise either 
an input taxed financial supply or (in the case of an offshore subscriber) a GST-free supply. 
Furthermore, neither the payment of principal or interest by UBS AG Australia Branch, 
nor the disposal of the Notes, would give rise to any GST liability in Australia. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. It is based on current law and the 
published practice of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC"), which may be subject to change, 
sometimes with retrospective effect. The comments do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are 
absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms 
of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that 
and other series of Notes. 
The following is a general guide for information purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a prospective purchaser. 
Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of 
their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are particularly advised to consult their professional 
advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following 
comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In 
particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other 
jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
The following assumes that UBS AG is not resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes, 
that (except in the case of Notes issued by UBS AG London Branch) UBS AG is not issuing the Notes for 
the purposes of a trade or other business carried on by it in the United Kingdom and that only interest on 
Notes issued by UBS AG London Branch has a United Kingdom source. 
1. 
UK WITHHOLDING TAX ON UK SOURCE INTEREST 
1.1 
UK Notes listed on a recognised stock exchange 
The Notes issued by UBS AG London Branch which carry a right to interest ("UK Notes") will 
constitute "quoted Eurobonds" provided they are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange (within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the "Act") for the 
purposes of section 987 of the Act) or admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" 
operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of section 987 of the Act). 
Whilst the UK Notes are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest on such UK 
Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income 
tax. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin and SIX Swiss Exchange are recognised 
stock exchanges. The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC practice is that securities which are 
officially listed and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 210 ---
- 209 - 
Exchange or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin may be regarded as "listed on a 
recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. Additionally, the Issuer's understanding of current 
HMRC practice is that securities which are officially listed and admitted to trading on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange in accordance with the International Reporting Standard or the Swiss Reporting 
Standard may be regarded as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. 
1.2 
All UK Notes 
In addition to the exemption set out in paragraph 1.1 above, interest on the UK Notes may be paid 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax so long as UBS 
AG London Branch is a "bank" for the purposes of section 878 of the Income Tax Act 2007 and 
so long as such payments are made by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its business. 
1.3 
All other cases 
In all cases falling outside the exemptions described in paragraphs 1.1 and 1.2 above, interest on 
the UK Notes may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate 
(currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief or exemption as may be available. However, this 
withholding will not apply if the relevant interest is paid on UK Notes with a maturity of less than 
one year from the date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is 
to render such UK Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more. 
2. 
PAYMENTS UNDER DEED OF COVENANT 
Any payments made by UBS AG London Branch under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for 
the exemptions from UK withholding tax described in paragraph 1 above. 
3. 
OTHER RULES RELATING TO UNITED KINGDOM WITHHOLDING TAX 
UK Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. Any 
discount element on any such UK Notes should not be subject to any United Kingdom withholding 
tax pursuant to the provisions mentioned in paragraph 1 above. 
Where UK Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued 
at a discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest. Payments 
of interest are subject to United Kingdom withholding tax as outlined above. 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who 
are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if 
there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
The references to "interest" in this summary of the United Kingdom withholding tax position mean 
"interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The statements in this summary do not take 
any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which may prevail under any 
other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes or any related 
documentation. Where a payment on a Note does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for 
United Kingdom tax purposes, and the payment has a United Kingdom source, it would potentially 
be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax if, for example, it constitutes (or is treated as) an 
annual payment or a manufactured payment for United Kingdom tax purposes (which will be 
determined by, amongst other things, the terms and conditions specified by the relevant Final 
Terms of the Note). In such a case, the payment may fall to be made under deduction of United 
Kingdom tax (the rate of withholding depending on the nature of the payment), subject to such 
relief as may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any 
applicable double taxation treaty, or to any other exemption which may apply. Noteholders or 
Couponholders should seek their own professional advice as regards the withholding tax treatment 
of any payment on the Notes which does not constitute "interest" or "principal" as those terms are 
understood in United Kingdom tax law. 
The above description of the United Kingdom withholding tax position assumes that there will be 
no substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
of Terms and Conditions; Substitution) of the Notes and does not consider the tax consequences of 
any such substitution.

--- Page 211 ---
- 210 - 
JERSEY 
The following summary of the anticipated Jersey taxation treatment based on Jersey taxation law and 
practice as they are understood to apply at the date of this document and is subject to changes in such 
taxation law and practice. It does not constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of 
Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax law and practice as they apply to any land or building 
situate in Jersey). Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the 
implications of acquiring, buying, selling or otherwise disposing of the Notes under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Payments in respect of the Notes may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Jersey income tax and Noteholders (other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax 
in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of such Notes. 
REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer's understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes 
in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and does not 
deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The following 
comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. They are not 
intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is based on the 
currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as their 
respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may possibly 
also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences described. It is 
recommended that potential investors in the Notes consult with their legal and tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes. Tax risks resulting from the Notes (in particular 
from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian 
Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) shall in any case be borne by the investor. For 
the purposes of the following it is assumed that the Notes are legally and factually offered to an indefinite 
number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General Remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are 
subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their habitual 
abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income 
tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to corporate 
income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management 
nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian 
sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income Taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to 
sec. 27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the 
amount of the earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption and

--- Page 212 ---
- 211 - 
other realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero coupon 
bonds); the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition 
costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g., in the case of index 
certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); and 
 
income from crypto currencies (Einkünfte aus Kryptowährungen) pursuant to sec. 27(4a) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Also the withdrawal of the Notes from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances leading to 
a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Notes vis-à-vis other countries, e.g. a relocation from 
Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as non-business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an 
Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle) within the meaning of sec. 95(2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional 
income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the Notes without an Austrian nexus must be included 
in the investor's income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.. In both cases 
upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 
27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation 
pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary 
acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses 
such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, 
inter alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses:  negative income from realised 
increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and other 
non-securitized monetary claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) 
nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal 
estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer 
Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this 
equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not 
already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The 
Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's 
securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to 
issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat rate 
of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the letting of capital, 
income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in the investor's 
income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment income from the 
Notes without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject 
to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the 
lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases in value, income from 
derivatives and income from crypto currencies if realizing these types of income constitutes a key area of 
the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as

--- Page 213 ---
- 212 - 
bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also 
applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of financial assets, derivatives and crypto currencies in the sense of sec. 27(3) to (4a) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to 
be offset against income from realised increases in value of such financial assets, derivatives and crypto 
currencies and with appreciations in value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter 
desselben Betriebes); only 55 per cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other 
types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income 
in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes at a rate of currently 25 per cent. 
(2023:  24 per cent.; from 2024:  23 per cent.). Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 
per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply 
a rate of currently 25 per cent. (2023:  24 per cent.; from 2024:  23 per cent.) if the debtor of the withholding 
tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax liability. Under 
the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied in the 
first place. Losses from the alienation of the Notes can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Notes as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of currently 25 per cent. 
(2023:  24 per cent.; from 2024:  23 per cent.) on, inter alia, interest income, income from realised increases 
in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the 
Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses 
such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income 
Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made 
to beneficiaries in the same tax period. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is 
generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply a rate of currently 25 per cent. (2023:  24 per 
cent.; from 2024:  23 per cent.) if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax 
can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the Notes if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the Notes are 
attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) 
of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited income tax liability 
in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act and 
accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act from the Notes if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if withholding tax is levied on 
such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident in a state with which automatic 
exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of residence to the withholding agent. 
Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its place of management and/or its legal 
seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit institution; accrued interest with an Austrian 
nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). Under applicable double taxation treaties, relief from Austrian income tax might be 
available. However, Austrian credit institutions must not provide for such relief at source; instead, the 
investor may file an application for repayment of tax with the competent Austrian tax office. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin of 
which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which is 
not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal 
form they are organized in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on 
the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following 
conditions is fulfilled:  (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate

--- Page 214 ---
- 213 - 
income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of 
the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian 
corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive 
personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing 
in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences 
would substantially differ from those described above:  A special type of transparency principle would be 
applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as well as deemed income would be subject 
to Austrian (corporate) income tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax. 
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer 
tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Austrian 
Foundation 
Transfer 
Tax 
Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a domicile, 
their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions apply 
in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is subject 
to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis is the fair 
market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The tax rate 
generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the 
donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. 
Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation:  in case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold 
of EUR 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made 
exceeds an amount of EUR 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to 
foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described above are also exempt from 
the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10 
per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Notes may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant to 
sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Stamp Duty 
The assignment of receivables and other rights (and, under certain circumstances, the transfer of a 
contractual position) triggers Austrian stamp duty (Rechtgeschäftsgebühr) pursuant to the Austrian Stamp 
Duty Act (Gebührengesetz) if (i) a written deed (Urkunde) pursuant to sec. 15 of the Austrian Stamp Duty 
Act is set up and (ii) an Austrian nexus in the sense of sec. 16 of the Austrian Stamp Duty Act exists. Such 
stamp duty generally amounts to 0.8 per cent. of the consideration. 
BELGIUM 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian withholding tax consequences for investors 
receiving interest in respect of, or disposing of, the Notes to be issued by UBS Head Office, UBS AG 
Australia Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS AG London Branch or UBS AG Jersey Branch. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. The general 
description is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars 
and is subject to change potentially with retroactive effect. Investors should understand that, as a result of 
changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be different than as stated below. Investors should 
consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding 
or selling the Notes under any laws applicable to them. For the purpose of the following general 
description, a Belgian resident is:  (a) an individual subject to Belgian personal income tax (i.e. an 
individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated 
to a Belgian resident); (b) a legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company that has 
its main establishment, its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium); or (c) a legal entity

--- Page 215 ---
- 214 - 
subject to Belgian legal entities tax (i.e. an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax 
having its main establishment, its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium). 
A non-resident is a person who is not a Belgian resident. 
Withholding Tax 
For Belgian tax purposes, the following amounts are qualified and taxable as "interest":  (i) the periodic 
interest income, (ii) any amount paid by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the 
maturity date and whether or not in cash and/or by physical delivery of a specified amount of one or more 
fund shares or units), and (iii) in case of a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment dates to any 
third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. 
For the purposes of the following paragraphs, any such gains and accrued interest are therefore referred to 
as interest. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro on the date of payment 
or attribution. 
Certain exemptions from withholding tax are available, for example in respect of interest paid by non-
resident issuers of bonds or notes to Belgian resident companies and to non-resident companies subject to 
Belgian non-resident income tax and investing these bonds or notes in a business activity in Belgium. 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 
30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any 
non-Belgian withholding taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals (bevrijdende roerende voorheffing / précompte mobilier libératoire). This means that 
they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided 
Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. 
Even if Belgian withholding tax has been retained, Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to 
declare the interest in their personal income tax returns. Where an individual opts to declare such interest 
payments, he/she will normally be taxed separately at a flat tax rate of 30 per cent. (in the present case not 
increased by communal surcharges) or at the progressive personal tax rates taking into account the 
taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is lower. If the interest payment is declared, any retained 
Belgian withholding tax may be credited, and any excess will normally be reimbursed. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the 
interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal 
income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent., unless progressive personal income tax 
rates are more favourable. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes on the secondary market before maturity are generally not 
taxable for individuals, except if the purchaser is the Issuer. In the latter case, capital gains are taxable as 
interest and subject to withholding tax if collected through a financial intermediary established in Belgium. 
The accrued interest part of a capital gain realized on a sale of the Notes which qualify as fixed income 
notes in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992 (Wetboek van 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (the "BITC 1992") is also taxable as 
interest. Capital losses realized on a sale of the Notes are not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest payments on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium to Belgian corporate investors will 
generally be subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent. However, an exemption 
may apply provided that certain formalities are complied with. The exemption does not apply for income 
on zero coupon or capitalisation bonds.

--- Page 216 ---
- 215 - 
Interest on the Notes derived by Belgian corporate investors who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, 
i.e. who are subject to Belgian corporate income tax (Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés) and 
capital gains realised on the Notes will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax, the ordinary rate of 
which is equal to 25 per cent. (with a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 
100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by article 1: 24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code). If the interest has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign 
tax credit could be available against the Belgian tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is 
generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal 
to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to 
some further limitations). 
In addition, the Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable 
legal provisions. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are taxable while capital losses are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185 bis of the BITC 1992. 
Other Belgian legal entities 
Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian tax on legal entities (Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des 
personnes morales) will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium on any 
payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium and no further tax on legal 
entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent and 
without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the legal entity itself is responsible for the declaration 
and payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes on the secondary market before maturity are generally not 
taxable for non-profit entities, except if the purchaser is the Issuer. In the latter case, capital gains are taxable 
as interest and subject to withholding tax if collected through a financial intermediary established in 
Belgium. The accrued interest part of a capital gain realized on a sale of Notes which qualify as fixed 
income Notes in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code is also taxable as interest. Capital 
losses realized on a sale of the Notes are not tax deductible. 
Taxation applicable to Organisations for Financing Pensions ("OFP") 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 27 
October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, are in 
principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any 
corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes through 
a Belgian establishment and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional activity will 
in principle not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains (save as the case may 
be, in the form of withholding tax). 
The interest income on the Notes paid through a professional intermediary in Belgium will, in principle, be 
subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, unless the Noteholder is resident in a country with which Belgium 
has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit. If the income is not 
collected through a financial institution or other intermediary established in Belgium, no Belgian 
withholding tax is due. 
Non-resident investors that do not hold the Notes through a Belgian establishment can also obtain an 
exemption of Belgian withholding tax on interest from the Notes paid through a Belgian credit institution, 
a Belgian stock market company or a Belgian-recognized clearing or settlement institution, provided that 
their non-resident financial intermediary delivers an affidavit to such institution or company confirming

--- Page 217 ---
- 216 - 
(i) that the investors are non-residents, (ii) that the Notes are held in full ownership or in usufruct and 
(iii) that the Notes are not held for professional purposes in Belgium. 
The non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see above). 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The acquisition of Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on stock exchange 
transactions (Taxe sur les opérations de bourse, Taks op de beursverrichtingen). 
A stock exchange tax will be levied on the purchase and sale of the Notes on the secondary market carried 
out by a Belgian resident investor through a professional intermediary if (i) entered into or carried out in 
Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out in Belgium, 
which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside 
of Belgium, either by private individuals having their usual residence in Belgium, or legal entities for the 
account of their seat or establishment in Belgium. 
In such a scenario, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian 
Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by the 
professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In such a case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction 
concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate must 
be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying day-to-day listing, 
numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium could appoint 
a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities ("Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative"). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable toward the 
Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions due and for complying with the reporting 
obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such 
a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the 
Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 
0.12 per cent. with a maximum amount of Euro 1,300 per transaction and per party or, as the case may be, 
0.35 per cent. with a maximum amount of Euro 1,600 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately 
from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both 
collected by the professional intermediary. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 126/1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des droits et taxes 
divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
Tax on securities accounts 
The tax on securities accounts applies as of tax assessment year 2022 (income year 2021). 
An annual tax of 0.15 per cent. is levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as the Notes but also cash and 
money market instruments) held thereon during a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in 
principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 
million. The tax due is capped at 10 per cent. of the part of the said average value exceeding the EUR 1 
million threshold. 
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective 
as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies 
and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium.

--- Page 218 ---
- 217 - 
There are exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own 
account. These regulated entities include, amongst others, (i) financial undertakings as listed in Article 
198/1, §6, 1° to 12° of the BITC 1992, (ii) central banks, (iii) stockbroking firms as defined by Article 1, 
§3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies, and (iv) institutions listed in Article 2, §1, 13°/1, first section, a) to c) of the BITC 1992, with 
the exception of institutions and compartment listed in Article 2, §1, 13°/1, second and third sections of the 
BITC 1992. 
A new retroactive anti-abuse provision applies as from 30 October 2020, for certain transactions carried 
out in order to avoid the application of this tax. 
In cases where a Belgian financial intermediary is responsible for the tax – i.e. either incorporated under 
Belgian law, established in Belgium or having appointed a Belgian representative – that intermediary has 
to submit a return on the twentieth day of the third month following the end of the reference period at the 
latest. The tax must be paid on this day. In any other case, the taxpayer itself has to submit a tax return 
within the same time limit as that provided for the filing of its personal income tax return. The tax will have 
to be paid on the 31st of August of the year following the end of the reference period at the latest. 
FRANCE 
The following is a general description of certain French withholding tax considerations relating to the 
Notes to the extent that (i) payments under the Notes would qualify as interest payments and (ii) the Notes 
would not be redeemed by delivery or transfer of share(s) issued by a company with registered offices in 
France and with a market capitalisation that exceeds one billion euros as of 1 December of year preceding 
the tax year during which such delivery or transfer occurs. It is not a description of general French tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own professional 
advisors to obtain information about the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, or disposition of 
the Notes. Only personal advisors are in a position to adequately take into account special tax aspects of 
the Notes as well as the Note holder's personal circumstances and any special tax treatment applicable to 
the Note holder. This summary is based on French law as in force when drawing up this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change 
and such changes may have retroactive effect. 
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer, acting out of its head offices or one of its non-French 
branch, under the Notes will not be viewed as French source income and therefore will not be subject to 
withholding tax in France, in accordance with the applicable French law. 
By exception, pursuant to Articles 125A and 125D of the French Code Général des Impôts, and subject to 
certain limited exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received by French tax resident individuals 
are subject to a 12.8 per cent. mandatory (non-final) withholding tax. If applicable, this withholding tax is 
creditable against the applicable personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment 
has been made. If the withholding tax paid exceeds the total amount of personal income tax due, the excess 
will be refunded. Interest and similar revenues are also subject to French social contributions at the 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. (CSG of 9.2 per cent., the prélèvement de solidarité sur les revenus du 
patrimoine et produits de placement of 7.5 per cent. and the CRDS of 0.5 per cent.). Practical steps to be 
taken for purposes of levying, declaring and paying this withholding tax will depend on the place where 
the paying agent is located. 
French tax resident individuals holding the Notes as part of their private assets should consult their own tax 
advisers to determine declarative and payment obligations applicable to them in France in relation to the 
12.8 per cent. mandatory withholding tax and social security contributions referred to above. The Issuer 
does not assume responsibility for French withholding tax at source and is not obliged to make additional 
payments in case of French withholding tax deductions. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes who are French resident for tax purposes or who would hold such Notes 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France should be aware that transactions involving 
the Notes, including any purchase or disposal of, or other dealings in, the Notes, may have French tax 
consequences. The tax consequences regarding interest, premium on redemption and capital gains in 
particular may depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the prospective purchaser (i.e., legal entities 
or individuals). Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers about the French

--- Page 219 ---
- 218 - 
tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing the Notes and more generally of any transactions 
involving Notes. 
GERMANY 
In principle, only persons (individuals and incorporated entities) who are tax resident in Germany (in 
particular, persons having a residence, habitual abode, seat or place of management in Germany) are subject 
to German withholding tax with respect to payments under debt Notes. Non-resident persons generally do 
not suffer German withholding tax. If, however, the income from the Notes is subject to German tax, i.e., 
if (i) the Notes are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) of a German permanent establishment 
(including a permanent representative) which is maintained by the relevant Noteholder or (ii) the income 
from the Notes qualifies for other reasons as taxable German source income, German withholding tax is, 
as a rule, applied as in the case of a German tax resident Noteholder. 
German withholding tax will be levied at a flat withholding tax rate of 26.375 per cent. (including solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag), plus church tax if applicable) on interest and on proceeds from the sale of 
Notes if the Notes are kept or administrated in a custodial account which the relevant Noteholder maintains 
with a German branch of a German or non-German credit or financial services institution or with a German 
securities trading business or a German securities trading bank (a "German Disbursing Agent") and such 
German Disbursing Agent credits or pays out the earnings. If Notes are redeemed, repaid, assigned or 
contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage in eine 
Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. If Notes are not kept 
or administrated in a custodial account maintained with a German Disbursing Agent, German withholding 
tax will nevertheless be levied if the Notes are issued as definitive Notes and the savings earnings 
(Kapitalerträge) are paid by a German Disbursing Agent against presentation of the Notes or interest 
coupons (so-called over-the-counter transaction - Tafelgeschäft). 
If a Noteholder sells or redeems the Notes, the tax base is, in principle, the difference between the 
acquisition costs and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the Notes reduced by expenses directly 
and factually related to the sale or redemption. If similar Notes kept or administrated in the same custodial 
account have been acquired at different points in time, the Notes first acquired will be deemed to have been 
sold first for the purposes of determining the capital gains. Where the Notes are acquired and/or sold in a 
currency other than euro, the sales/redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into 
euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the sale or redemption date and the acquisition 
date respectively. If the Notes have not been kept or administrated in the custodial account maintained with 
the German Disbursing Agent since their acquisition and the acquisition costs of the Notes are not proven 
to the German Disbursing Agent in the form required by law (e.g. in the case of over-the-counter 
transactions or if the Notes had been transferred from a non-EU custodial account prior to the sale), 
withholding tax is applied to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the Notes. 
When computing the tax base for withholding tax purposes, the German Disbursing Agent has to deduct 
any negative savings income (negative Kapitalerträge) or paid accrued interest (Stückzinsen) in the same 
calendar year or unused negative savings income of previous calendar years. 
For individuals who are subject to church tax, church tax will be collected by the German Disbursing Agent 
by way of withholding unless the investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German 
Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). In the latter case, the investor has to include 
the savings income in the tax return and will then be assessed to church tax. 
With regard to individuals holding the Notes as private assets, any withholding tax levied shall, in principle, 
become definitive and replace the income taxation of the relevant Noteholder. If no withholding tax has 
been levied other than by virtue of a withholding tax exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) and in 
certain other cases, the relevant Noteholder is nevertheless obliged to file a tax return, and the savings 
income will then be taxed within the tax assessment procedure. However, the separate tax rate for savings 
income applies in most cases also within the assessment procedure. In certain cases, the Noteholder may 
apply to be assessed on the basis of its personal tax rate if such rate is lower than the above tax rate. Such 
application can only be filed consistently for all savings income within the assessment period. In case of 
jointly assessed spouses or registered life partners the application can only be filed for savings income of 
both spouses/life partners.

--- Page 220 ---
- 219 - 
With regard to other investors, German withholding tax is a prepayment of (corporate) income tax and will 
be credited or refunded within the tax assessment procedure.  In the case of investors holding the Notes as 
business assets, interest payments and capital gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 15 
per cent. or income tax at a rate of up to 45 per cent., as the case may be, (in each case plus 5.5 per cent. 
solidarity surcharge thereon).  In addition, trade tax may be levied, the rate of which depends on the 
municipality where the business is located.  Further, in the case of individuals, church tax may be levied.  
Business expenses that are connected with the Notes are deductible. 
No German withholding tax will be levied if an individual holding the Notes as private assets has filed a 
withholding tax exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the German Disbursing Agent, but only 
to the extent the savings income does not exceed the exemption amount shown on the withholding tax 
exemption certificate. Currently, the maximum exemption amount is EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 in the case of 
jointly assessed spouses or registered life partners).  The deduction of the actual income related expenses, 
if any, is excluded.  That holds true even if the investor applies to be assessed on the basis of its personal 
tax rate.  Pursuant to the coalition agreement between SPD, BÜNDNIS 90/DIE GRÜNEN and FDP it is 
envisaged to increase this lump sum amount as of 1 January 2023 to EUR 1,000 (EUR 2,000 in the case of 
jointly assessed spouses or registered life partners).  However, there is no draft law available yet.  Similarly, 
no withholding tax will be levied if the relevant investor has submitted a certificate of non-assessment 
(Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) issued by the relevant local tax office to the German Disbursing Agent. 
Further, with regard to investors holding the Notes as business assets, no withholding tax will be levied on 
capital gains from the redemption, sale or assignment of the Notes if (a) the Notes are held by a corporation 
or (b) the proceeds from the Notes qualify as income of a domestic business and the investor notifies this 
to the German Disbursing Agent by use of the officially required form. 
The Issuer is, as a rule, not obliged to levy German withholding tax in respect of payments on the Notes.  
If, however, the Notes are issued as definitive securities and the savings earnings are paid by the Issuer 
acting through its German Branch against presentation of the Notes and/or coupons, German withholding 
tax has to be imposed by the Issuer irrespective of whether or not the Notes are kept or administered in a 
custodial account maintained with a German Disbursing Agent. 
HONG KONG 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
No withholding tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of payments of principal or interest on the 
Notes or in respect of any capital gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
(b) 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of Bearer Notes provided that either: 
(i) 
such Bearer Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong 
and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Bearer Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 
117)(the "SDO")). 
If stamp duty is payable it is payable by the Issuer on the issue of Bearer Notes at a rate of 3 per 
cent. of the market value of the Bearer Notes at the time of issue. No stamp duty will be payable 
on any subsequent transfer of Bearer Notes. 
No stamp duty is payable on the issue of Registered Notes. Stamp duty may be payable on any 
transfer of Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. 
Stamp duty will, however, not be payable on any transfer of Registered Notes provided that either: 
(i) 
such Registered Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong 
Kong and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Registered Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the SDO). 
If stamp duty is payable in respect of the transfer of Registered Notes it will be payable at the rate 
of 0.26 per cent. (of which 0.13 per cent. is payable by the seller and 0.13 per cent. is payable by

--- Page 221 ---
- 220 - 
the purchaser) normally by reference to the consideration or its value, whichever is higher. In 
addition, stamp duty is payable at the fixed rate of HK$5 on each instrument of transfer executed 
in relation to any transfer of the Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered 
in Hong Kong. 
IRELAND 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters 
regarding the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Particular rules 
not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, including dealers in securities 
and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general 
nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder 
of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon 
under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from 
payments of interest on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. 
Interest paid on the Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which are used to fund the payments on the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is 
maintained in Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in 
Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the 
Issuer will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) that bearer Notes will not 
be physically located in Ireland; and (iv) the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered 
Notes in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. on any interest, dividends or 
annual payments payable on or in respect of Notes issued by a company not resident in Ireland, 
where such interest, dividend or annual payment is collected or realised by a bank or encashment 
agent in Ireland. Encashment tax does not apply where the beneficial owner of the payments (i) is 
not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent 
or bank or (ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the 
payment. 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Notes 
As the Issuer is not registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting a 
transfer of the Notes so long as the Notes do not derive the greater part of their value directly or 
indirectly from non-residential land or buildings situated in Ireland and the instrument of transfer 
of the Notes does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immoveable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; 
or 
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable notes of a company which is registered in Ireland (other than a 
company which is (i) an investment undertaking within the meaning of section 739B of

--- Page 222 ---
- 221 - 
the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 ("TCA") or (ii) a qualifying company within the 
meaning of section 110 of the TCA). 
LUXEMBOURG 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Notes. It 
specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld at source and provides 
an indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for the withholding of taxes at the source. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in 
Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to 
which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes, payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the 
tax laws of Luxembourg. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. The information contained within this section is limited to withholding 
taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, 
including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in the context 
of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can be made 
free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law. 
Payments of interest or similar income on the Notes made or deemed to be made by a paying agent within 
the meaning of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 as amended (the "Law") established in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual Luxembourg resident for tax 
purposes who is the beneficial owner of such payment may be subject to a tax at a rate of 20 per cent. Such 
tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the individual beneficial owner acts in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. 
Pursuant to the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of savings income 
paid by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg, in a Member State of either the European Union 
or the EEA, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the "Levy") on their savings income. 
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the Levy are final when Luxembourg resident 
individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth. 
THE NETHERLANDS 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following 
summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Note, and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
Where the Issuer is not and is not deemed to be resident (gevestigd) and does not have and is not deemed 
to have a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes, all 
payments by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without withholding or deduction of any taxes of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein.

--- Page 223 ---
- 222 - 
SPAIN 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and does not operate in Spain through 
a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
can be made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes in Spain. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply if the Notes are deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations to U.S. Holders and 
U.S. withholding tax considerations to Non-U.S. Holders (each as defined below), of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of Notes. This summary only discusses the consequences to U.S. Holders that 
purchase Notes at their original issuance and issue price and hold them as capital assets for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. This summary does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that 
may be relevant to an investor in light of such investor's particular circumstances or to investors subject to 
special rules (including, without limitation, pension plans and other tax-exempt investors, banks, thrift 
institutions, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, grantor 
trusts, partnerships, partners in partnerships that invest in Notes, dealers in securities or currencies, U.S. 
Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, U.S. Holders who hold Notes as part of a straddle, 
hedging or conversion transaction, U.S. Holders liable for the alternative minimum tax, U.S. Holders who 
are expatriates, U.S. Holders required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with 
respect to the Notes as a result of such income being recognised on an applicable financial statement, Non-
U.S. Holders that hold Notes in a manner that is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or 
business in the United States and Non-U.S. Holders that are individuals present in the United States for 
183 days or more in the year that they dispose of Notes). In addition, this summary does not address the 
application of any U.S. state or local tax laws, or the tax laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction. 
The discussion herein does not address Notes that are issued by a U.S. branch of the Issuer, Dual Currency 
Notes, Partly Paid Notes or exchangeable Notes. The tax treatment of such Notes will be discussed in 
supplemental tax disclosure for the particular offering of such Notes. This summary is based on the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), its legislative history, applicable U.S. Treasury 
Regulations, judicial authority and administrative rulings and practice in effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars any of which may be appealed, revoked or otherwise altered with 
retroactive effect, thereby changing the U.S. federal income tax consequences discussed below. There is no 
assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") will not take a contrary view, and no ruling 
from the IRS has been or will be sought. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note in registered form that is, for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual that is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a 
corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District 
of Columbia, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source 
or (iv) a trust, if both (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary jurisdiction over the 
administration of the trust, and (b) one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. Notes in 
bearer form are subject to selling restrictions and are not meant to be offered or sold to United States 
persons. United States persons that nonetheless acquire Notes in bearer form (i) should be aware that they 
will generally be subject to limitations under the U.S. tax rules, including limitations that impact the ability 
to deduct losses or recognise capital gain with respect to the Notes and (ii) should not rely on the disclosure 
below. 
As used herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, an individual, corporation, estate or trust that is not a U.S. Holder. 
The U.S. federal income and withholding tax treatment of Notes held by an entity or arrangement that is a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on the activities of such partnership and the 
status of its partners. Partnerships considering an investment in Notes, and partners in such partnerships, 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of a 
Note.

--- Page 224 ---
- 223 - 
Treatment of Notes as Indebtedness 
The discussion below addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of Notes that will be issued in a 
manner consistent with, and with characteristics that are typical of, indebtedness for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. Generally, the discussion below addresses Notes whose terms provide for payment in full of 
principal at their stated maturity. However, Notes whose terms do not provide for payment in full of 
principal at their stated maturity, and possibly certain other Notes, may not be characterised as indebtedness 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. tax treatment of Notes that are not characterised as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes is complex, and generally there is no direct authority regarding the correct U.S. federal income 
tax treatment of such Notes. For example, in certain circumstances, such Notes may be viewed as 
representing beneficial ownership in underlying assets to which the return on the Notes is linked. In other 
circumstances, an investment in the Notes may be governed by the U.S. tax rules that govern the treatment 
of options, forward contracts, swaps or other types of derivative instruments. Prospective U.S. investors 
should be aware that the IRS has issued a notice seeking comments regarding the proper treatment of certain 
securities whose terms do not provide for payment in full of principal at their stated maturity, which may 
adversely impact the treatment of an investment in such Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective U.S. investors are strongly urged to consult their own advisors about the proper treatment of 
an investment in such Notes in light of their particular circumstances. A prospective U.S. investor should 
review any supplemental U.S. tax disclosure that may be provided in connection with a particular offering 
and should contact UBS for any additional information that it may require in making its determination. 
Where Notes that are linked to one or more securities, or a basket containing one or more securities, issued 
by a U.S. issuer, it is possible that payments of principal, interest or disposition proceeds on the Note may 
be characterised, in whole or in part, as U.S. source income and may be subject to U.S. income or 
withholding tax. Where this is the case, such payments may be made subject to U.S. withholding tax, at a 
rate of up to 30 per cent. or at such other rate as may be available under the provisions of any applicable 
double tax treaty. Prospective non-U.S. investors should consult their own advisors about the possibility of 
U.S. income or withholding tax applying to payments on any such Notes. A prospective non-U.S. investor 
should review any supplemental U.S. tax disclosure that may be provided in connection with a particular 
offering and should contact UBS for any additional information that it may require in making its 
determination. The remainder of this discussion does not address Notes that may pay U.S. source income 
in the manner discussed above and assumes that the Notes will be characterised as indebtedness for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
Tax Consequences for U.S. Holders 
Payments of Interest 
Except as otherwise indicated below, interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary 
interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of 
accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest income earned by a U.S. Holder with respect to 
a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant 
in determining the U.S. Holder's treatment under the "foreign tax credit" rules. These rules are complex and 
a prospective U.S. Holder should consult its own advisors about the availability of a credit or deduction for 
non-U.S. taxes in light of the U.S. Holder's particular circumstances. Special rules governing the treatment 
of payments made with respect to Notes subject to special U.S. tax rules are discussed below. 
Original Issue Discount 
A Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be considered 
to have been issued at an original discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred to in 
this section as an "original issue discount Note") unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as 
described below) or is a short-term Note (as defined below). The "issue price" of a Note will be the first 
price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (not including sales to bond houses, 
brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or 
wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will equal the sum of all 
payments required under the Note other than payments of "qualified stated interest". "Qualified stated 
interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least 
annually during the entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note

--- Page 225 ---
- 224 - 
multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest. In addition, qualified stated interest includes, among other 
things, stated interest on a "variable rate debt instrument" (as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury 
Regulations) that is unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually 
at a single qualified floating rate of interest or at a rate that is determined at a single fixed formula that is 
based on objective financial or economic information. A rate is a qualified floating rate if variations in the 
rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed 
funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. For this purpose, if a floating rate Note provides 
for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate and if 
the variable rate on the floating rate Note's issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the 
value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 0.25 
per cent.), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute a single variable rate. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount (generally, 1»4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the 
number of complete years to maturity or the weighted average maturity, as applicable) the Note will not be 
considered to have original issue discount. U.S. Noteholders with a de minimis amount of original issue 
discount will include this original issue discount in income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal 
payments are made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original issue discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest 
payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. U.S. Holders of original issue discount Notes (other than short-term Notes, as defined below) 
will be required to include in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes the sum of the daily portions of 
the original issue discount for each day on which the U.S. Holder held the Note. The U.S. Holder will be 
required to include such original issue discount as it accrues in accordance with a constant yield method 
based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including stated interest, acquisition discount, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount, 
market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond 
premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding 
of interest (a "constant yield election"). 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or investors may have an unconditional option to 
require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if the 
Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be 
presumed to be exercised if the exercise of the option will lower the yield on the Note. Conversely, if 
investors have an unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity 
date, this option will be presumed to be exercised if the exercise of the option will increase the yield on the 
Note. If an option that is presumed to be exercised based on this rule is in fact not exercised, the Note will 
be treated solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new Note 
were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue price on that 
date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price of 
the Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments 
other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Short-Term Notes 
A Note that matures (after taking into account the last possible date that the Note could be outstanding 
under the terms of the Note) one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated 
as being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated 
interest (as defined above). In general, a cash-method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to 
accrue the discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. If a cash method U.S. 
Holder does not make this election, the U.S. Holder should include interest payments as ordinary income 
upon receipt. Holders who elect to accrue the discount, and certain other U.S. Holders, including those who 
report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are required to 
include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is made to 
accrue the discount according to a constant-yield method based on daily compounding. In the case of a U.S. 
Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in income currently, any gain 
realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note generally will be ordinary income to 
the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method

--- Page 226 ---
- 225 - 
based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement. In addition, those U.S. 
Holders will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or 
carry short-term Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount until the accrued discount is 
included in income. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in the Note. Gain or loss, if any, generally will be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a 
U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. Amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or discount 
are treated as interest as described under "– Payment of Interest," "– Short-Term Notes" and "– Original 
Issue Discount" above. 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note generally will 
be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement 
the Note has been held for more than one year. Exception to this general rule applies to the extent of any 
accrued discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's taxable income. See "– Short-Term Notes" 
and "– Original Issue Discount" above. In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case 
of contingent payment debt instruments, foreign currency Notes, optionally exchangeable Notes and 
mandatorily exchangeable Notes. See "– Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" and –"Foreign Currency 
Notes" below.  The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the timing and amount of payments on a Note is subject to contingencies and the Note is not a qualifying 
variable rate debt instrument (as defined above), the Note generally will be classified as a contingent 
payment debt instrument for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a Note is treated as a contingent payment 
debt instrument, no payment on such instrument qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. Holder 
must account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and the 
differences between actual payments on the contingent payment debt instrument and the instrument's 
"projected payment schedule" as described below. The comparable yield is determined by the Issuer at the 
time of issuance of the contingent payment debt instrument and takes into account the yield at which the 
Issuer could issue a fixed rate debt instrument with no contingent payments, but with terms and conditions 
otherwise similar to those of the contingent payment debt instrument. The comparable yield may be greater 
than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the instrument. 
Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to 
accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, the Issuer may be required to construct a "projected 
payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would produce a 
yield to maturity on the instrument equal to the comparable yield used. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer 
regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and 
projected payment schedule established by the Issuer in determining interest accruals and adjustments in 
respect of a contingent payment debt instrument, unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the 
use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
will be required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount 
of any contingent payments on the instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over 
actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year (i) will first reduce 
the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a U.S. Holder would 
otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year and (ii) any excess will give rise to an ordinary

--- Page 227 ---
- 226 - 
loss to the extent that the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt 
instrument exceeds the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss 
on the contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the limitation imposed on itemised deductions. Any net negative 
adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to offset future interest income 
in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount realised on a sale, exchange 
or retirement of the instrument. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument (including a delivery of 
property pursuant to the terms of the instrument), a U.S. Holder generally will recognise taxable gain or 
loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. If a U.S. Holder is paid property, other than 
cash, in retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, the amount realised will equal the fair market 
value of the property, determined at the time of retirement, plus the amount of cash, if any, received in lieu 
of property. A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to 
the extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments 
previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. The deductibility of capital 
losses is subject to limitations. In addition, if a U.S. Holder recognises loss above certain thresholds, the 
U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a 
contingent payment debt instrument, including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right, equal to 
the fair market value of the property determined at the time of retirement. The U.S. Holder's holding period 
for the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules will apply if one or more contingent payments on a contingent payment debt instrument 
become fixed. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a payment (including an amount payable at maturity) 
will be treated as fixed if (and when) all remaining contingencies with respect to it are remote or incidental 
within the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations. If one or more contingent payments on a 
contingent payment debt instrument become fixed more than six months prior to the date the payment is 
due, a U.S. Holder would be required to make a positive or negative adjustment, as appropriate, equal to 
the difference between the present value of the amounts that are fixed, using the comparable yield as the 
discount rate, and the projected amounts of the contingent payments relevant as provided in the projected 
payment schedule. If all remaining scheduled contingent payments on a contingent payment debt instrument 
become fixed substantially contemporaneously, a U.S. Holder would be required to make adjustments to 
account for the difference between the amounts so treated as fixed and the projected payments in a 
reasonable manner over the remaining term of the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in the contingent payment debt instrument and the character of any gain or loss on the sale of the 
instrument would also be affected. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning the 
application of these special rules. 
Premium 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its stated redemption price at maturity (as 
defined above under "– Original Issue Discount"), the U.S. Holder will be considered to have purchased 
such Note with "amortisable bond premium" equal in amount to such excess, and generally will not be 
required to include any original issue discount in income. Generally, a U.S. Holder may elect to amortise 
such premium as an offset to qualified stated interest income, using a constant yield method similar to that 
described above (see "– Original Issue Discount" above), over the remaining term of the Note (where such 
Note is not redeemable prior to its maturity date). In the case of Notes that may be redeemed prior to 
maturity, the premium is calculated assuming that the U.S. Holder will exercise or not exercise its 
redemption rights in a manner that maximises the U.S. Holder's yield and the Issuer will exercise or not 
exercise its redemption rights in a manner that lowers the yield on the Note. A U.S. Holder that elects to 
amortise bond premium must reduce such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium 
used to offset qualified stated interest income as set forth above. An election to amortise bond premium 
applies to all taxable debt obligations held during or after the taxable year for which the election is made 
and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS.

--- Page 228 ---
- 227 - 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply to Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than 
the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in one or more currencies or 
currency units other than the U.S. dollar ("foreign currency Notes"). 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange 
or other disposition of a foreign currency Note to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules 
applicable to foreign currency Notes are complex and may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a 
U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal 
income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a currency other than the U.S. dollar with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to 
include in income the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined on the date the 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the time, and 
this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including original issue discount) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken 
into account with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of the 
accrued income will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual 
period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial 
period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income or loss with respect to 
accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount of ordinary income or loss 
recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. dollar currency payment 
received (determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a U.S. 
Holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar 
value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above). 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period, in the case of a partial accrual 
period, the spot rate on the last day of the accrual period in the taxable year or, if the date of receipt is within 
five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. 
Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and 
cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount on a foreign currency Note is to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. 
Cash method U.S. Holders will be required to account for such original issue discount under rules similar 
to those described above with respect to accrual method U.S. Holders. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium, calculated in units of the 
relevant foreign currency, taken into account on a current basis shall reduce interest income in units of the 
relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss is realised on amortised bond premium with respect to any 
period by treating the bond premium amortised in the period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange 
or retirement of the foreign currency Note. Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as 
described below. If an election to amortise bond premium is not made, any loss realised on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note with amortisable bond premium will be a capital loss to 
the extent of the bond premium. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the 
U.S. Holder's tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for such 
foreign currency Note, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of the 
purchase or adjustment. A U.S. Holder who purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned non-
U.S. currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between 
such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the non-U.S. currency and the U.S. dollar fair market value of the foreign 
currency Note on the date of purchase.

--- Page 229 ---
- 228 - 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is attributable to 
fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as interest 
income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the difference 
between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency nominal amount of the Note, determined on the 
date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. dollar 
currency nominal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Payments 
received attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or discount will be treated in accordance with the rules 
applicable to payments of interest on foreign currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain 
or loss will be recognised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, 
exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will 
be determined by reference to the residence of the U.S. Holder (or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. 
Holder on whose books the Note is properly reflected). Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder in excess 
of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except, in the case of a short-term Note, to 
the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's income. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of 
a foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency, determined at the time of 
sale, exchange or retirement. A cash method taxpayer who buys or sells a foreign currency Note that are 
traded on an established securities market is required to translate units of non-U.S. currency paid or received 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no exchange 
gain or loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the 
purchase or sale. An accrual method taxpayer may elect the same treatment for all purchases and sales of 
foreign currency obligations provided that the Notes are traded on an established securities market. This 
election cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS. Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a 
sale or other disposition of non-U.S. currency (including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase 
foreign currency Notes) will be ordinary income or loss. 
Substitution of the Issuer and Replacement of Reference Rates 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
may be (i) assumed by an Affiliate or (ii) prior to any such assumption, fulfilled by the Issuer acting through 
a different Branch or the UBS Head Office (if the Issuer was not acting through the UBS Head Office prior 
thereto). The terms of the Notes also provide that, in certain circumstances in respect to Notes that are (i) 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes (other than SOFR Notes), the applicable Reference 
Rate may be replaced with a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and (ii) SOFR Notes, the then-
current SOFR Benchmark may be replaced with an alternate rate of interest. Any such assumption, Issuing 
Branch Substitution or replacement of the applicable Reference Rate with respect to the Notes might be 
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange 
for new notes issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be 
required to recognise gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, 
between the fair market value at that time of the U.S. Holder's Notes, and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in 
those Notes. It might also affect the timing and amount of income earned on the Notes for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes in any given tax period. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors concerning the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a substitution in obligor or a replacement of the applicable 
Reference Rate with respect to the Notes. 
IRS Reporting Requirements 
Treasury regulations require U.S. taxpayers to report certain transactions that give rise to a loss in excess 
of certain thresholds (a "Reportable Transaction"). Under these regulations, if Notes are denominated in 
a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder that recognises a loss with respect to the Notes that is characterised as an 
ordinary loss due to changes in currency exchange rates generally would be required to report the loss to 
the IRS if the loss exceeds the thresholds set forth in the regulations. For individuals and trusts, this loss 
threshold is $50,000 in any single taxable year. For other types of taxpayers and other types of losses, the 
thresholds are higher. 
U.S. Holders should consult their own advisors regarding any tax filing and reporting obligations that may 
apply in connection with acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes.

--- Page 230 ---
- 229 - 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on 
these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and comply with certain 
certification procedures or otherwise establish that it qualifies for an exemption from backup withholding. 
The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against 
the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided 
that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
Tax Consequences for Non-U.S. Holders 
Unless a Non-U.S. Holder is receiving payments on or with respect to Notes linked to one or more 
securities, or a basket containing one or more securities, issued by a U.S. issuer, as to payments on any such 
securities, or as discussed below under "FATCA Withholding Tax" or otherwise noted in supplemental 
disclosure for the particular offering of Notes set forth in the relevant Final Terms, a Non-U.S. Holder will 
not be subject to U.S. withholding tax with respect to payments on Notes, but may be subject to generally 
applicable information reporting, and may also be subject to backup withholding requirements with respect 
to such payments unless the Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain certification and identification 
requirements as to the Non-U.S. Holder's non-U.S. status or an exception to the information reporting and 
backup withholding rules otherwise applies. Non-U.S. Holders that receive payments outside the United 
States from a broker or other intermediary that is not a U.S. person and does not have certain other 
connections with the United States generally will not be subject to these information reporting and backup 
withholding rules. 
FATCA Withholding Tax 
Pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold 
on (i) certain payments of U.S. source income and (ii) "foreign passthru payments" (a term which is not yet 
defined) paid to or in respect of persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Switzerland and Australia) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements ("IGAs") with the United States to implement 
FATCA, which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not 
apply to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" in the U.S. Federal Register and, provided that Notes are 
properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding on foreign passthru 
payments unless materially modified after such date or classified as equity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes or do not have a fixed term (whenever issued). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 15 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. In addition, if with respect to Notes issued before the end of the 
grandfathering period there is a substitution of the Issuer (as described under Condition 14 (Meetings of 
Noteholders and Modifications of Terms and Conditions:  Substitution)) that occurs after the grandfathering 
period, the Notes may cease to be grandfathered. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, neither UBS nor any other person 
will be required under the terms of the Notes to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and 
may not be applicable depending upon an investor's particular situation. Prospective investors should

--- Page 231 ---
- 230 - 
consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes and the underlying stock, including the tax consequences under state, local, 
non-U.S. and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws. 
ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that are subject to 
Title I of ERISA, such as pension plans, profit-sharing plans, collective investment funds, separate accounts 
and entities whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans (collectively, 
"ERISA Plans"), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. ERISA also 
imposes limits on transactions between ERISA Plans and the ERISA Plan's service providers or other 
related parties. 
Each ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider ERISA and the regulations and guidance thereunder when 
considering a purchase of the Notes. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans, as well as other "plans" and arrangements 
within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts or "Keogh" plans (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), should also 
consider, among other items, the issues described below when deciding whether to purchase the Notes. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS/Base Listing Particulars IS NOT WRITTEN FOR ANY PARTICULAR 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, AND IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE NEEDS OF ANY PARTICULAR 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS UNDERTAKEN TO 
PROVIDE IMPARTIAL INVESTMENT ADVICE OR TO GIVE ADVICE IN A FIDUCIARY 
CAPACITY, AND NONE OF THESE PARTIES HAS OR SHALL PROVIDE ANY ADVICE OR 
RECOMMENDATION WITH RESPECT TO THE MANAGEMENT OF ANY INVESTMENT OR THE 
ADVISABILITY OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, DISPOSING OR EXCHANGING OF ANY NOTE. THE 
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS GENERAL IN NATURE, IS NOT INTENDED TO BE ALL 
INCLUSIVE AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. EACH FIDUCIARY OF A 
PLAN SHOULD TALK TO ITS LEGAL ADVISER ABOUT THE CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED 
IN THIS SECTION BEFORE PURCHASING THE NOTES. APPLICABLE LAWS GOVERNING THE 
INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS OF GOVERNMENTAL, CERTAIN 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS MAY ALSO CONTAIN FIDUCIARY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF SUCH 
PLANS, IN CONSULTATION WITH THEIR ADVISERS, SHOULD CONSIDER THE IMPACT OF 
SUCH LAWS ON A PURCHASE OF THE NOTES. 
Fiduciary Duty of Investing ERISA Plans 
Under ERISA, a person who exercises discretionary authority or control regarding the management or 
disposition of an ERISA Plan's assets is generally considered a fiduciary of such ERISA Plan. Investments 
by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, which should be taken into account 
with regards to each ERISA Plan's particular facts and circumstances. In considering a purchase of the 
Notes using assets of an ERISA Plan, the ERISA Plan's fiduciary should determine, particularly in light of 
the risks and limited liquidity inherent in a purchase of the Notes, whether the purchase would (i) satisfy 
the diversification requirements of Section 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA, (ii) be in accordance with the 
documents and instruments governing the ERISA Plan pursuant to Section 404(a)(1)(D) of ERISA and (iii) 
be prudent with respect to the Note's structure, potential risks and lack of liquidity. When evaluating the 
prudence of purchasing the Notes, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider the U.S. Department of Labor 
(the "DOL") regulation on investment duties, which can be found at 29 C.F.R. § 2550.404a-1. 
ERISA requires an ERISA Plan's fiduciary to maintain indicia of ownership for the ERISA Plan's assets 
within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Courts. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans should also consider 
ERISA's rules relating to delegation of control, and whether a purchase of the Notes might constitute or 
give rise to a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(as discussed below). 
Administrators of ERISA Plans that purchase the Notes may be required to report compensation, including 
indirect compensation, paid in connection with the ERISA Plan's purchase on Schedule C of Form 5500 
(Annual Return/Report of Employee Benefit Plan). The descriptions in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing

--- Page 232 ---
- 231 - 
Particulars of fees and compensation, including the fees paid to the Dealers, are intended to satisfy the 
disclosure requirement for "eligible indirect compensation", for which an alternative reporting procedure 
on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Prohibited Transactions 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of a 
Plan and certain persons and their affiliates having certain relationships to such Plans (referred to as "parties 
in interest" under Section 3(14) of ERISA and "disqualified persons" under Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code, 
and collectively, "Parties in Interest"). Regardless of whether the underlying assets of the Issuer are 
deemed to include assets of a Plan (as discussed below), a purchase of the Notes by a Plan, to the extent it 
is permitted, may constitute or result in a direct or indirect "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of 
ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code (collectively, "prohibited transaction") if any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, the Registrars or their respective Affiliates (each, a "Transaction 
Party") is considered a Party in Interest to the Plan. 
The Transaction Parties may be Parties in Interest with respect to many Plans. Depending on the satisfaction 
of certain conditions which may include the identity of the fiduciary making the decision to acquire or hold 
the Notes on behalf of a Plan, an administrative or statutory exemption may be applicable to a prohibited 
transaction in respect of a purchase of the Notes. These exemptions include the administrative exemptions 
of prohibited transaction class exemptions ("PTCE") 84-14 (relating to transactions determined by 
independent "qualified professional asset managers"), PTCE 90-1 (relating to insurance company pooled 
separate accounts), PTCE 91-38 (relating to bank collective investment funds), PTCE 95-60 (relating to 
life insurance company general accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by "in-
house asset managers") and the statutory exemption of Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 
4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to the purchase and sale of securities and related lending transactions, 
provided that neither the security's issuer nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary 
authority or control or render any investment advice with respect to the assets of the Plan involved in the 
transaction and provided further that the Plan pays no more than, and receives no less than, "adequate 
consideration" in connection with the transaction). The fiduciary of a Plan that proposes to acquire and hold 
the Notes should consider, among other things, whether such acquisition and holding may involve (i) the 
direct or indirect extension of credit to a Party in Interest, (ii) the sale or exchange of any property between 
a Plan and a Party in Interest or (iii) the transfer to, or use by or for the benefit of, a Party in Interest of any 
assets of a Plan. In this regard, there can be no assurance that any of these exemptions or other exemptions 
will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes or that, if an exemption is 
available, it will cover all aspects of any particular transaction. Most of the exemptions do not provide relief 
from some or all of the self-dealing prohibitions under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Each fiduciary of a Plan that has engaged in a prohibited transaction may be required to, among other 
potential actions, (i) restore to the Plan any profit realized on the transaction, (ii) reimburse the Plan for any 
losses suffered by the Plan as a result of the transaction or (iii) unwind the transaction. Under Section 4975 
of the Code, a Party in Interest may be required to pay excise taxes based on the amount involved in the 
transaction (including a one hundred per cent. (100%) excise tax if the transaction is not corrected within a 
certain time period). 
The Plan Assets Regulation 
Under the DOL regulations at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the "Plan 
Assets Regulation"), if a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity (which is defined as an interest in 
an entity other than an instrument that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and which has 
no substantial equity features) that is neither a publicly offered security nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Plan's 
assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's underlying assets, 
unless it is established that the entity is an "operating company" or that equity participation by "Benefit 
Plan Investors" is not "significant". 
Under the Plan Assets Regulation, an "operating company" is defined as an entity that is primarily engaged, 
directly or through a majority owned subsidiary or subsidiaries, in the production or sale of a product or 
service other than the investment of capital. Equity participation by "Benefit Plan Investors" in an entity is 
"significant" under the Plan Assets Regulation if, immediately after the most recent acquisition of any 
equity interest in the entity, twenty-five per cent. (25%) or more of the value of any class of equity interests

--- Page 233 ---
- 232 - 
in the entity is held by "Benefit Plan Investors". "Benefit Plan Investor" means (i) a Plan or (ii) a person 
or entity whose underlying assets include, or are deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of a Plan's 
investment in the person or entity under the Plan Assets Regulation or otherwise for purposes of Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. This test must be satisfied at each acquisition, transfer or disposition 
of the Notes in order for the assets of the Issuer to not be treated as "plan assets". For these purposes, the 
value of a Note held by certain persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) that have discretionary authority 
or "control" over the assets of the entity or that provide investment advice with respect to such assets for a 
fee, directly or indirectly, or "affiliates" of such persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) are excluded. 
For these purposes, an "affiliate" of a person, as defined in paragraph (f)(3) of the Plan Assets Regulation, 
includes any person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling, controlled by, 
or under common control with the person, and "control", with respect to a person other than an individual, 
means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of such person. 
Although there cannot be any assurance in this regard, the Issuer believes it is an "operating company" 
under the Plan Assets Regulation and that the Notes should be characterised as indebtedness without 
substantial equity features and not as equity interests, unless otherwise indicated in the Final Terms relating 
to such Notes. There is little guidance that can be used to predict when or if the DOL or a court would view 
a security as an equity interest rather than as indebtedness, and it is possible that the DOL could contend, 
and that a court could hold, that any of the Notes are equity interests. If the underlying assets of the Issuer 
are deemed to be "plan assets", the obligations and other responsibilities of Plan sponsors, Plan fiduciaries 
and Plan administrators, and of Parties in Interest, under Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as 
applicable, may be expanded, and there may be an increase in their liability under these and other provisions 
of ERISA and the Code (except to the extent (if any) that a favourable statutory or administrative exemption 
or exception applies). In addition, various providers of fiduciary or other services to the issuer, and any 
other parties with authority or control with respect to the issuer, could be deemed to be Plan fiduciaries or 
otherwise Parties in Interest by virtue of their provision of such services. 
Similar Plans 
"Governmental plans" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, "church plans" within the meaning 
of Section 3(33) of ERISA that have made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code, non-U.S. plans 
described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA and benefit plans that are not Benefit Plan Investors (any such plan, 
a "Similar Plan"), while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of 
Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to a U.S. federal, state, local, 
non-U.S. or other law or regulation that contains one or more provisions that are substantially similar to the 
foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code (any such law or regulation, a "Similar Law"). 
Representations and Warranties 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Note (or an 
interest therein) will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding 
of such a Note (or an interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to 
any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will 
not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction or a violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a 
Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have represented, warranted 
and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), that (X) none of the 
Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan 
Investor, or any fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who otherwise 
has discretion or authority over the investment and management of "plan assets" (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on 
which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire 
such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a 
"fiduciary" as that term is defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating the transaction. 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with these requirements 
above shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no assurance that these representations and warranties

--- Page 234 ---
- 233 - 
will be effective to prevent prohibited transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being 
treated as "plan assets" for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit 
Plan Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein). 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and not intended to be all-inclusive. Any Benefit Plan Investor 
or Similar Plan fiduciary who proposes to cause a Plan or Similar Plan to purchase a Note (or an interest 
therein) to the extent permitted in the relevant Final Terms should consult with its counsel regarding the 
applicability of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code to such an investment, and to confirm that such investment will not constitute or 
result in a prohibited transaction or any other violation of an applicable requirement of ERISA, the Code 
or Similar Law. This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is not directed to any particular prospective 
purchaser, nor does it address the needs of any particular prospective purchaser. 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
("CRS") requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts (which may 
include the Notes) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures.  Holders may be 
requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure compliance with the CRS.  A 
jurisdiction that has signed a CRS Competent Authority Agreement may provide this information to other 
jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement.

--- Page 235 ---
- 234 - 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to all legal and regulatory requirements, Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any 
one or more of UBS AG London Branch, UBS Europe SE, UBS Securities LLC and UBS AG (the 
"Dealers") or to any other person. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed 
to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 26 May 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers, as 
such agreement may be amended or supplemented or superseded from time to time. If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by 
the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. Any such agreement for the issue and subscription of Notes will, amongst other 
things, cover the price of the Notes, any commissions or other deductibles in respect of the Notes, the Form 
of the Notes, any other commercial terms of the issue and subscription of the Notes themselves, and any 
syndication or underwriting of the issue. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
renewal of existing Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers, either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche of Notes. 
UNITED STATES 
(Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms; Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as provided in the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold Notes and will not offer and sell Notes of any Tranche (i) as part of its distribution at any time and (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes and the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration to which it sells Notes of such Tranche from it during the distribution compliance 
period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer 
affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of the Notes in the United States only to qualified institutional 
buyers in reliance on Rule 144A. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale 
of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by a dealer that is not participating in the offering of 
such Notes may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.

--- Page 236 ---
- 235 - 
(A) 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, each Dealer will be required to represent, undertake and agree (and each 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, undertake and 
agree) that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under TEFRA D, (a) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, any Notes in bearer form to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, and (b) it has not delivered 
and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes in bearer form and 
in definitive form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes 
in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, 
except as permitted by TEFRA D; 
(iii) 
if it is a U.S. person, it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and, if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States Treasury 
Regulations §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or successor provisions); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form 
for the purposes of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer 
either repeats and confirms the representations, undertakings and agreements contained in 
sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf or agrees that it will obtain 
from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and 
agreements contained in such sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii); and 
(v) 
shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer and each Manager specified in the Final Terms 
the representations, undertakings and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii), 
(iv) and this sub-clause (v) of this paragraph from any person other than its affiliate or 
such other Manager with whom it enters into a written contract, (a "distributor" as defined 
in United States Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) (or successor provisions)), 
for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes in bearer form. 
(B) 
Where TEFRA D in accordance with usual Swiss market practice is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable in relation to any Tranche of Notes, each Dealer will be required to 
represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, undertake and agree) as provided in paragraph (A) above and additionally 
that, to the extent that such Dealer has been allocated Notes on the Issue Date and sells such Notes 
during the restricted period: 
(i) 
it will use reasonable efforts to sell the Notes within Switzerland; 
(ii) 
it represents that it maintains an office in Switzerland; and 
(iii) 
the representations, agreements and undertakings provided in paragraphs (iv) and (v) in 
paragraph (A) above are amended to include the representations, agreements and 
undertakings in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (B). 
(C) 
In addition, where TEFRA C is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes, such Notes must in their original issuance, be issued and delivered outside 
the United States and its possessions and, accordingly, each Dealer will be required to represent, 
undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer will be required to represent, undertake and agree) 
that, in connection with the original issuance of the Notes: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in bearer form within the United States or its possessions; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or such Dealer is within the United States

--- Page 237 ---
- 236 - 
or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer 
in the offer and sale of Notes in bearer form. 
Terms used in sub-clauses (A), (B) and (C) have the meanings given to them by the Code and the 
regulations thereunder. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee 
of a Note (or an interest therein) will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its 
acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so 
long as it holds such a Note (or an interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan 
Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and 
disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction or a violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee 
of a Note (or an interest therein), that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have represented, 
warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), that 
(X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment 
advice to the Benefit Plan Investor, or Plan Fiduciary, on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or 
Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest 
therein), (Y) the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that 
term is defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of such a Note 
(or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating the transaction. 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with these 
requirements above shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no assurance that these 
representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited transactions from occurring 
or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" for purposes of Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan Investors holding the Notes (or an interest 
therein). 
Each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Applicable" and includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 238 ---
- 237 - 
PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each member state of the EEA, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that member state except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that member state: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that member state (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another member state and notified to the competent authority in that member state, provided that 
any such prospectus which is not a Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Applicable" and includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available such Notes to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 239 ---
- 238 - 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(c) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the FCA, or (ii) is to 
be treated as if it had been approved by the FCA in accordance with the transitional provision in 
Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public 
Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(d) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(e) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(f) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (f) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ADDRESSING ADDITIONAL UNITED KINGDOM SECURITIES 
LAWS 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial Promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer 
was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General Compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ADDRESSING ADDITIONAL NETHERLANDS SECURITIES 
LAWS 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm 
of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. admitted on one or more of the markets or systems held or operated by 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations.

--- Page 240 ---
- 239 - 
No such mediation is required:  (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect 
of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global 
form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into 
The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
AUSTRALIA 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been (or will be) lodged with, or 
registered by, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC"). Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that, unless the relevant Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for the issue, sale 
or purchase of the Notes (or an interest in them) in, or into Australia (including an offer or invitation 
which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus/Base 
Listing Particulars or any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes (or an 
interest in them) in Australia, 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or the equivalent in 
another currency, in either case, disregarding monies lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or 
invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act, (ii) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and does 
not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory authority in Australia, and (iii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G 
of the Corporations Act. 
In addition, and unless the relevant Final Terms otherwise provide, each Dealer has agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, in connection with the primary 
distribution of Notes issued by UBS AG Australia Branch, it will not offer or sell such Notes to any person 
if, at the time of such sale, the officers and employees of the Dealer aware of, or involved in, the sale know 
or have reasonable grounds to suspect that, as a result of such sale, any such Notes, or an interest in any 
such Notes, were being, or would later be, acquired (directly or indirectly) by an "associate" of UBS AG 
within the meaning of section 128F(9) of the Australian Tax Act and associated regulations and, where 
applicable, any replacement legislation including, but not limited to, the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 
of Australia, except as permitted by section 128F(5) of the Australian Tax Act. 
Section 708(19) of the Corporations Act provides that an offer of debentures for issue or sale does not need 
disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act if the Issuer is an ADI. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, UBS AG Australia Branch is licensed by the 
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority as a foreign ADI. 
AUSTRIA 
In addition to the provisions of the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, the Notes may be 
offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar (Emissionskalender) of the 
Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the

--- Page 241 ---
- 240 - 
Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), as amended, has been filed as soon as 
possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of the Notes. 
IRELAND 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
1. 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations, 2017 (as 
amended, the "MiFID II Regulations"), including Regulation 5 (Requirement for Authorisation 
(and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made under 
the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
2. 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Irish Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
3. 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect to the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and 
4. 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 
(as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
SINGAPORE 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 242 ---
- 241 - 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
HONG KONG 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
1. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
2. 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
PRC 
The Dealers have acknowledged that this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, and the Notes and any 
material or information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars relating to the Notes, have not been, and will not be submitted to become, approved/verified by 
or registered with any relevant government authorities under the PRC law. Accordingly the Notes may not 
be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC and this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars may 
not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the 
Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. The material or information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or 
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. The Notes may only be invested 
in by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of the type being offered or sold. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not made, and will not make, any offers, 
promotions, solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where 
permitted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the People's Bank of China and other competent 
authorities or where the activity otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. PRC investors should note that 
they themselves are responsible for informing themselves about and observing all legal and regulatory 
restrictions, obtaining all relevant government approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations (if any) 
from all relevant PRC governmental authorities (including but not limited to the China Banking and 
Insurance Regulatory Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the State Administration

--- Page 243 ---
- 242 - 
of Foreign Exchange and/or other relevant regulatory bodies), and complying with all the applicable PRC 
regulations, including but not limited to any relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas 
investment regulations. 
TAIWAN 
Subject to the paragraph below, the Notes may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors 
or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase outside Taiwan by such 
investors and/or (ii) in Taiwan, (A) in the case of Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Regulation Governing Offshore Structured Products of the Republic of China ("OSP Regulation") through 
bank trust departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance 
policies pursuant to the OSP Regulation or (B) in the case of Notes which are not "structured products" 
under the OSP Regulation, through properly licensed Taiwan intermediaries (including the non-
discretionary monetary trust of licensed banks in Taiwan acting as trustees) in such manner as complies 
with Taiwan law and regulation and/or (iii) in such other manner as may be permitted in accordance with 
Taiwan laws and regulations. 
As to the Notes to be listed on the Professional Board of Taipei Exchange in Taiwan pursuant to the Rules 
Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds of the Taipei Exchange, 
the above selling restriction is not applicable and following selling restriction shall apply instead:  the Notes 
have not been, and shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than 
"professional institutional investors" as defined in Paragraph 2 of Article 4 of Taiwan Financial Consumer 
Protection Act. 
CANADA 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or any Final Terms (including 
any amendment or supplement thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions 
of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. 
JERSEY 
The Notes are not and will not be registered in Jersey. 
The Notes may be offered, sold or delivered to investors resident in Jersey. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the "Commission") has given and not withdrawn its consent 
under Article 8(2) of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, to the circulation in Jersey 
of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the relevant Final Terms in respect of each issue of 
Notes. The Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against 
any liability arising from the discharge of its functions under the law. 
BELGIUM 
This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial 
Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that Notes that have a 
maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments (and that therefore fall outside 
the scope of the Prospectus Regulation) may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities 
to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 244 ---
- 243 - 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute 
or cause to be distributed, this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers. For these purposes, a "Belgian 
Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), 
being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her 
trade, business or profession. 
SWITZERLAND 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the FinSA and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any Final Terms nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to any Notes (A) constitutes a prospectus as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (B) has been or will be filed with or approved 
by a Swiss Review Body; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars nor any Final Terms nor other 
offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, 
(i) 
if and when this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (together with any supplements 
hereto) has been automatically recognised as an approved base prospectus (within the 
meaning of article 45 of the FinSA) in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA by a 
Swiss Review Body, and published in accordance with the FinSA, this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (as supplemented from time to time) may be used, 
subject to any other applicable requirements under the FinSA or the FinSO, for any public 
offering of Notes in Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of Notes 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in respect of any Notes to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree that (A) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of 
the FinSA and/or (B) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit 
such Notes to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable requirements of the FinSA in 
connection with such offering and/or application for admission to trading. 
(c) 
Under no circumstances may Notes with a derivative character within the meaning of article 86(2) 
of the FinSO be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in 
Switzerland, unless a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58(1) 
FinSA (or any equivalent document under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such Notes. 
(d) 
The Notes do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (as amended, the 
"CISA"), and, therefore, the Notes are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by FINMA, 
and investors in the Notes will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by 
FINMA. 
SPAIN 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars have been registered with the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, the Notes may

--- Page 245 ---
- 244 - 
not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except 
in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with 
all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the 
Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
FRANCE 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Offer to the public not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
in relation to any offer of Notes to the public in France which is not exempt from the obligation to 
establish and publish a prospectus set out in Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation, it has only 
offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes and it has only distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the 
Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to such Notes in circumstances where the Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars has 
been notified to the Autorité des marchés financiers in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
in relation to any offer of Notes in France which is exempt from the obligation to establish and 
publish a prospectus set out in Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation, it has only offered or sold 
and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France to such qualified investors the Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
GENERAL 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material 
and to obtain any consent, approval or permission required by them for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by them of any Notes under the law and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which they are subject or 
in which they make such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, in all cases at their own expense, and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. In accordance with the above, any Notes 
purchased by any person which it wishes to offer for sale or resale may not be offered in any jurisdiction 
in circumstances which would result in the Issuer being obliged to register any further prospectus or 
corresponding document relating to the Notes in such jurisdiction. 
In particular, but without limiting the generality of the preceding paragraph, and subject to any amendment 
or supplement which may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of any particular Series or Tranche, each 
purchaser of Notes must comply with the restrictions described below, except to the extent that, as a result 
of changes in, or in the official interpretation of, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, non-
compliance would not result in any breach of the requirements set forth in the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 246 ---
- 245 - 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
1. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
On or prior to the 40th day after the issue date of a Tranche of Notes represented by an Unrestricted 
Global Note, a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note may be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such beneficial interest through the Restricted Global Note only upon receipt 
by the relevant Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in substantially the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who 
is or whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer, in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with applicable securities laws. After 
such 40th day, such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
A beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note may also be transferred to a person who wishes 
to hold such beneficial interest through the Unrestricted Global Note only upon receipt by the 
relevant Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in substantially the form scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
applicable securities laws. 
Any beneficial interest in either the Restricted Global Note or the Unrestricted Global Note that is 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the other such 
Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be a beneficial interest in such Global Note and become 
a beneficial interest in the other such Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all 
transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to a beneficial interest in the other such Global 
Note for so long as such person retains such an interest. 
Restricted Global Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Global Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A, by accepting delivery 
of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the Restricted Global Notes, will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows: 
(i) 
It (A) is a qualified institutional buyer, (B) is acquiring the Restricted Global Notes for its 
own account or for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, (C) is not 
formed for the purpose of investing in the Restricted Global Notes or the Issuer and (D) is 
aware, and each beneficial owner of such Restricted Global Notes has been advised, that 
the sale of the Restricted Global Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(ii) 
The Restricted Global Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in 
accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, 
reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, (b) in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, (c) pursuant to an exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available) or (d) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and (ii) it 
will, and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Global Notes is required to, notify any 
purchaser of the Restricted Global Notes from it of the resale restrictions on the Restricted 
Global Notes. 
(iii) 
The Restricted Global Notes and any Registered Notes in definitive form offered in 
reliance on Rule 144A or exchanged for Restricted Global Notes ("Restricted Definitive 
Notes") will bear a legend to the following effect, unless the Issuer determines otherwise 
in accordance with applicable law: 
"THIS GLOBAL NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION OF THE

--- Page 247 ---
- 246 - 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON THAT THE 
SELLER OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES 
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 
144A (A "QIB") UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS, (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED 
BY RULE 144A (IF AVAILABLE), OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION 
CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY 
RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE NOTES." 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
"EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN) 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO 
LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR 
PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS 
THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR 
LAW"), OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 
(OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR 
LAW. 
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" 
BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE 
FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A 
"GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A NON-U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A 
"CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT 
HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A 
BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT

--- Page 248 ---
- 247 - 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN 
ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH A 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THESE 
REQUIREMENTS ABOVE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO." 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms it will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an 
interest therein), that (i) either (A) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any 
Similar Law. 
A "Benefit Plan Investor" is an "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 
3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a "plan" within the meaning of Section 
4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code or a person or entity 
whose underlying assets include, or are deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of an 
investment in the person or entity by the foregoing employee benefit plan or plan under 
the U.S. Department of Labor regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by 
Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. A "Similar Plan" is a "governmental plan" within the meaning of Section 3(32) 
of ERISA, a non-U.S. plan described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA, a "church plan" within 
the meaning of Section 3(33) of ERISA that has made no election under Section 410(d) of 
the Code or a benefit plan that is not a Benefit Plan Investor. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of a Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note 
(or an interest therein), that (X) none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents, 
the Registrars or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") has provided 
any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor, or any 
fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who otherwise 
has discretion or authority over the investment and management of "plan assets" ("Plan 
Fiduciary"), on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in 
connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the 
Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of 
such a Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
(v) 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with 
these requirements above (iii) and (iv) shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no 
assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan 
Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein).

--- Page 249 ---
- 248 - 
(vi) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and 
others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of 
Restricted Global Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). If it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more qualified 
institutional buyers, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each 
of those accounts and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note or a Restricted Definitive 
Note bearing the legend referred to above, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the 
Issuer will deliver only Restricted Definitive Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove 
such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the relevant Registrar 
an opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of United States counsel experienced in giving 
opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the United States to the effect 
that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to maintain 
compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Unrestricted Global Notes and Uncertificated Swiss Notes 
Each purchaser of Unrestricted Global Notes and/or Uncertificated Swiss Notes sold pursuant to 
Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of such Unrestricted Global Notes and/or 
Uncertificated Swiss Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, 
by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars and the Unrestricted Global 
Notes and/or Uncertificated Swiss Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Unrestricted Global Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Notes are purchased 
will be, the beneficial owner of such Unrestricted Global Notes or Uncertificated Swiss 
Notes and (a) it is not a US person and it is located outside the United States (within the 
meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on 
behalf of such an affiliate. 
(ii) 
It understands that such Unrestricted Global Notes and Uncertificated Swiss Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and that, prior 
to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Unrestricted Global Notes or Uncertificated Swiss Notes except 
(a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf 
reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account, or for 
the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers or (b) in an offshore transaction 
in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(iii) 
It understands that the Unrestricted Global Notes, unless otherwise determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the 
following form: 
"THIS GLOBAL NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT, 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT."

--- Page 250 ---
- 249 - 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
"EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN) 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO 
LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR 
PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS 
THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR 
(II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" 
BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE 
FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A 
"GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A NON-U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A 
"CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT 
HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A 
BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN 
ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH A 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THESE 
REQUIREMENTS ABOVE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO."

--- Page 251 ---
- 250 - 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms it will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an 
interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction or a violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of a Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note 
(or an interest therein), that (X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan 
Fiduciary, on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in 
connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the 
Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of 
such a Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
(v) 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with 
these requirements above (iii) and (iv) shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no 
assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan 
Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein). 
(vi) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and 
others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of 
Unrestricted Global Notes and/or Uncertificated Swiss Notes is no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). If it is acquiring any Notes for the 
account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each of those accounts and that it has full power to 
make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each 
such account. 
Unified Global Notes 
In the case of the issue or transfer of Notes to or for a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Notes represented by a Unified Global Note, within the period when the Notes represented by a 
Unified Global Note are not "freely tradable" as defined in Condition 4(f) (Transfer of Registered 
Notes): 
(a) 
Purchases:  Each purchaser of Notes represented by a Unified Global Note will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that either (x) it is a QIB purchasing (or 
holding) the Notes for its own account or the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware, 
and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that any sale is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A and it has delivered an investor representation letter from the 
relevant transferee substantially in the form of Schedule 3 (Form of Transfer Certificate) 
to the Agency Agreement or (y) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person. 
(b) 
Transfers:  In the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of Notes 
represented by a Unified Global Note, from a holder of Notes represented by that Unified 
Global Note within such period, upon (x) with respect only to transfers pursuant to Rule 
144A, delivery of a duly executed investor representation letter from the relevant 
transferee substantially in the form of Schedule 3 (Form of Transfer Certificate) to the 
Agency Agreement and (y) certification (in the form available from any Paying Agent) to 
the Registrar by the transferor thereof that such transfer is being made either (x) to a person

--- Page 252 ---
- 251 - 
whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is acquiring such Notes in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or (y) to a non-U.S. person in an 
offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
(c) 
Legend:  Each Unified Global Note will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. THE 
PURCHASER OF ANY NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE, 
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON 
THE TRANSFER OF THE NOTES AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER 
ANY NOTE ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO 
HEREIN OR IN THE FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT OR DRAWDOWN 
PROSPECTUS ATTACHED HERETO. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND THE FINAL TERMS OR PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN AND OTHER THAN PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR OTHERWISE 
THEREUNDER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS INCLUDING THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO 
THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND SHALL BE DELIVERED TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE ARE 
TRANSFERRED. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR THE RESALE OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH 
IT IS PURCHASING THAT IT AND EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS 
EITHER (i) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN 
A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (ii) NOT A U.S. PERSON AND HAS ACQUIRED SUCH 
INTEREST IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS 
OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. FOR PURPOSES OF THE 
PRECEDING SENTENCE, THE TERM "U.S. PERSON" MEANS (A) A "U.S. 
PERSON" AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
(B) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN THE INTERPRETIVE GUIDANCE AND 
POLICY STATEMENT REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN SWAP 
REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE COMMODITY FUTURES AND 
TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") PURSUANT TO THE CEA, OR (C) A 
PERSON OTHER THAN A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC RULE 4.7, IN EACH CASE, AS SUCH DEFINITION MAY BE AMENDED, 
MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME. ANY RESALE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER OF INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE MAY, IF APPLICABLE, REQUIRE THE TRANSFEROR 
TO SUBMIT TO THE REGISTRAR A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER, IN THE 
APPROPRIATE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 3 (FORM OF TRANSFER 
CERTIFICATE) TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN, 
TOGETHER, WITH RESPECT ONLY TO TRANSFERS PURSUANT TO RULE 144A

--- Page 253 ---
- 252 - 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WITH A DULY EXECUTED INVESTOR 
REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE 
FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 3 TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED 
TO HEREIN. IF AT ANY TIME THE REGISTRAR SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES 
OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT THE HOLDER OF ANY 
INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE 
WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
AGREEMENT SET FORTH IN ANY INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER OR 
ANY DEEMED REPRESENTATION OR AGREEMENT OF SUCH HOLDER, THE 
PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO 
AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE PURPORTED TRANSFEREE (SUCH 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A "DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE") AND THE 
LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT A 
DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A 
HOLDER THEREOF RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF SUCH TRANSFER OF 
SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH HOLDER. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A REGISTRAR, THE PURCHASER 
AGREES TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE 
WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED 
GLOBAL NOTE IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE NOTES AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON 
AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE 
OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE PURCHASER 
OF A NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS UNIFIED GLOBAL NOTE, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT." 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms: 
"EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN) 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO 
LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR PLAN" 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT 
ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR 
(II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" 
BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE 
FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF

--- Page 254 ---
- 253 - 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A 
"GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A NON-U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A 
"CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT 
HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A 
BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE 
AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN 
ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH A 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THESE 
REQUIREMENTS ABOVE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. " 
(d) 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms it will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an 
interest therein), that either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be) acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a 
Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction or a violation of any Similar Law. 
Moreover, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of a Note (or an interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note 
(or an interest therein), that (X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan 
Fiduciary, on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in 
connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest therein), (Y) the 
Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of 
such a Note (or an interest therein) and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own 
independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
(e) 
Any purported transfer of such a Note (or an interest therein) that does not comply with 
these requirements above (c) and (d) shall be null and void ab initio. There can be no 
assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" 
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan 
Investors holding the Notes (or an interest therein). 
(f) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and 
others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements,

--- Page 255 ---
- 254 - 
representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of Unified 
Global Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
2. 
EXCHANGE OF INTERESTS IN REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES FOR REGISTERED 
DEFINITIVE NOTES 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note will be exchangeable for Restricted Definitive 
Notes:  (i) if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Restricted Global Note or ceases to be a 
"clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, or is at any time no longer eligible to act as 
such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of 
such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or (ii) if the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate 
the book-entry system through DTC; or (iii) if Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or 
Clearstream Frankfurt is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or (iv) if an 
event of default occurs as set out in Condition 11 (Events of Default); or (v) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, if the holder of the relevant Restricted Global Note requests that such interest 
be exchanged for Restricted Definitive Notes in the relevant form. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, 
for Registered Notes in definitive form ("Unrestricted Definitive Notes" together with the 
Restricted Definitive Notes, the "Registered Definitive Notes"):  (i) in the case of any Unrestricted 
Global Note held by or on behalf of DTC, (a) if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing 
or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note or ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, 
or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified 
successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or 
(b) if the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate the book-entry system through DTC; or (ii) if 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or Clearstream Frankfurt is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or (iii) if an event of default occurs as set out in Condition 11 
(Events of Default); or (iv) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, if the holder of the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note requests that such interest be exchanged for Unrestricted Definitive 
Notes in the relevant form. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery of Unrestricted Definitive Notes in 
exchange for the Unrestricted Global Notes and/or Restricted Definitive Notes in exchange for the 
Restricted Global Notes, as the case may be. A person having an interest in a Registered Global 
Note must provide the relevant Registrar with (i) a written order containing instructions and such 
other information as the Issuer and the relevant Registrar may require to complete, execute and 
deliver such Registered Definitive Notes and (ii) in the case of the Restricted Global Note only, a 
fully completed, signed certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not 
transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant 
to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 144A. Restricted Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in the Restricted 
Global Note shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A, as set out under 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global Note 
for Registered Definitive Notes for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for any 
payment of principal.

--- Page 256 ---
- 255 - 
GENERAL CONSENT - THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the "Authorised Offeror Terms") will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Notes, if 
(and only if) Part B of the relevant Final Terms specify "General Consent" as "Applicable". They are the 
Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the "Acceptance Statement" to be published on the 
website of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and (b) 
accepts such offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
Applicable Rules:  acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, 
without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability 
of any investment in the Notes by an Investor and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
Selling Restrictions:  complies with the restrictions set out under "Selling Restrictions" in 
this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Manager; 
(c) 
Fees, commissions and benefits:  ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, 
rebate received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the 
Notes does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential 
Investors; 
(d) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions:  holds all licences, consents, approvals 
and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales 
of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(e) 
Violation of Rules:  immediately gives notice to the Issuer and the Managers if at any 
time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms 
of this subparagraph, and takes all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply 
with such Rules and this subparagraph in all respects; 
(f) 
MiFID II:  complies with the target market and distribution channels identified under the 
"MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption:  complies with, and takes appropriate 
steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of 
corruption and "know your client" Rules, and does not permit any application for Notes in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the 
application monies; 
(h) 
Record-keeping:  retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by 
the Rules, make such records available to the Manager(s) and the Issuer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the Manager(s) in order to 
enable the Issuer and/or the Manager(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the Issuer and/or the 
Manager(s); 
(i) 
Breach of Rules:  does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or any Manager to 
breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or any Manager to any requirement to obtain or make 
any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(j) 
Legal or publicity names:  does not use the legal or publicity names of the Managers, the 
Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective 
groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any 
statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Notes; 
(k) 
Information:  does not give any information other than that contained in this Base 
Prospectus (as may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make

--- Page 257 ---
- 256 - 
any representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest 
in, the Notes; 
(l) 
Communication:  agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise 
includes any announcement published by the Issuer in relation to the relevant Public Offer 
at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with this Base Prospectus, and (in any 
case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and must 
state that such Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer and must 
expressly confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any 
such communication; and 
(m) 
Any other conditions:  agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 8 of Part B of 
the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the 
Managers (in each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, 
agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, 
expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised 
thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) 
which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation 
to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, 
warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any 
unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to 
observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary 
of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the Managers. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by 
the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use this Base Prospectus with its consent 
in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract" and all 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by English law; 
(b) 
subject to (c) below, the courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine 
any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Authorised Offeror Contract or any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
or the consequences of the nullity of the Authorised Offeror Contract (respectively, 
"Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. The Dealers irrevocably waive any objection which they might 
now or hereafter have to any such court being nominated as the forum to hear and 
determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agree not to claim that any such 
court is not a convenient or appropriate forum; 
(c) 
the submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of the Issuer, the Managers or any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law; 
(d) 
Managers will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to 
enforce those provisions of the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary, 
formed upon acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use of this

--- Page 258 ---
- 257 - 
Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer, which are, 
or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, 
warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to 
the Authorised Offeror Terms; and 
(e) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not 
a party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror 
Contract at any time.

--- Page 259 ---
- 258 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer passed on 24 June 1998. The 2015 annual update of the Programme and subsequent 
annual updates of the Programme were authorised by the Group Treasurer of the Issuer on 19 June 
2015. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
2. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus or the Base Listing Particulars (as applicable) to 
be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market and its Global 
Exchange Market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. It is expected that each Series of Notes which is to be admitted to Euronext Dublin 
will be admitted separately as and when it is issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant Notes 
(in Bearer or Registered form and in global or definitive form). 
It is further expected that the admission of Notes issued under the Programme to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market will be granted after the Central Bank has 
provided the CSSF with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Prior to the listing of any Notes, the constitutional 
documents of the Issuer and the legal notice relating to the issue were registered with the Registre 
de Commerce et des Sociétés à Luxembourg where copies of these documents may be obtained 
upon request. It is further expected that the admission of Notes, issued under the Programme to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market, will be granted. 
It is further expected that this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto), together 
with evidence of the Central Bank Approval, will be filed with a Swiss Review Body for automatic 
recognition as an approved base prospectus (within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA) in 
accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA. In connection with any such filing, such Swiss Review 
Body will not review or approve this Base Prospectus (as so supplemented) or any subsequently 
published supplements hereto. Once this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) 
has been so filed and published in accordance with the FinSA, this Base Prospectus (together with 
any supplements hereto published from time to time, which supplements, once approved by the 
Central Bank, will be filed with the Swiss Review Body and published in accordance with the 
FinSA) may be used, subject to any other applicable requirements under the FinSA or the FinSO 
for any public offering of Notes in Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of 
Notes on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. In such case, the relevant Final Terms will be filed with the Swiss Review 
Body and published in accordance with the FinSA. The Central Bank is not the competent authority 
and will neither approve nor review the Final Terms in respect of such Notes.  The Issuer will, at 
its specified offices in Switzerland, provide, free of charge, upon the oral or written request, a copy 
of any such Final Terms.  The Final Terms for any such Notes will not be reviewed or approved 
by such Swiss Review Body.  In the case of any Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, UBS AG will act as listing agent on its own behalf. 
3. 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission to trading of the Notes, that if while 
the Notes are outstanding and admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and/or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin there shall occur any significant new factor which 
is not reflected in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (or any supplements thereto or any 
of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars) 
and/or there shall be any material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (or any supplements thereto or any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars), in each case which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation 
of any amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars or, as the case 
may be, publish a new Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering by the Issuer of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or to trading on the Regulated Market and/or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 260 ---
- 259 - 
4. 
Save as disclosed in the "Description of UBS AG" section in this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars, no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which UBS AG is aware) which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on UBS AG's and/or UBS AG Group's financial position or 
profitability, are or have been pending during the last 12 months until the date of this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
5. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of UBS AG 
or UBS AG Group since 31 March 2022, which is the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published. 
6. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of UBS AG and UBS AG Group since 
31 December 2021. 
7. 
For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 the consolidated financial statements of UBS AG 
were audited, without qualifications, by Ernst & Young Ltd, chartered accountants. Ernst & Young 
Ltd is a member of EXPERTsuisse, the Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary. 
8. 
As long as any Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Regulated Market, the 
Global Exchange Market, and the SIX Swiss Exchange, Paying Agents will, if required, be 
maintained in London, Luxembourg, Dublin and Zurich, respectively. 
9. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, electronic 
versions of the following documents (including English translations where relevant) may be 
inspected at the registered office of the Issuer, the office of the relevant Agent in London, the office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and the office of the Paying Agent in Dublin and, in the case 
of items (i), (ii) and (iii) below, shall be available free of charge from the office of the Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg, in the case of items (i) – (iv) at https://www.ubs.com, in the case of items 
(v) and (vi) at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and in the case of item (vii) at 
http://www.bourse.lu/. 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of UBS AG (as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Annual Report 2021 and the Annual Report 2020; 
(iii) 
the Standalone Financial Statements 2021 and the Standalone Financial Statements 2020; 
(iv) 
the UBS Group First Quarter 2022 Report and the UBS AG First Quarter 2022 Report; 
(v) 
any amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars published 
since the date of this Base Prospectus Base Listing Particulars; 
(vi) 
each Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme that are 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market; 
(vii) 
each Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme that are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market; and 
(viii) 
each Pricing Supplement for Notes issued under the Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars (including the documents incorporated by 
reference herein and any supplements hereto) and the Final Terms for any Tranche of Notes that 
are publicly offered in Switzerland and/or with respect to which application will be or has been 
made to admit such Notes to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange can be obtained in electronic or 
printed form, free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted), from the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 261 ---
- 260 - 
The Issuer will, at its specified offices in Switzerland, provide, free of charge, upon the oral or 
written request, a copy of any such Final Terms. The Final Terms for any such Notes will not be 
reviewed or approved by such Swiss Review Body. In the case of any Notes to be admitted to 
trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, UBS AG will act as listing agent on its own behalf. 
10. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
11. 
Notes which may be listed on the Regulated Market and/or admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on a "regulated market" (for 
the purposes of MiFID II) situated or operating in a member state of the European Union may not 
(a) have a minimum denomination of less than €1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), 
or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the 
Issuer or by any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in 
such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. Notes in registered form 
sold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be issued in denominations of at least US$100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency rounded upwards as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
higher integral multiples of at least US$1,000 (or its equivalent as aforesaid). 
12. 
In addition to the applications already described in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may, on or after 
the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more further certificates of approval 
under the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be issued by the Central Bank of 
Ireland to the competent authority in any Member State. 
13. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. The 
address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard de Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium, and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The appropriate 
Common Code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), CUSIP, Financial 
International Short Name (FISN), Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code or VPS 
identification number (as applicable) in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be contained 
in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
14. 
In the case of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) in global form, held in a clearing system, 
investors will have certain direct rights of enforcement against the Issuer in the event of such global 
note becoming void ("Direct Rights"). The Direct Rights are contained in a Deed of Covenant 
executed by the Issuer, copies of which are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the office of the relevant Agent. 
15. 
Regulations in Australia restrict or prohibit payments, transactions and dealings with assets having 
a prescribed connection with certain countries or named individuals or entities subject to 
international sanctions or associated with terrorism. 
16. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business, and which could result in any member of the UBS AG Group being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
17. 
Except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, no expenses will be chargeable by the relevant 
Issuer to a Noteholder in connection with any offer of Notes. Any expenses chargeable by an 
Authorised Offeror to an Investor shall be charged in accordance with any contractual 
arrangements agreed between the Investor and such Authorised Offeror at the time of the relevant 
offer. 
18. 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. In 
the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, 
the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche.

--- Page 262 ---
- 261 - 
19. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
20. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments 
21. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official 
list or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
22. 
To the extent that any underwriter that is not U.S. registered broker-dealer intends to effect any 
offers or sales of any notes in the United States, it will do so through one or more U.S. registered 
broker-dealers in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations. 
23. 
The language of this Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is English. Certain legislative 
references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
24. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of UBS AG is BFM8T61CT2L1QCEMIK50. 
25. 
This Base Prospectus/Base Listing Particulars is valid until 26 May 2023. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus/Base Listing 
Particulars after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 263 ---
- 262 - 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF UBS AG 
Aeschenvorstadt 1 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS AG BRANCHES 
UBS AG Australia Branch 
Level 16, Chifley Tower 
2 Chifley Square 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch 
52/F, Two International Finance Centre 
8 Finance Street 
Central 
Hong Kong 
UBS AG Jersey Branch 
1 IFC 
St Helier JE2 3BX 
Jersey 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS Securities LLC 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
AGENTS 
The Bank of New York 
Mellon, 
acting through its London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4 
D-60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS AG 
Aeschenvorstadt 1 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
IRISH PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV Dublin Branch 
Hanover Building 
Windmill Lane 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
PAYING AGENTS AND REGISTRARS 
U.S. Bank Trust National Association 
100 Wall Street, Suite 600 
New York NY 10005 
United States of America 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 264 ---
- 263 - 
UBS AG 
Aeschenvorstadt 1 
4002 Basel 
Switzerland 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4 
D-60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building- Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London Branch 
Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Swiss law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Homburger AG 
Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
To the Dealers as to Australian law 
To the Dealers as to Jersey law 
King & Wood Mallesons 
Level 61, Governor Phillip Tower 
1 Farrer Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey 
To the Issuer as to New York law 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
125 Broad Street 
New York 
New York 10004-2498 
United States 
AUDITORS 
To UBS AG 
Ernst & Young Ltd 
Aeschengraben 27 
4051 Basel 
Switzerland