--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 3 AUGUST 2022 
 
 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE 
(incorporated in the Republic of France as a European public company with limited liability) 
 (as Issuer) 
EURO 20,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD N.V.  
(incorporated in The Netherlands as a public company with limited liability) 
 
URW AMERICA INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware as a corporation with 
shareholders that have limited liability) 
WEA FINANCE LLC 
(formed in Delaware as a limited liability 
company) 
 
WCL FINANCE PTY LIMITED 
(incorporated in Australia as a proprietary 
company limited by shares) 
WESTFIELD AMERICA TRUST 
(established in Australia as a unit trust and in 
respect of which Westfield America Management 
Pty Limited is the trustee) 
 
WESTFIELD CORPORATION LIMITED 
(incorporated in Australia as a public company 
limited by shares) 
 
WFD TRUST 
(established in Australia as a unit trust and in 
respect of which Westfield America Management 
Pty Limited is the trustee) 
 
WESTFIELD UK & EUROPE FINANCE PLC 
(incorporated in the United Kingdom as a public company with limited liability) 
(each as Guarantors) 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE ("URW SE" or the "Issuer"), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes (the "Notes") irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. 
("URW NV"), URW America Inc. ("URW America"), WEA Finance LLC ("WEAF"), WCL Finance Pty 
Limited ("WCLF"), Westfield America Trust (in respect of which the trustee is Westfield America 
Management Pty Limited) ("WAT"), Westfield Corporation Limited ("WCL"), WFD Trust (in respect of 
which the trustee is Westfield America Management Pty Limited) ("WFDT") and Westfield UK & Europe 
Finance plc ("WUKEF") (in each case, in such capacity, the "Guarantor" and together, the 
"Guarantors"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 
20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) unless the amount of the Programme is increased 
following the date hereof. Notes issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus will be governed by 
French law. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may continue to issue Notes under the Programme which 
will be governed by English law in the case of Tranches (as defined below) of English-law governed Notes 
which are to be consolidated with, and form part of, the same Series (as defined below) of Notes issued 
under the Programme prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (the “English Law Notes”), to the extent 
that the terms and conditions of such Series are incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents 
incorporated by reference"). Any English Law Notes will be issued pursuant to a set of Final Terms, the 
form of which is set out herein, which must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented) and the terms and conditions of the relevant Series which are incorporated by reference 
herein.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are set out herein in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions").  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a separate base prospectus in respect of the Issuer for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus supersedes 
and replaces the base prospectus dated 5 August 2021 and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as 
of the date of its approval by the AMF. Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this 
Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes already issued.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in 
its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code 
monétaire et financier. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and the Guarantors that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus, nor of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made, for the period of 12 months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base 
Prospectus, for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Luxembourg Stock Exchange") 
and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined 
below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
are regulated markets for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets (a "Regulated Market") published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"). The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which 
is contained herein) in respect of the issue of the Notes will specify whether or not the Notes will be listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be not less than €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, in each case, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
The Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside 
France. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes will be issued in either (i) bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur) inscribed as from the relevant issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear 
France") as central depositary which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as 
defined below) including Euroclear and the depositary bank for Clearstream or (ii) registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either (x) administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the 
Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on 
behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). "Euroclear France Account Holder" means any 
authorised intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and the depositary bank for Clearstream. 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global 
Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with the Notes issued as Materialised Notes. No interest 
will be payable on the Temporary Global Certificate. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged 
for Definitive Notes as described in "Provisions relating to Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect 
of Materialised Notes". Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the relevant issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. See "Provisions relating 
to the Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes". 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the consolidated group composed of URW SE and URW NV and 
their respective subsidiaries ("URW") has been designated a corporate credit rating of "BBB+" (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Deutschland  GmbH ("Moody's") has 
assigned it a long-term credit rating of " Baa2" (stable outlook). The Programme has been rated BBB+ by 
S&P and Baa2 by Moody's. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. Whether 
or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been (1) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and, if the credit rating agency 
is registered under the EU CRA Regulation, the Final Terms shall specify that such credit rating agency is 
included 
in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The issue price, interest (if any) payable, the aggregate nominal amount and other terms and conditions not 
contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "General Description of the 
Programme") of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and the Relevant Dealer(s) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes 
and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Prospective Investors should have regard to the factors described under the section "Risk Factors" 
in the Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in any Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 HSBC 
 ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley  
 NatWest Markets 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) comprises a separate base prospectus for the 
Issuer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard 
to the Issuer, each of the Guarantors, URW and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the 
Issuer, each such Guarantor, URW and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and URW and the rights attaching to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on 
the Issuer, the Guarantors and URW.  
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published and is to be read 
in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"). Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes 
only and the information in such websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in "Summary"). Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Notes made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs or no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer, the Guarantors or URW since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restriction on distribution 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFERING OR SALE OF NOTES IN 
CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. PERSONS INTO WHOSE 
POSSESSION THIS BASE PROSPECTUS COMES ARE REQUIRED BY THE ISSUER, THE 
GUARANTORS, THE DEALERS AND THE ARRANGER TO INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT AND 
TO OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS. NEITHER ANY NOTES NOR THE GUARANTEES 
HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") AND SUCH NOTES MAY BE SUBJECT TO U.S. 
TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor the Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus, or 
for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer, any Guarantor or URW or the issue or offering of the Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which 
it might have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, any 
Guarantor or URW during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus, nor to advise

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such determination; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined 
above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products as defined in SF (CMP) Regulations and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Australian Product Governance – This Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, and no prospectus 
or other disclosure document in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission or any other regulatory authority in Australia and this 
Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, a document containing disclosure to investors for the 
purposes of Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (the "Corporations Act"). It is not intended 
to be used in connection with any offer for which such disclosure is required and does not contain all the 
information that would be required by those provisions if they applied. It is not to be provided to any‘retail 
client’for the purposes of Section 761G or Section 761GA of the Corporations Act. None of the Issuer or 
the Guarantors are licensed to provide financial product advice in respect of the Notes or the Guarantees. 
Cooling-off rights do not apply to the acquisition of the Notes. 
Important notice relating to Eligible Assets 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the 
Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in "green", "environmental" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
No assurance is given by URW that the use of such proceeds for any construction work and/or development 
projects that meet the Eligible Assets criteria will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any construction work and/or development projects that meet the Eligible Assets 
criteria.  
It should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "environmental" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", 
"environmental" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label and, if developed in the future, Notes issued 
under the Programme the proceeds of which are specified in the relevant Final Terms to finance Eligible 
Assets (the "Green Bonds") may not comply with any such definition or label. The Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation (as defined below) establishes a basis for the determination of such a definition in 
the EU. However, the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy (as defined below) remains subject to the 
implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for 
the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation only some of which 
have been implemented as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Therefore, no assurance is or can be given 
to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any construction work 
and/or development projects that meet the Eligible Assets criteria. Such concepts are the subject of a wide 
variety of market-driven voluntary principles and guidelines (such as the Green Bond Principles, Social 
Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines) as well as of a number of regulatory initiatives from 
around the world. For example, and in particular, a basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the European Union with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 
of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
"Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). Other such regulatory frameworks are 
being developed in other jurisdictions that are expected to evolve over time. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by URW) which may be made available

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
in connection with the issue of Notes and in particular with construction work and/or development projects 
that meet the Eligible Assets criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by URW or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was 
initially issued. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
No sustainability representations 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental and 
sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are 
responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Assets 
meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds required by prospective investors or 
the delivery or content of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of Notes. Investors should refer to URW’s 
website for information.  
Omission from inclusion in the Base Prospectus of certain historical financial information 
In accordance with Article 18 of the Prospectus Regulation, the AMF granted, at URW's request, approval 
to omit from the Base Prospectus historical financial information for URW America, WEAF, WCLF, 
WFDT, WUKEF, WAT and WCL for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, 
as would otherwise have been required pursuant to item 3 of Annex 21 and item 11 of Annex 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The financial 
information from the URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial Report incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus includes all of the subsidiaries of URW, including URW America, WEAF, WCLF, WFDT, 
WUKEF, WAT and WCL. As at 30 June 2022:  
• 
URW America represented a total contribution of €10 billion to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 
20.0%), a total contribution of €3.8 billion to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 15.7%) and a total 
contribution of minus €250 million to URW's net result (i.e. -41.61%);  
• 
WEAF represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €263 million to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 1.1%) and a total contribution of €0 
to URW's net result (i.e. 0%);   
• 
WCLF represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 0%) and a total contribution of €0 to URW's 
net result (i.e. 0%);  
• 
WFDT represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 0%) and a total contribution of €0 to URW's 
net result (i.e. 0%); 
• 
WUKEF represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €932 million to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 3.8%) and a total contribution of €15 
million to URW's net result (i.e. 2.5%);  
• 
WAT represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 0%) and a total contribution of €0 to URW's 
net result (i.e. 0%); and  
• 
WCL represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €932 million to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 3.8%) and a total contribution of 
minus €15 million to URW's net result (i.e. -2.4%).  
Suitability of investment in the Notes  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for the principal or interest payments is different from the potential purchaser’s currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any financial 
markets and of any financial variable which might have a negative impact on the return on the 
Notes; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may adversely affect its investment and its ability to 
bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial, legal, tax and/or accounting adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value 
of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. Prospective purchasers should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of 
the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. For further information, see "Risk Factors". 
Considerations for investors relating to the credit rating of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may (whether or not upon the solicitation of the Issuer) 
assign credit ratings to the Notes. The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P and Baa2 by Moody's, 
however these ratings may not necessarily reflect the rating that might or will be assigned to any particular 
issue of Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and 
other factors that may affect the market value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In addition, a 
rating downgrade may lead to an increase in the cost of financing for the Issuer and may therefore lead to 
difficulties for the Issuer to meet its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes.  
The market value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and any Guarantor. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings 
accorded to the outstanding securities of the Issuer and/or any such Guarantor, as the case may be, by 
standard statistical rating services, such as S&P and Moody's. URW has been assigned a corporate credit 
rating of "BBB+" (stable outlook) by S&P and a long-term credit rating of "Baa2" (stable outlook) by 
Moody's.  
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer's and the Guarantors' jurisdictions of 
incorporation.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder upon the sale or redemption of the 
Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to 
pay taxes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Withholding taxes may be imposed, withholding tax 
exemptions may be disapplied and/or increased rates of withholding tax may be applied with respect to the 
Notes and/or any Guarantee to certain investors in certain jurisdictions in certain circumstances.  
Potential investors are advised to seek their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................. 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 22 
CROSS REFERENCE TABLE IN RESPECT OF INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE ............................................................................................................................................. 25 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 29 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 30 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT 
OF THE MATERIALISED NOTES .......................................................................................................... 74 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEES ................................................................................................ 75 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 77 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE ................................................................................................. 79 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS ............................................................................................... 81 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 96 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 102 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 121 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ....... 125

--- Page 12 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer 
URW SE 
Guarantors  
URW NV 
URW America 
WEAF 
WCLF 
WAT 
WCL 
WFDT 
WUKEF 
Description 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes. 
Notes will be guaranteed by URW NV, URW America, WCLF, WEAF, 
WAT, WCL, WUKEF and WFDT. 
Notes issued by URW SE on or after the date of this Base Prospectus will 
be governed by French law. For the avoidance of doubt, URW SE may 
continue to issue Notes under the Programme which will be governed by 
English law in the case of Tranches (as defined below) of English-law 
governed Notes which are to be consolidated with and form part of, the 
same Series (as defined below) of Notes issued under the Programme prior 
to and including the 2016 Base Prospectus (the “English Law Notes”). 
Size 
The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, from time to time issue Notes denominated in any 
currency. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed Euro 20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies), subject to any duly authorised increase. 
Arranger  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank, HSBC Continental 
Europe, ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch, J.P. Morgan SE, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V. and Société Générale. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" 
are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" 
are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent and 
Principal Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Paris in relation to the Notes other than 
the English Law Notes. In relation to the English Law Notes, BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Paris 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may 
be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed with 
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche,

--- Page 13 ---
2 
 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
set out in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), in such 
denominations of not less than Euro 100,000 (or the equivalent in another 
currency). Materialised Notes will only be issued outside France. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any 
other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as 
central depositary. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and the relevant Dealers, including euro. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity. 
Denomination 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that in respect of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or offered to the public 
within the territory of any EEA State, in each case in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
such Notes will have a minimum specified denomination of Euro 100,000 
(or the equivalent in another currency). Dematerialised Notes may be 
issued with one denomination only. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the  ISDA Definitions as defined in 
the Conditions or the FBF Definitions (as published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française), as amended, updated and/or 
supplemented;  
 
• 
by reference to EURIBOR or EUR CMS or any Replacement 
Reference Rate; 
• 
by reference to SONIA, calculated using either "Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Lag" or the "Observational Shift Method";  
• 
by reference to Compounded SOFR; or

--- Page 14 ---
3 
 
• 
by reference to the Benchmark Replacement if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Replacement Date have occurred, 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin and for any Benchmark 
Amendments. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, EUR CMS), 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate at the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate (which shall never be less than zero), or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption 
Unless redeemed earlier as described in "Redemption by Instalments", 
"Optional Redemption", "Make-whole Redemption" and/or "Clean-up 
Call Option", the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at par. 
If the Issuer and/or, as the case may be, a Guarantor would on the occasion 
of the next payment of principal or interest and other assimilated revenues 
due in respect of the Notes or (if it were called) under its Guarantee, not 
be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole (but not in part). 
If the Issuer would on the next payment date of principal or interest and 
other assimilated revenues in respect of the Notes, be prevented by French 
law from making payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full 
amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts, the Issuer shall be required to redeem the Notes in 
whole (but not in part). 
Make-whole Redemption  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole (but not in part), at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date, at the Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
Redemption by 
Instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and 
the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (including a Clean-up Call Option) (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders. 
Status of Notes 
The Notes of each Series will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge in Condition 3) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and shall (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable law) rank 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status of Guarantees 
Each Guarantee constitutes the direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the negative pledge in Condition 3) unsecured obligation of the

--- Page 15 ---
4 
 
relevant Guarantor and shall (subject to such exceptions as are from time 
to time mandatory under the jurisdiction the country and/or state of 
incorporation or establishment of the relevant Guarantor, as applicable) 
rank pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Guarantor. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge". 
Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will contain an event of default 
provision as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default". 
Rating 
URW has been assigned a corporate credit rating of "BBB+" (stable 
outlook) by S&P and Moody's has assigned it a long-term credit rating of 
"Baa2" (stable outlook).  
 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P and Baa2 by Moody's. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Each Rating Agency ascribes particular meaning to each of its rating 
according to its own criteria. For example, as defined by S&P, a BBB is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is still adequate. The capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered adequate. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest and other assimilated revenues by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or by the Guarantors in respect of the Notes or 
the Guarantees, as the case may be, shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within the jurisdiction of the country and/or 
state of incorporation or establishment of the Issuer or any Guarantor or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Governing Law 
French law in relation to the Notes (other than the English Law Notes) and 
English law in relation to the English Law Notes. The Guarantees shall be 
governed by English law.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
The Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on Euronext Paris 
and/or the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. However, Notes may also 
be issued under the Programme whereby they will be admitted to trading 
and/or quotation by other stock exchanges, listing authorities and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, or may be unlisted, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions 
The Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §

--- Page 16 ---
5 
 
l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") shall apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 17 ---
6 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and, as the case may be, the Guarantees. All of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or the 
Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe are specific to the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the 
Notes and material for an informed investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under 
the Programme are described below.  
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer (or any 
Guarantor) to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes and, as the case 
may be, the Guarantees may occur for other reasons. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
References in this Risk Factors section to other defined terms are to the terms as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Risks related to URW 
A. 
Risks related to URW SE  
For risk factors related to URW SE, please see pages 421-437 of the URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document, incorporated by reference herein. In addition, please see Update of the Risk Factors 
(Geopolitical Impacts Only) on page 130 of the URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial Report, incorporated 
by reference herein.  
The following categories of risk factors are mentioned in the URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document:  
Category #1: Business sector and operational risks  
A. Retail market evolution and disruption  
B: Mergers & acquisitions, investment and divestment  
C. Leasing and commercial partnerships  
D. Development, design and construction management 
E. Information technology system and data: continuity and integrity  
F. Brand and reputation  
Category #2: Financial and tax risks  
A. Access to capital and financial market disruption  
B. Risk related to financial forecasts and guidance 
C: REIT status and tax compliance  
Category #3: Environmental and social responsibility risks  
A. Recruitment, retention and succession plan 
B. Climate change and societal risks  
Category #4: Security, health and safety risks  
A. Terrorism and major security incident 
B. Health and safety (H&S) (including pandemic and natural disasters)  
Category #5: Legal and regulatory risks  
A. Legal and regulatory  
B. Corruption, money laundering and fraud risks

--- Page 18 ---
7 
 
 
B. 
Risks related to URW NV 
For risk factors related to URW NV, please see pages 107-115 of URW NV 2021 Annual Report, 
incorporated by reference herein.  
The following categories of risk factors are mentioned in the URW NV 2021 Annual Report:  
Category #1: Business sector and operational risks  
A. Retail market evolution and disruption 
B. Mergers & acquisitions, investment and divestment 
C. Leasing & commercial partnerships 
D. Refurbishment 
E. Information technology systems & data, continuity and integrity 
F. Brand & reputation 
Category #2: Financial and tax risks 
A. Access to capital and financial market disruption 
B. REIT status & regime (tax) 
C. Material financial misstatements 
Category #3: Environmental and social responsibility risks  
A. Recruitment, retention & succession  
B. Climate change and societal risks 
Category #4: Security, health and safety risks  
A. Terrorism and major security incidents 
B. Health and safety (including pandemic and natural disasters) 
Category #5: Legal and regulatory risks 
A. Legal & regulatory 
B. Corruption, money laundering & fraud 
In addition, investors should note the risk factor below. 
Corporate benefit, financial assistance laws and other limitations on the Guarantees granted by URW NV 
may adversely affect their validity and enforceability. 
URW NV's articles of association (statuten) expressly provide that one of its objects is to furnish guarantees 
for the benefit of URW SE and its affiliated bodies. URW NV has carried out all the corporate procedures 
which it considers necessary for it to be able to validly enter into its Guarantees. However, if a court were 
nonetheless to hold the Guarantees unenforceable for any reason, including due to a contravention of Dutch 
laws relating to corporate benefit (ultra vires), fraudulent conveyance and financial assistance, such court 
could also hold that the payment obligations under such unenforceable Guarantees are ineffective, or 
require the Noteholders to repay any amounts received with respect to such unenforceable Guarantees. In 
the event of a finding that a fraudulent conveyance occurred in respect of URW NV, Noteholders may cease 
to have any claim in respect of URW NV as Guarantor and would be creditors solely of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Dutch FII regime (please see "Description of the Guarantors - Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield 
N.V. – FII Status" below for more information) currently includes a requirement that URW SE holds at 
least a one-third interest in the share capital of URW NV. Should URW SE's interest fall below one-third, 
URW NV would lose favourable tax treatment on payments of dividends received from any US subsidiary, 
which may affect its ability to respect its payment obligations under its Guarantees (if called upon).

--- Page 19 ---
8 
 
Risks related to the Notes  
Other than in sub-category B below which includes risks specific to particular Series of Notes which cannot 
therefore be compared against each other, in each sub-category below the Issuer and the Guarantors set out 
the most material risks, in their assessment, taking into account the adverse impact of such risks on the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and URW and the probability of their occurrence. The following sub-categories of 
risk factors are identified: 
A. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
Not all subsidiaries are guaranteeing the Notes. Termination of the Guarantee. 
The Guarantee is being provided only by certain subsidiaries of URW SE or URW NV, namely URW 
America, WEAF, WCL, WAT, WCLF, WFDT and WUKEF. Not all of the current and future subsidiaries 
of URW SE or URW NV will guarantee the Notes nor are there are any provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes requiring any such subsidiaries to become a guarantor of the Notes even in the 
event that any such subsidiary were to guarantee the indebtedness of URW SE or any other member of 
URW. 
Accordingly, this limits the ability of the Noteholders to seek recourse against those URW Group members 
which are non-guarantor subsidiaries since Noteholders do not have any rights against any such non-
guarantor subsidiaries and in the event that any such non-guarantor subsidiaries becomes insolvent, 
liquidates, reorganises, dissolves or otherwise winds up, the assets of such non-guarantor subsidiary will 
be used first to satisfy the claims of its creditors. Noteholders’ claims will be structurally subordinated to 
the claims of the creditors of (including lenders to, or beneficiaries of guarantees given, by) such non-
guarantor subsidiaries. 
The terms of the Guarantee provide that the obligations of any Guarantor may be terminated without the 
prior approval of any Noteholders or, where applicable, any Couponholders or Receiptholders if, (a) 
pursuant to a reorganisation of URW, such Guarantor merges with, or all or substantially all of its assets 
and liabilities are transferred to, any other Guarantor or the Issuer, or (b) the Credit Rating (as defined in 
the Guarantee) would not be adversely affected by such termination. No other conditions apply and any 
decisions as to whether the termination of a Guarantee would adversely affect the Credit Rating is at the 
sole discretion of the relevant rating agency. See "Description of the Guarantees" below. If there is no 
adverse impact on the Credit Rating and the Guarantee so terminates in respect of any Guarantor, the 
Noteholders’ claims will become structurally subordinated to the claims of the creditors of, and the 
Noteholders will be limited in their ability to seek recourse against, the URW Group member who ceased 
to be the Guarantor. In particular, in the case of the insolvency or liquidation the Noteholders will not have 
access to the assets of the non-guarantor URW Group member until after all of its creditors have been paid 
and the remaining assets have been distributed up to the Issuer or a Guarantor, as the case may be.  
Not all Guarantors are Principal Subsidiaries. 
Not all the Guarantors fall within the definition of Principal Subsidiaries set out in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) and accordingly such Guarantors will not fall within the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge) or certain of the provisions of Condition 9 (Events of Default). As of 30 June 2022, only URW NV 
and URW America are Principal Subsidiaries. Therefore, the Guarantors that are not Principal Subsidiaries 
(i.e. the Guarantors other than URW NV and URW America) are not subject to restrictions on creation of 
security over their assets and, if any such security is created, the Noteholders’ claims will be subordinated 
to the claims of other secured creditors of such Guarantors.  
In the event that the Guarantors that are not Principal Subsidiaries (i.e. the Guarantors other than URW NV 
and URW America) were declared insolvent or were liquidated, this subordination of Noteholders' claims 
to other secured creditors of such Guarantors may reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders, 
possibly leading to the loss of all or part of their investment.  
None of the Issuer or the Guarantors are prohibited from incurring further indebtedness, which may rank 
senior to, or pari passu, with the Notes and there are only limited restrictions related to the granting of 
security over their assets. 
There are no restrictions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes on the amount of indebtedness that the 
Issuer or any Guarantor may incur or guarantee that ranks senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The

--- Page 20 ---
9 
 
incurrence or guaranteeing of any such indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by investors in 
respect of any such Notes upon the Issuer's or any such Guarantor’s bankruptcy.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge that prohibits the Issuer and the Principal 
Subsidiaries in certain circumstances from creating security over assets but only to the extent that such 
security is used to secure other bonds or similar listed or quoted debt instruments (see Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge)). Nor do the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain any covenants restricting the operations 
of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries.  
If the Issuer's and/or any such Guarantor’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the relevant Noteholders 
could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest and reduction of 
interest and principal and, if the Issuer and/or any such Guarantor were liquidated, the relevant Noteholders 
could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
Insolvency Laws and the EU Restructuring Directive. 
Insolvency laws and the EU Restructuring Directive (as defined below) could have a material adverse effect 
on Noteholders' rights and claims under the Notes.  
The Issuer is incorporated in the Republic of France as a European public company with limited liability. 
In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the 
insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed 
under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. The Directive (EU) 
2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on 
measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of 
debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132, has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 
2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 (the “2021 Ordonnance”). Such ordonnance, which entered into force 
on 1 October 2021, amended French insolvency laws in particular with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to the 2021 Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain 
class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a 
way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest 
based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, 
as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially 
other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may be overridden by a cross-class cram down. This 
limitation could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments 
in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could 
have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, any decisions taken by a class of 
affected parties could materially and adversely impact the Noteholders and, depending on the nature of the 
decisions, cause them to lose all or a part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part 
of the amounts due to them from the Guarantors. 
B. 
Risks related to the commercial terms of a particular Series of Notes, including interest rate 
and early redemption  
B.1 Interest Rate Risk 
Fixed Interest Rate Risk.  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest 
("Fixed Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). While the nominal 
interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of 
such Note or a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies 
on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary 
market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate 
Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest 
Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield

--- Page 21 ---
10 
 
of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Noteholders should be aware that 
movements of the Market Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can have a material adverse effect on the 
price of the Notes in the secondary market and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested 
if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the 
Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes 
that bear interest at a floating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") (see Condition 4(b) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes)). The floating rate of interest is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate. This volatility may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes.  
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted 
to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 4(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). The 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date 
specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes, if, as a result of the conversion, the investors would be receiving less yield than without the 
conversion. If a fixed rate is converted into a floating rate, the rate spread between the fixed rate and the 
floating rate may be less favourable than the rate spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the 
same reference rate. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the 
rates on comparable Fixed Rate Notes. Any market volatility in interest rates may have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (see Condition 4(c) (Zero Coupon 
Notes Provisions)). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of 
Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are 
substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses 
than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon 
Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than 
the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate Notes. Any future market volatility in 
interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks".  
Pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Screen Rate Determination - 
IBOR), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks". "Benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and ongoing reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on 
the liquidity and market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". In

--- Page 22 ---
11 
 
particular, in 2019, the method of determination of EURIBOR was changed by its administrator, the 
European Money Markets Institute. Because of the change in method, historical trends with respect to 
EURIBOR may not be indicative of trends that might apply on the basis of the new determination method. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of 
the EU on 29 June 2016 and has been in force since 1 January 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") took effect on 1 January 2021 but effectively encapsulates post-Brexit 
(and pending any future amendments) the provisions of EU Benchmarks Regulation. The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and UK respectively. The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks" (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not so authorised / registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised / 
registered on the FCA Register in accordance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which seek to offset any 
material adverse effects for the Noteholders, each of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the market value and return of any Notes 
referencing a "benchmark", including, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing 
or increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with 
the cessation or wind-down of certain "benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to 
delegate a statutory replacement for said "benchmark" on the Commission or the relevant national authority, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under 
the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of 
cessation of the "benchmark" concerned. For instance, if pursuant to the fallback methods of determining 
the interest rate on the Notes specified in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
a "benchmark" is replaced by a "benchmark" which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from 
the underlying market or the economic reality that the "benchmark" in cessation is intended to measure, a 
statutory replacement of such "benchmark" may be designated. This replacement could have a negative 
impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or 
referencing such "benchmark" and may not operating as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable "benchmark".  
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country "benchmark" are extended until the end of 2023 and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such 
developments may create uncertainty regarding any further legislative or regulatory requirements arising 
from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the market value of 
and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark".

--- Page 23 ---
12 
 
Floating Rate Notes – risks relating to benchmark discontinuation. 
Pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in respect of any applicable 
Floating Rate Notes (in particular Notes for which the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, EUR CMS as well as 
SONIA but not SOFR (as defined below)), if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date that the relevant Reference Rate (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use an alternative 
reference rate determined by an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent") appointed by the 
Issuer who will (i) use the substitute rate or successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the specified currency specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards or (ii) if no such public selection has occurred, determine a substitute or successor rate 
which is substantially comparable to the Reference Rate and is an industry accepted successor rate for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate (the "Replacement Reference Rate"). 
If a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer but for any reason a Replacement 
Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate or any 
other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Reference 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period in such case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes. See "Fixed Interest Rate Risk" above. In 
this case, holders of such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest 
rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of 
such Notes could therefore be materially adversely affected.  
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. This 
could materially adversely affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and 
expected performance the relevant benchmark. If any adjustment factor is to be applied to any Series of 
Notes, it might not adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, 
and market value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur 
costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR and SONIA as reference rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of interbank 
offered rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring financial 
markets to transition away from IBORs to near risk free rates ("RFRs") which exclude the element of 
interbank lending. RFRs may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the 
majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen RFR is an overnight rate (for example, the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA") in respect of GBP and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in 
respect of USD), with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated on a backward looking basis, rather 
than on the basis of a forward looking term. As such, investors should be aware that RFRs may behave 
materially differently from EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest reference rates for the Notes. Investors 
should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to RFRs such as SONIA and SOFR 
as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to already existing benchmarks 
(issued pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Screen Rate 
Determination - IBOR)). In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SOFR and SONIA, including term SOFR and SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR or SONIA rate over a 
designated term). The nascent development of these rates as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of SOFR and SONIA based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SONIA and/or SOFR and/or any other RFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to 
develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such RFRs. The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of SONIA and/or SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in

--- Page 24 ---
13 
 
Conditions 4(b)(iii)(D) and/or 4(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including in relation 
to fallbacks in the event that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) and used in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes referencing any such RFR issued under this Programme. Since RFRs are relatively 
new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities 
linked to SONIA, SOFR and/or any other RFR, such as the spread over the relevant rate reflected in interest 
rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes linked to SONIA, SOFR and/or any 
other RFR may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR and SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR and SONIA in other 
markets, such as the derivatives or loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SOFR and SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing SOFR and SONIA.  
Historical levels are not an indication of its future levels. 
Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the 
potential performance of RFRs and therefore Noteholders should not rely on any such data or trends as an 
indicator of future performance. Daily changes in RFRs have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of debt securities 
linked to RFRs may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. The 
future performance of any RFR is impossible to predict, and therefore no future performance of any RFR 
should be inferred from any hypothetical or historical data or trends. Calculation of Interest Rates based on 
RFRs are only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest on Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of 
the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult 
investors in Notes that reference such rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable 
on such Notes. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR (issued 
pursuant to Conditions 4(b)(iii)(D) or 4(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). There can be 
no guarantee that such rates will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant rate. In 
particular, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrators of SONIA 
and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these 
RFRs, including changes related to the method by which such RFRs are calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rates, or timing related to the publication of such rates. 
An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing any such RFR. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the 
trading prices of such Notes. 
In addition, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) as administrator may after the 
relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case a 
Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
would occur and the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes specified in Condition 
4(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes would apply, potentially resulting in the determination 
of a Benchmark Replacement (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
and, if necessary, the application of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as defined in 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes).  
Furthermore, with respect to the Rate of Interest based on SONIA, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Rate 
of Interest shall be (x) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (y) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date, 
effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
14 
 
B.2 Early redemption risks  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons.  
In the event that the Issuer or any Guarantor would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect 
of any Notes or, as the case may be, under its Guarantee, due to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of the Issuer, or, as the 
case may be, of any such Guarantor or a political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 5(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons)). Such early redemption would be at the Redemption Amount of such 
Notes, which in almost all cases would be their principal amount, together with any accrued interest. As a 
consequence of such early redemption the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, 
and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
in such a case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose 
to reinvest moneys they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes.  
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, 
including a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer and a Clean-up Call Option (as described in Conditions 
5(d) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) and 5(f) (Clean-up Call Option), respectively). Such right of 
redemption is often provided for securities in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. The 
redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes shall be the nominal amount together with accrued 
interest in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Clean-Up Call Option and the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption as determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(d) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) (which shall not be lower than their nominal 
amount) together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
In addition, if (i) both the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Issuer Call Option (as described 
in Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's Option)) are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, with the Optional Redemption Date being exercisable 
within a specified period before the Maturity Date and (ii) the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant 
to the Make-whole Redemption before the Optional Redemption Date, the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount will be calculated taking into account such Optional Redemption Date and not the Maturity Date. 
As a result, the Noteholders will receive a lower redemption amount than they would otherwise normally 
receive.  
As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, 
and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest 
moneys they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield 
than the redeemed Notes. 
No Obligation to notify Clean-up Call Option Trigger. 
With respect to Condition 5(f) (Clean-up Call Option), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform 
Noteholders if and when such aggregate nominal amount of the Notes has been, or is about to be, redeemed 
which will result in the minimum percentage of Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms (or less) 
remaining outstanding thereby entitling the Issuer to exercise its Clean-up Call Option. In this case the 
Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect 
of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss for the Noteholders.

--- Page 26 ---
15 
 
Partial redemption at the option of the Issuer. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes 
at the option of the Issuer is made (pursuant to Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
exercise of Issuer's Options)), any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option 
is not exercised may become illiquid. This, in turn, may have a material adverse impact on the market value 
of the Notes. 
Exercise of put option in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which 
such put option is not exercised. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption of Notes held by any 
Noteholder at its option (Condition 5(g)(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders)). Depending on the 
number of Notes in respect of which the put option provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes is 
exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such put option is not exercised 
may become illiquid. This, in turn, may have a material adverse impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi which is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions 
on the remittance of Chinese Yuan RMB ("RMB") into and out of the PRC; there is only limited availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of these events may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes and the 
Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the RPC to service RMB Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated 
in Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC 
Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC"), has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation 
may be discontinued and new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future which have the 
effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in 
recent years to internationalise the currency, there is still a risk that the PRC Government might impose 
interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.  
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB 
Notes may be adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC laws and regulations may be 
promulgated and the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect 
of limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be terminated or amended in the future, each of 
which may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required 
to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US 
Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange 
rate at that time. 
Any gain realised on the transfer of the RMB Notes by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual 
Noteholders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax or PRC individual income tax if such gain is 
regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC, and may materially and adversely affect the value 
of the Noteholder's investment. 
Risks relating to Green Bonds. 
The Final Terms relating to Green Bonds will provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to finance (through loans or equity) the 
construction and/or development of Eligible Assets of the Issuer (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds"

--- Page 27 ---
16 
 
section below and further described in the URW Green Bond Framework (as amended and supplemented 
from time to time)). 
The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting 
consistent with guidelines published by the International Capital Markets Association set out in the GBP 
(as defined below).  
V.E (formerly Vigeo SAS) ("Vigeo"), which has its registered address at Tour Cityscope, 3 rue Franklin, 
93100 Montreuil, France has been appointed to provide a second party opinion on the URW Green Bond 
Framework, assessing the environmental added value of the URW Green Bond Framework and its 
alignment with the Green Bond Principles updated in March 2015 (the "GBP").  
In particular, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "environmental" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", 
"environmental" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label and if developed in the future the Green 
Bonds may not comply with any such definition or label. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the European Union with the 
publication of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of 
the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation only some 
of which have been implemented as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, alignment of the financing and/or refinancing of the construction and/or development of 
Eligible Assets with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is not certain and any such project might not 
meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus as completed or specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the financing and/or refinancing of the construction and/or development of Eligible 
Assets might not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts could occur during the implementation of the financing and/or 
refinancing of the construction and/or development of Eligible Assets. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for the 
financing and/or refinancing of the construction and/or development of Eligible Assets or to obtain and 
publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications or the fact that the maturity of an eligible 
green or social asset or project may not match the minimum duration of any Green Bonds will not (i) 
constitute an Event of Default under the Green Bonds or a default of the Issuer for any purpose (ii) give 
rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of 
a Noteholder against the Issuer or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds or be 
a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) 
on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred right against such assets. 
Similarly, while the Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of proceeds of the Notes, any 
failure to do so will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any 
purpose, (ii) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes, as the case may be. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes to construction work and/or 
development projects that meet the Eligible Assets criteria as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion 
or certification of any third party made available in connection with the issue of Notes or any such opinion 
or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of such Notes and also potentially the market value of any other Notes which are intended to finance and/or 
refinance construction work and/or development projects and/or result in material adverse consequences

--- Page 28 ---
17 
 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As a 
consequence, the market value and trading on such Notes may decrease and Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment in the Notes. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to (i) the suitability of any Notes to fulfil environmental, 
social and/or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors, (ii) whether the net proceeds of the 
issuance of the Notes will be used to finance and/or refinance the construction and/or development of 
Eligible Assets, as applicable or (iii) the characteristics of relevant projects or businesses to whom the 
proceeds of the Notes are lent. None of the Dealers has undertaken, or is responsible for, any assessment 
of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the projects meet the eligibility criteria, or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s website and any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with the issue of Notes for information and 
should determine for themselves the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and any investment in the Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. The Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
C. 
Risks related to legal form of the Notes and other legal issues  
Meetings of Noteholders, modifications and waivers. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modification)), as well 
as the terms and conditions incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, contain provisions for calling 
meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches comprised 
in a Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of the common interests in a masse. The name and 
address of the representatives of the masse will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modification)) contain provisions for 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interest generally to be adopted either through a general 
meeting ("General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation ("Written Decisions") 
although the respective interests of Noteholders may not necessarily be aligned in respect of any 
resolution(s) proposed at any General Meeting or in respect of any Written Decisions. The provisions for 
meetings in respect of the Notes permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, and where applicable 
any related Receiptholders and Couponholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who 
did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Decision. Receiptholders and Couponholders, where applicable, 
as well as Noteholders, will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes. 
If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the 
rights of the Noteholders, this may have a material adverse impact on the market value of the Notes.  
The Issuer of Notes governed by English law may be substituted by a Subsidiary of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus incorporates by reference the terms of conditions of previous base prospectuses (in 
particular the 2012 Base Prospectus, the 2013 Base Prospectus, the 2014 Base Prospectus, the 2015 Base 
Prospectus and the 2016 Base Prospectus (each as defined below)), which means that the Issuer may issue 
English Law Notes being the Notes governed by English law to be consolidated, and form a single Series 
with, Notes governed by English law and issued under the Programme prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
According to the terms and conditions of such Series, the Issuer or any previous substituted company, may 
at any time, at its discretion, substitute for itself as principal debtor thereunder any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
(the "Substitute"). Such terms and conditions provide for certain conditions to be met before substitution 
can take place, including, but not limited to, such substitution not having a material adverse effect on the 
interests of Noteholders, a tax indemnity in the event that a Noteholder suffers a loss as a result of the 
Substitute being incorporated in a different jurisdiction to that of the original Issuer and the provision of 
legal opinions addressed to the holders of such Notes governed by English law confirming that the 
substitution and the documentation entered into in relation thereto is valid, legally binding and enforceable. 
While the ultimate credit risk under such Notes will remain with URW SE, the identity or creditworthiness 
of any other Subsidiary of URW SE as Substitute shall not be confirmed at the time of the issuance of any 
English Law Notes to be consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes governed by English law 
and URW SE is not be required to have regard to any interests arising from the circumstances particular to 
any holder of such Notes and related Receipts and/or Coupons with regard to or arising from any such

--- Page 29 ---
18 
 
substitution. If a Substitute is eventually found not to be creditworthy, this may have a material adverse 
impact on the market value of the Notes governed by English law. 
Change of law. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Condition 15 (Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service of 
Process)) are governed by French law, and the Guarantees and any English Law Notes are governed by 
English law as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It is difficult to assess the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change in English law or French law, as applicable, or the official application 
or interpretation of English law or French law, as applicable, after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such decision or change could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If 
any change in law turns out to be unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Holdings of less than the minimum specified denomination may be affected if Notes governed by English 
law are traded in denominations that are not integral multiples of the Specified Denomination. 
As described above, the Issuer may issue English Law Notes to be consolidated, and form a single Series 
with, Notes governed by English law and issued under the Programme prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
To the extent permitted by the applicable law(s) and in relation to any issue of English Law Notes to be 
consolidated, and form a single Series with, Notes governed by English law and issued under the 
Programme prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which have a denomination consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified Denomination (or its equivalent) that are not 
integral multiples of the Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds a nominal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
would need to purchase a nominal amount of such Notes such that its holding amounts to at least a minimum 
Specified Denomination before such Notes may be traded in the Clearing Systems (as defined below). 
In addition, in those limited circumstances where definitive Notes are to be printed as described in the 
global notes, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a nominal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination, will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and 
would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations. 
When the Notes governed by English law and/or Materialised Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream or any other clearing system or Dematerialised Notes are created in book entry form in 
Euroclear France, investors will have to rely on the clearing system procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer.  
The English Law Notes to be consolidated, and form a single Series with, Notes governed by English law 
and issued under the Programme prior to the date of this Base Prospectus in the form of global notes will 
and, in the case of Definitive Notes, may be deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream and/or any other clearing system (the "Clearing Systems"). Except in the 
limited circumstances described in the global notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. The Clearing Systems will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the global notes. 
While the English Law Notes to be consolidated, and form a single Series with, Notes governed by English 
law and issued under the Programme prior to the date of this Base Prospectus are in global form or, in the 
case of Definitive Notes (including Materialised Notes), held in the Clearing Systems, investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through such Clearing Systems. Dematerialised Notes will be 
created in book entry form in Euroclear France and investors will be able to trade the Notes only through 
Euroclear Accountholders. 
While the English Law Notes to be consolidated, and form a single Series with, Notes governed by English 
law and issued under the Programme prior to the date of this Base Prospectus are in global form or, in the 
case of Definitive Notes (including Materialised Notes) held in the Clearing Systems or, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to the common depositary or the common safekeeper (in the case of Notes governed by English 
law or Materialised Notes), or through accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the 
holders of Dematerialised Notes (in the case of Dematerialised Notes). A holder of a beneficial interest in

--- Page 30 ---
19 
 
such Notes governed by English law or Materialised Notes or a holder of Dematerialised Notes must rely 
on the procedures of the Clearing Systems and such Euroclear France Account Holders, as the case may be, 
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any global note or otherwise in respect of any Notes 
held in any clearing system(s). The Noteholders are therefore reliant on the clearing system(s) and any 
intermediaries for any transfers, payments and communications and the Noteholders may not have any 
recourse against them in the event of any defaults or delays in respect thereof.  
D. Risks related to the trading markets of the Notes and the credit ratings 
The market value of Notes may be affected by various factors, including credit ratings. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings of the Issuer 
and URW as well as a number of interrelated factors such as economic, financial, regulatory and political 
conditions and, to varying degrees, interest rates, yield rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in 
other European and industrialised countries and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, URW has been assigned a corporate credit rating of "BBB+" (stable 
outlook) by S&P and Moody's has assigned it a long-term credit rating of "Baa2" (stable outlook) and the 
Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P and Baa2 by Moody's.  
If any rating assigned to the Notes and/or URW is revised, lowered, suspended, withdrawn, put on 
creditwatch or not maintained by URW, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Further, 
independent credit rating agencies (such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch Ratings) may assign unsolicited ratings 
to the Notes. If non-solicited ratings are assigned,  it is possible that such ratings might differ from, or be 
lower than, the ratings sought by URW which may also adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes also depends on the stock exchanges (if any) on which the Notes are or may be 
traded. Events in France, Europe or elsewhere might equally cause market volatility and, if so, such 
volatility might adversely affect the price of Notes or market conditions might have any other adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes. Consequently, the Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than on 
conventional interest-bearing securities. 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities such as the Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities such as the Notes, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore 
holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their 
investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.  
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop. 
The applicable Final Terms of a Series of Notes may indicate that the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market, including Euronext Paris or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. There is a risk that 
an active trading market for the Notes will not develop, or, if one does develop, that it will not be maintained. 
If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price 
and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. The Issuer may issue further notes, as described in 
Condition 12 (Further Issues and Consolidation). Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the 
price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this 
may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Purchases by the Issuer or any Guarantor in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) in 
respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes which have not been so purchased. 
Depending on the number of Notes purchased by the Issuer or any Guarantor or any other person on their 
behalf as provided in Condition 5(h)(Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes that have not been so purchased may become illiquid and may have an 
adverse impact on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
20 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and, where applicable, one or more Guarantors will pay 
amounts due under the relevant guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified 
Currency may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 32 ---
21 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's and/or URW's business strategies, 
expansion and growth of operations, business trends, competitive advantage, technological and regulatory 
changes and information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed 
by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as 
a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute 
profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 33 ---
22 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the cross-
reference tables below, included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in blue) which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with the Base Prospectus and that have been filed 
with the AMF and are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the half year financial report of URW SE, in the English language, including the unaudited 
condensed consolidated financial statements of URW SE as at 30 June 2022 (the "URW SE 2022 
Half Year Financial Report") and the limited review report thereupon, as well as the English 
language version of the press release dated 28 July 2022 related thereto (the "URW SE 2022 Half 
Year Results Press Release"); 
(b) 
the English language version of the 2021 universal registration document of URW SE filed with 
the AMF on 24 March 2022 under registration number D. 22-0141 (the "URW SE 2021 
Registration Document"), including in particular the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of URW SE as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and a free English 
translation of the related auditors' report; 
(c) 
the English language version of the 2020 universal registration document of URW SE filed with 
the AMF on 25 March 2021 under registration number D.21-0194 (the "URW SE 2020 Universal 
Registration Document"), including in particular the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of URW SE as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and a free English 
translation of the related auditors' report; 
(d) 
the English language version of the 2021 annual report of URW NV, containing the audited 
consolidated financial statements of URW NV as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 and the independent auditor's report thereupon (the "URW NV 2021 Annual Report"); 
(e) 
the English language version of the 2020 annual report of URW NV, containing the audited 
consolidated financial statements of URW NV as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 and the independent auditor's report thereupon (the "URW NV 2020 Annual Report"); 
(f) 
the base prospectus dated 5 August 2020 which received visa no. 20-0380 from the AMF on 5 
August 2020 (including the terms and conditions of Notes governed by French law (the "2020 
EMTN Conditions")) (the "2020 Base Prospectus"); 
(g) 
the base prospectus dated 8 August 2019 which received visa no. 19-400 from the AMF on 8 
August 2019 (including the terms and conditions of Notes governed by French law (the "2019 
EMTN Conditions")) (the "2019 Base Prospectus"); 
(h) 
the base prospectus dated 26 October 2018 which received visa no. 18-498 from the AMF on 26 
October 2018 (including the terms and conditions of Notes governed by French law (the "October 
2018 EMTN Conditions")) (the "October 2018 Base Prospectus"); 
(i) 
the base prospectus dated 26 April 2018 which received visa no. 18-153 from the AMF on 26 April 
2018 (including the terms and conditions of Notes governed by French law (the "April 2018 
EMTN Conditions")) (the "April 2018 Base Prospectus"); 
(j) 
the base prospectus dated 31 July 2017 which received visa no. 17-403 from the AMF on 31 July 
2017 (including the terms and conditions of Notes governed by English law (the "2017 EMTN 
Conditions") and the "Summary of Provisions Relating to the English Law Notes while in Global 
Form") (the "2017 Base Prospectus"); 
(k) 
the base prospectus dated 29 July 2016 which was approved by the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") (including the terms and conditions of Notes governed by English 
law (the "2016 EMTN Conditions") and the "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form") (the "2016 Base Prospectus"); 
(l) 
the base prospectus dated 30 July 2015 which was approved by the CSSF (including the terms and 
conditions of Notes governed by English law (the "2015 EMTN Conditions") and the "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form") (the "2015 Base Prospectus");

--- Page 34 ---
23 
 
(m) 
the base prospectus dated 1 August 2014 which was approved by the CSSF (including the terms 
and conditions of Notes governed by English law (the "2014 EMTN Conditions") and the 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form") (the "2014 Base 
Prospectus"); 
(n) 
the base prospectus dated 24 June 2013 which was approved by the CSSF (including the terms and 
conditions of Notes governed by English law (the "2013 EMTN Conditions") and the "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form") (the "2013 Base Prospectus"); and 
(o) 
the base prospectus dated 20 June 2012 which was approved by the CSSF (including the terms and 
conditions of Notes governed by English law (the "2012 EMTN Conditions" and together with 
the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 
EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the April 2018 EMTN Conditions, the October 
2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions and the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 
"EMTN Previous Conditions") and the "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form") (the "2012 Base Prospectus" and, together with the 2013 Base Prospectus, the 2014 
Base Prospectus, the 2015 Base Prospectus, the 2016 Base Prospectus, the 2017 Base Prospectus, 
the April 2018 Base Prospectus, the October 2018 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus and 
the 2020 Base Prospectus, the "Previous Base Prospectuses"). 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall be deemed not, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may 
be obtained from URW SE and each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of 
the relevant Notes are outstanding, at their addresses mentioned at the end of this Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus is also available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and URW 
(www.urw.com).  
For the avoidance of a doubt, any information not listed in the cross-reference table below but included in 
the documents incorporated by reference shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein. The 
non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors and 
shall be considered as additional information, not required by the schedules of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (the "Commission Delegated 
Regulation") or if relevant, covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the information contained on the websites of URW (www.urw.com) and URW NV (www.urw-
nv.com) has not been scrutinised by the AMF and does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of 
issues of Notes by URW SE to be consolidated and form a single Series with Notes already issued under 
the Previous Base Prospectuses. Non-incorporated parts of the Previous Base Prospectuses are not relevant 
for investors.  
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 70 to 111 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 82 to 115 
October 2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 82 to 114 
April 2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 140 to 171 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 82 to 138 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 53 to 83 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 52 to 78 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 51 to 82

--- Page 35 ---
24 
 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 51 to 83 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 35 to 63

--- Page 36 ---
25 
 
CROSS REFERENCE TABLE IN RESPECT OF INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE  
Commission Delegated Regulation – Part of 
Annex 7 in respect of URW SE 
Reference 
3. RISK FACTORS 
 
A description of the material risks that are specific 
to the issuer and that may affect the issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a 
limited number of categories, in a section headed 
"Risk Factors" 
Page 130, URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
Pages 421-437, URW SE 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
Page 441, URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
('LEI') 
Page 441, URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of 
the life of the issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite 
Page 441, URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place 
of business if different from its registered office) 
and website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website does not form 
part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
Page 441, URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.5 Any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer's solvency. 
Pages i to 86, URW SE 2022 Half Year Results 
Press Release 
Pages 51-61, URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
Page 9 (medium-term outlook), 235 (outlook) and 
399 (Note 30.1), URW SE 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer's principal 
activities stating the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed.  
Pages 3-26, URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
Pages 217-235, URW SE 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
 
7.1 A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospectus 
of the issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information 
has been published to the date of the registration 
document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer 
should include (an) appropriate negative statement.  
Page 24 (the section entitled 'VIII. Outlook'), URW 
SE 2022 Half Year Financial Report

--- Page 37 ---
26 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Part of 
Annex 7 in respect of URW SE 
Reference 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions 
within the issuer of the following persons and an 
indication of the principal activities performed by 
them independent of that issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of 
a limited partnership with a share capital. 
Pages 137-171, URW SE 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
9.2 Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties 
carried out on behalf of the issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a statement 
to that effect must be made. 
Page 170, URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (at least 24 months) 
or such shorter period as the Issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report in respect of each 
year. 
Pages 78-129, URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
Pages 280-362 and 400-406, URW SE 2021 
Universal Registration Document 
 
Pages 285-361 and 397-403, URW SE 2020 
Universal Registration Document 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
Pages 86-87, URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
Page 
293-296, 
URW 
SE 
2021 
Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Page 
295-297, 
URW 
SE 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
Pages 78-128, URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial 
Report 
Pages 280-362, URW SE 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
Pages 285-361, URW SE 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration document 
 
Page 284, URW SE 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
11.2 Auditing of historical financial information 
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
Auditors' Review Report relating to the interim 
condensed consolidated financial statements for 
the period ending 30 June 2022: Page 129, URW

--- Page 38 ---
27 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Part of 
Annex 7 in respect of URW SE 
Reference 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
SE 2022 Half Year Financial Report (limited 
review report) 
Auditors' 
Report 
relating 
to 
the 
annual 
consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021: 400-406, URW SE 
2021 Universal Registration Document  
Auditors' 
Report 
relating 
to 
the 
annual 
consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020: Pages 397-403, 
URW SE 2020 Universal Registration Document 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Part of 
Annex 7 in respect of URW NV 
Reference 
3. RISK FACTORS 
 
A description of the material risks that are specific 
to the issuer and that may affect the issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a 
limited number of categories, in a section headed 
"Risk Factors" 
Pages 107-115, URW NV 2021 Annual Report 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1.5 Any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer's solvency. 
Pages 5-12 (Sections 1.2.5 to Section 1.3.4) and 14 
(Section 1.7), URW NV 2021 Annual Report 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
 
7.1 A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospectus 
of the issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information 
has been published to the date of the registration 
document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer 
should include (an) appropriate negative statement.  
Page 14 (Section 1.8), URW NV 2021 Annual 
Report 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (at least 24 months) 
or such shorter period as the Issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report in respect of each 
year. 
 
Pages 37-84 and 93-100, URW NV 2021 Annual 
Report  
Pages 44-90 and 99-105, URW NV 2020 Annual 
Report 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
Page 46-49, URW NV 2021 Annual Report  
Pages 52-55, URW NV 2020 Annual Report 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
Pages 37-84, URW NV 2021 Annual Report  
Pages 44-90, URW NV 2020 Annual Report

--- Page 39 ---
28 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Part of 
Annex 7 in respect of URW NV 
Reference 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration document 
 
Page 39, URW NV 2021 Annual Report 
11.2 Auditing of historical financial information 
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Independent Auditor's Report relating to the 
consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021:  
Pages 93-100, URW NV 2021 Annual Report  
Independent Auditor's Report relating to the 
consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020: Pages 99-105, 
URW NV 2020 Annual Report

--- Page 40 ---
29 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer or any Guarantor shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or inaccuracy or omission relating to the information included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required 
by investors and their professional advisers, the Issuer or any such Guarantor will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of 
Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 41 ---
30 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by French law to be issued by 
Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE (the " Notes") that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes (as defined 
below), the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title, but will be 
constituted by the following text, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Notes. 
References in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to a French law-governed amended and restated agency agreement dated 3 
August 2022 (as such may have been further amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency 
Agreement") between Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE (the "Issuer"), Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. 
("URW NV"), URW America Inc., WEA Finance LLC, WCL Finance Pty Limited, Westfield America 
Trust, Westfield Corporation Limited, WFD Trust and Westfield UK & Europe Finance plc as guarantors 
(the "Guarantors"), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Paris as fiscal agent and the other agents named in 
it and with the benefit of a deed of guarantee dated 3 August 2022 (as such may have been amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Deed of Guarantee") executed by the Guarantors in relation to 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Deed of Guarantee allows for the addition or removal of Guarantors 
in accordance with its terms and therefore references to the "Guarantors" in these Conditions shall mean 
the Guarantors at the relevant time. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders of Dematerialised 
Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons relating to interest bearing Materialised 
Notes (the "Coupons") and, where applicable in the case of such Materialised Notes, talons for further 
Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") and the holders of the receipts for the payment of 
instalments of principal (the "Receipts") relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is payable in 
instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these Conditions, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will 
be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in either (i) bearer form 
(au porteur), in which case they will be inscribed as of the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France"), acting as 
central depositary, which shall credit the accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders (as defined below), or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, 
at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear 
France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account in the books 
of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in 
the applicable Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent").

--- Page 42 ---
31 
 
For Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form, unless this possibility is expressly 
excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the 
Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification information of 
the holders of such Notes such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth 
or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Euroclear France Account Holder" means any 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in materialised bearer form ("Materialised Notes"). A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without coupons attached (a "Temporary 
Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in 
materialised bearer form on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar 
day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as further described in the 
Temporary Global Certificate) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
more fully described in the Temporary Global Certificate. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and if applicable, are issued with Receipts and Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Materialised Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity 
Date), Coupons, Receipts and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment 
Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. In accordance with Articles L.211-
3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities in 
materialised form, such as the Materialised Notes, constituting obligations under French 
law and governed by French law must be issued outside France. 
(iii) 
The relevant Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an 
Instalment Note, a combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption/ Payment Basis, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of any Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market as provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €1,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of such Notes). 
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)"). Dematerialised Notes may be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account 
Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall 
pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by 
the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
Receipts and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Materialised 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall 
be liable for so treating such holder of Materialised Notes. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" or "holder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France

--- Page 43 ---
32 
 
Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Materialised 
Note in definitive form and the Coupons, Receipts or Talon relating to it (if any). 
(d) 
Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of the Noteholder. 
(e) 
Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
2. 
Guarantees and Status 
(a) 
Guarantees and Status of the Guarantees 
Each Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the 
due payment of all sums expressed to be payable under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons issued 
by the Issuer (and nothing in these Conditions should be read as an indication to the contrary). 
Each Guarantor's obligations in that respect (each a "Guarantee" and together the "Guarantees") 
are contained in the Deed of Guarantee and constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to Condition 3) unsecured obligations of each Guarantor and shall (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable law of the jurisdiction of the 
country and/or state of incorporation or establishment of the Guarantor) at all times rank pari passu, 
without any preference or priority by reason of date of issue, currency of payment or otherwise 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of each Guarantor. 
(b) 
Status of Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to 
them constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable 
law of the jurisdiction of the country and/or state of incorporation or establishment of the Issuer) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer will not, and the Issuer will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its assets or revenues, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant Debt or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
and each Guarantor's obligations under its Guarantee are rateably and equally secured therewith 
except, in the case of any entity which becomes a Principal Subsidiary (through acquisition or 
otherwise) or which is merged into the Issuer or into any Principal Subsidiary or any other 
Subsidiary of the Issuer and as a result of which such Subsidiary becomes a Principal Subsidiary, 
for any Security Interest existing on or over any present or future assets or revenues of such entity 
on the date on which it becomes a Principal Subsidiary or is merged into the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary or any such other Subsidiary of the Issuer (including the subsequent renewal of such

--- Page 44 ---
33 
 
Security Interest) or in respect of which a binding agreement to create it exists provided such 
Security Interest was not created in contemplation of or in connection with it becoming a Principal 
Subsidiary or being so merged.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Principal Subsidiary" has the meaning set out in Condition 9 below. 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary in the form of or represented by bonds, notes (being, in the case of the Issuer, 
obligations) or other securities (being, in the case of the Issuer, titres financiers, as referred to in 
Article L.211-1 II of the French Code monétaire et financier (but excluding securities referred to 
in paragraphs II-1 and II-3 of such Article)), which are or are capable of being quoted, admitted to 
trading or ordinarily dealt in on any regulated market. 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest 
(being, in the case of the Issuer, a sûreté réelle). 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity 
(whether or not now existing) that is controlled directly or indirectly, or more than 50 per cent. of 
whose issued share capital (or equivalent) is held or owned, by such person or entity and/or any of 
such person or entity's subsidiaries at such time. For a person or entity to be "controlled" by 
another person or entity means that such other person or entity holds or owns, either directly or 
indirectly, a percentage of the share capital of such person or entity which entitles it to exercise a 
majority of voting rights at the general assemblies of such person or entity. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown 
hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in

--- Page 45 ---
34 
 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to 
either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate Determination-IBOR shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified hereon; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified hereon. 
(iv) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, “Compounding” is specified hereon to be applicable and: 
(a) 
if “Compounding with Lookback” is specified hereon as the 
Compounding Method then (a) Compounding with Lookback is 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is 
the number of Applicable Business Days specified hereon; 
(b) 
if “Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified 
hereon as the Compounding Method then (a) Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or 
(c) 
if “Compounding with Lockout” is specified hereon as the 
Compounding Method then (a) Compounding with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon and 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified hereon. 
(v) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, “Averaging” is specified hereon to be applicable and: 
(a) 
if “Averaging with Lookback” is specified hereon as the 
Averaging Method then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified hereon; 
(b) 
if “Averaging with Observation Period Shift” is specified hereon 
as the Averaging Method then (a) Averaging with Overnight 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period

--- Page 46 ---
35 
 
Shift Business Days specified hereon and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified hereon; or 
(c) 
if “Averaging with Lockout” is specified hereon as the 
Averaging Method then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified hereon; and 
(vi) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
and “Index Provisions” are specified hereon to be applicable, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified hereon and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
hereon. 
 
References in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A)  
numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation 
shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose hereon; 
(B)  
 “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the relevant Day Count Fraction; 
(C) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(D)  
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(E)  
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(F)  
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; and 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(G) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be disapplied if the Final Terms specify "2021 
ISDA Definitions" as being applicable; and 
(F) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary 
Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix 
of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous 
Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction", "Overnight Floating Rate Average", "Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method", 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method", 
"Compounding with Lookback", "Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout", "Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift", 
"Compounding 
with 
Lockout", 
"Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index Floating Rate Option", 
"Compounded Index Method", "Compounded Index Method with

--- Page 47 ---
36 
 
Observation Period Shift", "Applicable Business Days", "Observation Period 
Shift Business Days", "Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days" 
and "Lockout Period Business Days"  have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(y) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable)", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "Euribor" 
means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01. 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR for Floating Rate Notes  
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will subject as provided below, 
be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) 
above applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant

--- Page 48 ---
37 
 
Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (a)(2) above applies and fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in 
each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer shall procure that, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (b) and (c) above and Condition 
4(b)(iii)(D)(vi) and 4(b)(iii)(D)(vii) below, if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to any Interest 
Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, it will as soon 
as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior 
to the applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will (i) use the 
substitute rate or successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee 
or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the Specified Currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards or (ii) if no such public selection has occurred, 
determine a substitute rate or successor rate which is substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate and is an industry accepted successor 
rate for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest

--- Page 49 ---
38 
 
Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination 
(each, a "Replacement Reference Rate"). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Reference 
Rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Calculation 
Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. This Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(d) 
applies when "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be 
determined but does not apply if the "Reference Rate" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a 
Replacement Reference Rate, then for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination:  
(1)  
the Reference Rate Determination Agent, in consultation with 
the Issuer, will also determine the changes (if any) required to 
the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of 
Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count 
Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate and any necessary adjustment to the spread 
(which shall, in the first instance, be the adjustment spread, if 
any, selected or recommended by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the 
Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
order to limit any increase or decrease in the yield of the Notes 
resulting from the application of the Replacement Reference 
Rate (the "Benchmark Amendments"), in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent 
with 
industry-accepted 
practices 
for 
such 
Replacement Reference Rate;  
(2)  
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any Benchmark Amendments; and 
(3)  
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer 
of the Replacement Reference Rate and the Benchmark 
Amendments, as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event 
no later than 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior 
to the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the 
Benchmark Amendments by the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that the relevant 
Replacement Reference Rate cannot, pursuant to this Condition, be 
determined, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate 
or any other successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen 
rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the following Interest 
Periods in such case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Period and to the relevant Interest Period).

--- Page 50 ---
39 
 
If a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Replacement Reference Rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a 
Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same 
entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the 
purposes of determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an 
identical manner as described above. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will 
remain unchanged (after readjustment for any difference between any 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to the relevant Interest 
Period). 
The Issuer will give notice of the Reference Rate or Replacement 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and of the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Representative of the Masse and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event 
no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day prior to the 
applicable Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, 
at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to this paragraph (d). No Noteholder 
consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Replacement 
Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this paragraph (d), 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal 
Agent, Calculation Agent or Paying Agent (if required). 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) the Calculation Agent. The 
Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 4 shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders, or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, a "Benchmark Event" means, with 
respect to the Reference Rate: 
(i) the Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published permanently or 
indefinitely as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated 
or administered;  
(ii) the later of (a) a public statement by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Reference Rate that it has ceased or will, before a specified 
date, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Reference Rate) 
and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(ii)(a); 
(iii)  the later of (a) a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
the central bank for the Specified Currency specified in the relevant 
Final Terms of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official with

--- Page 51 ---
40 
 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to 
publish the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Reference Rate) and (b) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (iii)(a);  
(iv) the later of (a) a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate 
announcing that, in the view of such supervisor, the Reference Rate 
is or will, by a specified future date, be no longer representative of 
an underlying market or economic reality or the methodology to 
calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed and (b) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (iv)(a); 
(v) the later of (a) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate that means that such Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date, be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes and (b) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (v)(a); or 
(vi) it has or will by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable).  
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
is specified as being EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to 
paragraph (d) above, be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the 
relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page "ICESWAP2" 
under the heading "EURIBOR BASIS - EUR", as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt 
time, in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the event that the EUR CMS does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of at least 
three Reference Banks (to be selected by the Issuer) for EUR CMS 
relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant mid-market 
annual swap rate commencing two TARGET Business Days following 
the relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so 
determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to five significant figures with halves being 
rounded up) of such provided quotations.

--- Page 52 ---
41 
 
If fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, it will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or any other agent appointed for such purpose by the 
Issuer) in its sole discretion following discussions with the Issuer, acting 
in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in this scenario Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(d) shall apply 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
Where any Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the Reference Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates 
are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
(i) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)(ii) or 4(b)(iii)(D)(iii) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)(iv) to 4(b)(iii)(D)(v) as applicable. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Lag Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
" do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and

--- Page 53 ---
42 
 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, 
the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent.  
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(v) 
For the purposes of Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards:  
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
 where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
" do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Observation Period;  
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from,

--- Page 54 ---
43 
 
and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding.  
(vi) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be, the Calculation Bank determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant London Banking Day shall be: 
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous p London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by

--- Page 55 ---
44 
 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
(vii) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(D), the Rate of Interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent shall be (x) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(viii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition 
specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain 
outstanding, be the rate determined on such date and shall continue to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 4(e) below. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination – SOFR 
(1) 
This Condition 4(b)(iii)(E) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "SOFR". 
(2) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will 
the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate 
of Interest. 
(3) 
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on 
or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection:  
(x) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

--- Page 56 ---
45 
 
(y) 
will be made by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer); and  
(z) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Notes or any other party.  
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under Condition 4(b)(iii)(E) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such 
changes take effect.  
(4) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(E): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(E) (Interest – Screen Rate Determination - SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the Observation Period will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) or the then-current Benchmark, prior to 
the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(E)(3) above will apply and "Benchmark" shall mean 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first of alternatives (x), (y) and 
(z) set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(x) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(y) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(z) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time 
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 57 ---
46 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(x) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;  
(y) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(z) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides, in consultation with 
the Issuer, that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines, in 
consultation with the Issuer, that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) 
in the case of clause (x) or (y) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(y) 
in the case of clause (z) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 58 ---
47 
 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(z) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing 
that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that 
day "i";

--- Page 59 ---
48 
 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment 
Date where "p" has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;  
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;  
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear, unless both 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and

--- Page 60 ---
49 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert on the 
date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, EUR CMS), or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out 
in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (after 
as well as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up) save in the case of yen, which shall be 
rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such

--- Page 61 ---
50 
 
Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-whole 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or other relevant authority and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) 
in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment 
Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s), the Make-whole Calculation Agent or 
the Quotation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions"  means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated  as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or

--- Page 62 ---
51 
 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the 
relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – 
FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose 
denominator is 366; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such 
period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
52 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (x) 
that day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 64 ---
53 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(ix) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; 
(x) 
if "30/360 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360; and 
(xi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union; 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 Fédération Bancaire Française 
("FBF") Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (formerly 
2007 Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented 
by the Technical Schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be) (together the "FBF Master 
Agreement"), as amended, updated and/or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes shall 
mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such 
Interest Accrual Period forms part; and

--- Page 65 ---
54 
 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or Hong Kong dollars or Renminbi or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro nor Hong Kong dollars or Renminbi 
or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon; 
"Redemption Amount" means the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of the 
Note, which in each case, unless specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall be its nominal amount; 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents, Make-
whole Calculation Agents or Quotation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one 
Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent is appointed in respect of 
the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent or the Quotation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent, Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent, as applicable, performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption

--- Page 66 ---
55 
 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market), the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent or the Quotation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each 
Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after 
confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the 
Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to 
be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no 
publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be 
made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption

--- Page 67 ---
56 
 
Amount (which is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph 
(i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), 5(e), 5(f) or 5(g) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the relevant Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown 
hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to 
the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on 
the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c), 5(e), 5(f) or 5(g) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 4(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
in paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), 5(e), 
5(f) or 5(g) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in the applicable law of the jurisdiction of the country and/or 
state of incorporation or establishment of the Issuer and/or any Guarantor (in each case, 
the "Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction") or in each case, any political subdivision or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of any such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or 
any Guarantor would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest and other 
assimilated revenues due in respect of the Notes or, (if it were called) under any of the 
Guarantees, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 7, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date 
or, if so specified hereon, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 13 redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption

--- Page 68 ---
57 
 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall 
be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, 
as the case may be, could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
taxes in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment date of principal or interest and other assimilated 
revenues in respect of such Notes, be prevented by French law from making payment to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 7, then 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall, 
upon giving not less than seven nor more than 30 days' irrevocable prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
then outstanding at their Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, 
provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date, the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as 
aforesaid or (B) if so specified on this Note, at any time, provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If Make-whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
(other than in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in paragraph (i) above, 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent, the 
Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, 
a "Make-whole Redemption Date")) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding 
at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. On or 
not later than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and such other parties 
as may be specified in the Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. All Notes in 
respect of which any such notice referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above is given shall be redeemed 
on the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers on 
the Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Bond specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Reference Bond is 
no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET)) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent 
to the Issuer and the Make-whole Calculation Agent and published in accordance with Condition 
13. The Benchmark Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(i)) prior to the Make-
whole Redemption Date.

--- Page 69 ---
58 
 
"Make-whole Calculation Agent" means Aether Financial Services or any other international 
credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of 
Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Calculation Amount, an amount 
in the Specified Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes and (y) the sum of the 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes up to and including the Maturity Date (excluding any interest accruing on such 
Notes from, and including, the Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption 
Date to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the 
Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately 
preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
If the Issuer Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable with the 
Optional Redemption Amount being specified as par, and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes 
pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer before the Optional Redemption Date 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms as being exercisable within a specified period before the 
Maturity Date) pursuant to Condition 5(e) below, the Make-whole Redemption Amount will be 
calculated taking into account such Optional Redemption Date and not the Maturity Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
"Quotation Agent" means the institutional credit institution or financial services institution 
appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
failing which as selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent at its sole discretion, which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the 
Reference Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
If a Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, 
of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (which, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.

--- Page 70 ---
59 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed in which case any payments of interest or other amounts 
under such Notes shall be calculated in accordance with such outstanding amount of Notes after 
such reduction subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also 
contain the certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such 
place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements. So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on 
any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in 
each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") and on the website of any other competent authority and/or other stock 
exchange where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice as provided in Condition 13 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 45 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other period as may be specified in the Final Terms), redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice 
is given, the Minimum Percentage or less of the aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the 
Notes of the relevant Series remain outstanding (the "Minimum Percentage" being the percentage 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms), provided that those Notes of such Series that are no 
longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer at the option 
of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(e). Any such redemption shall be at the Early Redemption 
Amount (the "Clean-up Call Amount") together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)) together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must, in the case of Dematerialised Notes transfer, or cause to 
be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent 
specified in the Exercise Notice (as defined below), and in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit 
such Materialised Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together, in each case, with a duly completed 
option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within 
the notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, any Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price.

--- Page 71 ---
60 
 
All Notes which are purchased by the Issuer, any Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and may, subject to the applicable law of the jurisdiction of the Issuer, be held, 
reissued or resold, provided that, all Notes issued by, and purchased, by the Issuer may be held and 
resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in accordance with, and subject to, 
Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer, any Guarantor and/or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering each such Note together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and shall 
be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to 
payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors in respect of any such Notes and the relevant 
Guarantee(s) shall be discharged. For so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of and listed on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will forthwith inform Euronext Paris of any such 
cancellation. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au 
nominative administré), be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the Specified 
Currency) of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), to accounts (denominated in the relevant Specified Currency) with a Bank 
(as defined below) designated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments validly made to 
such accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
In this Condition 6, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for the relevant 
Specified Currency (which in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong, in the case of 
Australian dollars, means Sydney and, in the case of Canadian dollars, means Montreal) 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in 
the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative 
Materialised Note), Materialised Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, 
in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(e)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 6(e)(vi)), as the case may be: 
(x) 
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for 
such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET System; and 
(y) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on 
behalf of the holder with a bank in Hong Kong.

--- Page 72 ---
61 
 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on such Materialised Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts 
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall 
be charged to the holders of any Notes, or, where applicable in the case of Materialised Notes, any 
related Receipts or Coupons in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) initially appointed by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) 
a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying 
Agents having specified offices in (A) so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and the 
rules of that exchange so require, Paris and (B) so long as the Notes are listed on any other stock 
exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, a specified city of the country of such 
stock exchange, and (iv) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City 
in respect of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Materialised Notes, Materialised Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Make-whole Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void 
pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating 
to such Materialised Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 73 ---
62 
 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Materialised Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Materialised Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Materialised Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised 
Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday): 
(i) 
(x) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business 
or (y) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" hereon; and 
(iii) 
(x) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro and Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (y) (in the case of a payment 
in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day or (z) (in the case of a payment in Renminbi) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(h) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-
Transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined below) occurs, or if Renminbi is otherwise not 
available to the Issuer or the Guarantors, and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi 
Dealer, following which the Issuer and/or the Guarantors are unable to satisfy payments of 
principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer and/or the Guarantors 
on giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders

--- Page 74 ---
63 
 
prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars 
on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6(h) by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and 
all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(h): 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, 
other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantors in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer/or the Guarantors to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of such 
RMB Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or the Guarantors, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date of the relevant RMB Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or the Guarantors, 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for 
the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange 
rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, 
on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate

--- Page 75 ---
64 
 
is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available 
CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported 
by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters 
Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so 
designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other 
page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using 
the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax Exemption 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of Notes or any Guarantor in respect of its Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction as defined in Condition 5(c)(i) and including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction of any Guarantor or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by the law of the jurisdiction of the country and/or state 
of incorporation or establishment of the Issuer or any such Guarantor, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If the applicable law of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction should require that payments of principal 
or interest and/or any other assimilated revenues in respect of any Note or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, Receipt or Coupon, be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantors will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by applicable law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, after such deduction or withholding, 
will receive the full amount then expressed to be due and payable thereon in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding, provided, however, that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the 30th such day. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by 
the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Noteholder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer or any Guarantor) not being entitled to 
receive payments free of FATCA withholding. Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor shall be liable 
for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Guarantor, any paying agent or any other party. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" means in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is

--- Page 76 ---
65 
 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation, in the case of Materialised Notes. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" 
shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or any Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of them. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs, the Representative (as defined in 
Condition 10), upon request of the Noteholders following a General Meeting, may give written 
notice to the Issuer and the Guarantors (through the Fiscal Agent at its specified office) that all 
Notes of the relevant Series are immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Notes together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due 
and payable without further formality, unless such event of default shall have been remedied prior 
to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
any amount of principal of, or interest on, any Note is not paid on the due date for payment 
thereof and such default is not remedied within a period of five business days (as defined 
in Condition 6(g)) from such due date; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
any other obligation of the Issuer or any Guarantor under the Notes or the relevant 
Guarantee is not complied with or performed within a period of 15 business days (as 
defined in Condition 6(g)) after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such 
default given by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other 
than Non-Recourse Subsidiaries which are not Excluded Subsidiaries) for borrowed 
moneys in excess of Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether 
individually or in the aggregate, (i) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
as a result of a default thereunder or, in such case, enforcement of any security in respect 
of any such indebtedness is commenced by appropriate legal proceedings (unless 
contested in good faith and by appropriate legal proceedings), or (ii) is not paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period therefore or, in such case, 
enforcement of any security in respect of any such indebtedness is commenced by 
appropriate legal proceedings; or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary (other than Non-Recourse Subsidiaries which are not Excluded 
Subsidiaries) for, or in respect of, any such indebtedness of others shall not be honoured 
when due and called upon (unless contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings); 
or

--- Page 77 ---
66 
 
(d) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than Non-Recourse Subsidiaries which are 
not Excluded Subsidiaries) makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its 
debt or applies for the appointment of a mandataire ad hoc or enters into an amicable 
settlement (procédure de conciliation) with its creditors or a judgment is issued for the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole of the business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than as 
aforesaid) or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary (other than as aforesaid) is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings; or any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure, application or 
step is taken by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than as aforesaid) for it being 
declared in bankruptcy (faillissement), suspension of payments (surseance van betaling), 
company reorganisation (företagsrekonstruktion) or similar situation under any applicable 
law or any other procedure having the effect that the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary 
(other than as aforesaid) loses the free management or ability to dispose of its property is 
commenced by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than as aforesaid) 
(irrespective of whether that procedure is provisional or final) or any legal proceedings or 
other procedure, application or step is taken by a third party for the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary (other than as aforesaid) being declared in bankruptcy (faillissement), 
suspension 
of 
payments 
(surseance 
van 
betaling), 
company 
reorganisation 
(företagsrekonstruktion) (irrespective of whether that procedure is provisional or final); or 
any other procedure having the effect that the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other 
than as aforesaid) loses the free management or ability to dispose of its property is 
commenced by a third party; or the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary offers or enters into 
a composition with all its creditors generally (onderhands akkoord) or any similar measure 
under applicable law; or any equivalent procedure or measure to any of the aforesaid is 
taken in the jurisdiction of the country and/or state of incorporation or establishment of 
the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary; provided that in respect of any proceedings or 
other procedure, application or step mentioned above being taken by a third party against 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, it shall not constitute an event of default under this 
Condition 9(d), (i) if it is frivolous or vexatious and dismissed within 60 days after the 
filing thereof or (ii) if the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary has commenced 
actions in good faith with a view to having such proceedings, procedure or application 
dismissed, until a definitive judgment to reject such action for dismissal is passed; or 
(e) 
Illegality 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or any Guarantor to perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations under the Notes or the relevant Guarantee, as the case 
may be; or 
(f) 
Cessation of Business 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business 
or other operations, except for the purposes of and followed by a merger (fusion) or 
reorganisation (cession, scission or apport partiel d'actifs) or any procedure analogous 
thereto under the law applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that (i) such merger, reorganisation or analogous procedure takes place on terms approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary (other than Non-Recourse Subsidiaries which are not Excluded Subsidiaries) 
the undertaking and assets of such Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise 
vested in the Issuer or another Principal Subsidiary (other than Non-Recourse Subsidiaries 
which are not Excluded Subsidiaries), or (iii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary (other 
than Non-Recourse Subsidiaries which are not Excluded Subsidiaries), pursuant to a 
voluntary solvent winding-up where surplus assets are available for distribution; or

--- Page 78 ---
67 
 
(g) 
Guarantee 
any Guarantee (as amended or varied from time to time in accordance with its terms) of a 
Guarantor is not (or is claimed by any Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, unless 
such Guarantee has been terminated in accordance with its terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Excluded Subsidiary" means any Non-Recourse Subsidiary which is subject to a default set out 
in paragraph (c) above or to any of the insolvency events set out in paragraph (d) above and whose 
Value, together with the total Value of all Principal Subsidiaries subject to such a default set out 
in paragraph (c) above or, as the case may be, any such insolvency events set out in paragraph (d) 
above, exceeds at any relevant time 40 per cent. of the total Value of the Issuer. 
"Non-Recourse Subsidiaries" means any Principal Subsidiary whose Non-Recourse Indebtedness 
represents at any relevant time (i) more than 50 per cent. of its aggregate indebtedness for borrowed 
money and (ii) more than Euro 15,000,000 as appearing in its latest published financial statements. 
"Non-Recourse Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness of any Principal 
Subsidiary with respect to which there is no contractual recourse against the Issuer or URW NV or 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer or of URW NV other than (i) recourse resulting from a pledge of 
shares of such Principal Subsidiary held by the Issuer or by URW NV or by any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer or of URW NV in order to secure such indebtedness, (ii) recourse resulting from 
commitments entered into by the Issuer prior to 31 December 2007 or (iii) recourse against any 
Subsidiary of such Principal Subsidiary to secure such indebtedness. 
"Principal Subsidiary" means URW NV or, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer or a 
Subsidiary of URW NV: 
• 
whose Value represents not less than 7 per cent. of the total Value of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this definition and the definition of "Excluded Subsidiary", "Value" 
means (A) with respect to any entity fully or proportionally consolidated by the Issuer, the 
revalued value (as defined below) of such entity's assets, (B) with respect to any entity 
consolidated under the equity method by the Issuer, the value of such entity's equity, 
calculated on the basis of the revalued value of such entity's assets, in accordance with the 
accounting principles adopted by the Issuer for its consolidated financial statements for 
the most recent financial year and in proportion to the stake held by the Issuer or by URW 
NV and (C) with respect to the Issuer, the total Value, determined in accordance with (A) 
and (B) above, of all assets and of all entities in which the Issuer holds, directly or 
indirectly, an equity interest as they appear in the latest published audited consolidated 
balance sheet of the Issuer. The "revalued value" of an asset for the purpose of this 
definition means the value of that asset determined by reference to valuations provided by 
independent appraisers for real estate assets and included in the latest published audited 
accounts (on a consolidated basis if such accounts are prepared) of the Issuer or the 
relevant Subsidiary, as the case may be, as the value of that asset. 
In the event that, for any reason, the calculations of the Value of a Subsidiary or the Issuer 
are not available after the close of any financial year at a time when it is necessary to 
determine whether a Subsidiary is a Principal Subsidiary, "Principal Subsidiary" shall 
mean, with respect to such year, a Subsidiary of the Issuer or of URW NV whose operating 
income (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts, whose 
consolidated operating income) attributable to the Issuer represents not less than 7 per 
cent. of the consolidated operating income of the Issuer, all as calculated by reference to 
the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of URW SE; or 
• 
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary 
which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Principal Subsidiary.

--- Page 79 ---
68 
 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
In respect of the representation of Noteholders, the following shall apply: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce, 
as amended by this Condition 10.  
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through Aether Financial 
Services or any other representative identified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 10(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), 
or (ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the 
"Written Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders 
holding together at least 75 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with 
the Written Unanimous Decisions, the "Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case

--- Page 80 ---
69 
 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(j). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand 
for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission them to petition the 
competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the 
General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 10(j) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or 
by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written 
Unanimous Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in Condition 10(e). Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, 
have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of

--- Page 81 ---
70 
 
one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 10(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be 
published as provided under Condition 10(j) no less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the 
"Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least 75 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic 
Consent. Any Written Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such 
Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one document, or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with Condition 10(j). 
(g) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Further Issues and Consolidation), shall, for the defence of their 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the 
sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(j) 
Notices for the purposes of this Condition 10 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be 
published on the website of the Issuer (www.urw.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared.

--- Page 82 ---
71 
 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain 
Noteholders' approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de 
commerce will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10(j). Any 
Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its Notes at par, plus any 
accrued interest to the date set for redemption, within thirty (30) days of the date of 
notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days 
of the Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to 
submit the proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer 
redemption at par, plus any accrued interest to the date set for redemption, to Noteholders, 
pursuant to Article L.236-13 of the French Code de commerce, in the case of a merger, 
and, pursuant to Article L.236-18 of the same code, in the case of a spin-off. Such 
redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10(j). 
If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed 
with the transaction will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 
10(j). Such Noteholders will then have the right to oppose the transaction pursuant to 
Articles L.228-73 and L.236-14 of the French Code de commerce. 
If a transfer of its registered office in another European Union Member State is 
contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer shall submit the proposal for approval by a 
Collective Decision of the Masse. If such transfer is not approved, the Issuer will 
nonetheless be able to proceed with the transaction pursuant to Article L.228-73 of the 
French Code de commerce. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modification), the 
term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes that are held by the Issuer or any Guarantor and 
not cancelled. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Materialised Note and/or any Receipt, Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg or such 
other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Materialised Note 
and/or any Receipt, Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto is subsequently presented for payment 
or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Materialised Notes and/or, as the case may be, 
any Receipt, Coupon or further Coupon appertaining thereto) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes and/or any Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
appertaining thereto must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders or 
Receiptholders create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
(so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of such notes to "Issue Date" shall 
be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 13(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (iii) they are published in accordance

--- Page 83 ---
72 
 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF; provided that, so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the rules applicable to such stock 
exchange so require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading 
is located and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that stock exchange, as the case may 
be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe and so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the rules applicable to such 
stock exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the stock exchange on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located and as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that stock exchange, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any stock exchange, notice shall be published as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that stock exchange, as the case may be. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of Coupons shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the 
mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as 
such Notes are listed on any stock exchange and the rules applicable to such stock exchange so 
require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the stock exchange on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located and as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that stock exchange, as the case may be.  
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 13 (Notices) shall not apply to notices to be given 
pursuant to Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modification). 
14. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under 
the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, any Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary (other than a Non-Recourse Subsidiary) or 
otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it 
from the Issuer or any Guarantor shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer or any Guarantor to 
the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt 
that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency 
on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, 
on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than 
the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer, 
failing whom, the Guarantors, shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any 
event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For 
the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual 
purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the 
Issuer's and, as the case may be, the Guarantors' other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note, 
Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order.

--- Page 84 ---
73 
 
15. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service of Process 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
The Guarantees, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may, be 
brought before the competent courts in Paris, subject to mandatory provisions of French law. 
The courts of England and France are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with the Guarantees, including any disputes related to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantees, and accordingly any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Guarantees ("Legal 
Proceedings") shall be brought in such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
Each of the Guarantors has irrevocably appointed WUKEF at its registered office currently situated 
at 4th Floor, 1 Ariel Way, London, W12 7SL, United Kingdom as its agent in England to receive, 
for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Legal Proceedings in England. Such service shall 
be deemed completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and 
received by any Guarantor). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or 
no longer has an address in London, the Guarantors irrevocably agree to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with 
Condition 13. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 85 ---
74 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN 
RESPECT OF THE MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and/or any other clearing system (the "Common Depositary"), 
Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes 
that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
- 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, 
see "General Description of the Programme - United States Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but 
not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
- 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) 
containing rules identical to those applying under U.S. Internal Revenue Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in a form which shall be available at the specified offices of 
any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in 
respect of such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the 
extent that the certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification 
received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled 
to collect any payment due thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described 
above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is 
improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" 
means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate, Receipts and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal stock 
exchange requirements and will be substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 
forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Exchange Date shall 
be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
75 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEES 
Notes issued under the Programme shall upon issue be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed on a 
joint and several basis by URW NV, URW America, WEAF, WCLF, WAT, WCL, WFDT and WUKEF 
(in each case, in such capacity, the "Guarantor" and together, the "Guarantors" and each such guarantee, 
a "Guarantee" and together, the "Guarantees"). 
Each Guarantor's obligations under its Guarantee are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
The following are extracts from the Deed of Guarantee. Defined terms have the meaning given to them 
therein. 
2.1 
Each of the Guarantors, in respect of any Notes, irrevocably and unconditionally and jointly and 
severally:  
2.1.1 
guarantees to each holder of any such Note and, where applicable, any Receipt, Coupon 
and/or Talon relating thereto (each a "Holder" and together, the "Holders") and to each 
Accountholder punctual performance by the Issuer thereof of all of the Issuer’s 
obligations under this Deed and under such Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and/or the Talons relating to such Notes;  
2.1.2 
undertakes with each applicable Holder and Accountholder that whenever the Issuer does 
not pay any amount when due under or in connection with this Deed or such Notes and, 
where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons relating to such Notes for 
any reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming 
known to the Issuer, any such Guarantor or any Holder or Accountholder), that the 
Guarantors shall immediately on the relevant due date pay that amount in place of the 
Issuer; and 
2.1.3 
as a separate, independent and alternative stipulation agrees (1) that any sum which, 
although expressed to be payable by the Issuer under this Deed or such Notes and, where 
applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons relating to such Notes, is for any 
reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming known 
to the Issuer, any such Guarantor or any Holder or any Accountholder) not recoverable 
from any such Guarantor as a result of the obligations guaranteed under Clauses 2.1.1 
and 2.1.2 above being or becoming unenforceable, void, voidable, invalid or illegal for 
any reason shall nevertheless be recoverable from it and shall be paid by it to the relevant 
Holder or the relevant Accountholder on demand and (2) to indemnify each relevant 
Holder or the relevant Accountholder immediately on demand against any cost, loss or 
liability suffered by that Holder or that Accountholder as a result of any sum expressed 
to be payable by the Issuer under this Deed or under such Notes and, where applicable, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons relating to them not being paid by the time, 
on the date and otherwise in the manner specified therein or if any obligation guaranteed 
by it is or becomes unenforceable, void, voidable, invalid or illegal for any reason 
(whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming known to the 
Issuer, any such Guarantor or any Holder or any Accountholder). The amount of the cost, 
loss or liability shall be equal to the amount which that Holder or Accountholder would 
otherwise have been entitled to recover from the Issuer. 
All payments by any Guarantor under its Guarantee hereunder will be made subject to 
Condition 6 of the Notes. 
… 
2.6 
Status of the Guarantee 
This Guarantee constitutes, in respect of each Guarantor, a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 3 of the Notes) unsecured obligation of such Guarantor and ranks and 
shall at all times rank pari passu, without any preference or priority by reason of date of issue, 
currency of payment or otherwise, with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of such Guarantor, whether outstanding on the date of this Guarantee or thereafter 
(subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under (in the case of each

--- Page 87 ---
76 
 
Guarantor) the law of the jurisdiction of the country and/or state of its incorporation or 
establishment. 
… 
4. 
Amendment and Disapplication of this Deed 
4.1 
Amendment of this Deed: None of the Guarantors may amend, vary, terminate or suspend this 
Deed or its obligations under it (other than aforesaid) until after the Termination Date unless such 
amendment, variation, termination or suspension shall have been approved by a resolution of the 
General Meeting of holders of any Series of such Notes outstanding or a Written Unanimous 
Resolution or a Written Majority Decision of such holders (as defined and described in Condition 10 
of the Conditions), save that nothing in this Clause shall prevent the Guarantors from increasing or 
extending their respective obligations under this Deed by way of supplement to it at any time. 
4.2 
Notwithstanding the terms of Clause 4.1 above, the obligations of any Guarantor may be terminated 
if, (a) pursuant to a reorganisation of URW, such Guarantor merges with, or all or substantially all 
of its assets and liabilities are transferred to, any other Guarantor or the Issuer, or (b) there is at least 
one Credit Rating and such Credit Rating would not be (or if there is more than one Credit Rating, 
neither of such Credit Ratings would be) downgraded by one notch or more by reason of such 
termination. 
For the purposes of this Clause: 
"Credit Rating" means: 
(i)  
in respect of Moody’s, the "Long Term Issuer Rating" or any equivalent future replacement rating 
of Moody's; or  
(ii)  
in respect of S&P’s, the "Corporate Credit Rating" or any equivalent future replacement rating of 
S&P, 
in each case solicited by the Group for its long-term indebtedness. 
"Group" refers to the consolidated group composed of URW SE and URW NV and their respective 
subsidiaries from time to time. 
"Moody's" means Moody’s Investors Services Limited or any successor to its ratings business. 
"S&P" means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or any 
successor to its ratings business."

--- Page 88 ---
77 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used in full for the general corporate purposes 
of the Issuer, including for the financing of the Group's acquisition and developing policy, unless the Final 
Terms specify that the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes may be used: 
(i) 
to finance (through loans or equity) the construction and/or development of one or more Eligible 
Assets (as defined below) as further described in the URW Green Bond Framework (as defined 
below); and/or 
(ii) 
to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
URW has developed, in continental Europe, a "Green Bond" framework to finance (through loans or equity) 
the construction and/or development of Eligible Assets, as further described in the Corporate Social 
Responsibility section (pages 120 to 128) of the URW SE 2021 Universal Registration Document, as may 
be amended or completed from time to time in particular in relation to the financing of assets of the Group 
which are not located in continental Europe, in which case URW intends to publish any such amended or 
completed framework on its website (https://www.urw.com/en/investors/financing-activity/green-
financing) (the "URW Green Bond Framework"). In relation to specific issuances of Notes, any 
documents produced to complement the URW Green Bond Framework (including, for example, additional 
criteria or indicators) will be published by URW on the abovementioned website. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the URW Green Bond Framework is not incorporated into this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers 
have reviewed the URW Green Bond Framework and none of the Dealers have assessed whether any Green 
Bonds would comply with the URW Green Bond Framework or any investors' green investment 
requirements.  
For the purposes of this programme, "Eligible Assets" are: 
(A) 
with respect to assets located in continental Europe, assets: 
(i) 
which are Greenfield/Brownfield project or projects under construction (redevelopment 
and/or extension/renovation project) and/or standing asset managed by URW SE or its 
subsidiaries which: 
a. 
achieved BREEAM certification1 (or any other equivalent certification) at a level of 
"Very Good" or higher in the design phase, and 
b. have been or will be awarded "BREEAM In-Use" (or any other equivalent 
certification) for the intrinsic part ("Part 1") and the building operations part ("Part 
2") according to the BREEAM evaluation framework, at a level of "Very Good" or 
above within a reasonable time after the start of operation; and 
(ii) 
which meet any additional criteria which may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(B) 
with respect to assets which are not located in continental Europe, assets which would comply with 
criteria which the Issuer intends to publish in its URW Green Bond Framework,  
in each case, as would be further described in the relevant Final Terms and as identified from time to time 
in the URW Green Bond Framework. 
For issuances of Notes whose net proceeds may be used in accordance with paragraph (i) above in relation 
to Eligible Assets located in continental Europe, the social and environmental criteria associated with the 
green bonds were developed and approved by Vigeo. URW intends to comply with the ICMA Green Bond 
 
1  
BREEAM is an environmental assessment method and rating system for buildings launched in 1990. 
BREEAM sets a standard for best practice in sustainable building design, construction and operation 
and a measure of a building’s environmental performance. It encourages designers, clients and others 
to think about low-carbon and low-impact design, minimising the energy demands created by a building 
before considering energy efficiency and low-carbon technologies (please see www.breeam.org for 
more information).

--- Page 89 ---
78 
 
Principles updated in March 2015. In line with the Group’s internal green bond analysis, selection and 
monitoring procedure, URW intends to allocate the funds generated by green bonds issuances to Eligible 
Assets. In the case of an asset disposal during the funding period (i.e. prior to the bond issue maturity), 
URW intends to reallocate the proceeds initially allocated to the disposed asset to another Eligible Asset 
held by the Group. URW has engaged and intends to further engage independent auditors, as third parties, 
to verify that the assets financed meet the eligibility criteria. The annual reporting on these criteria and the 
related independent auditor's reasonable assurance reports are presented in the Unibail-Rodamco SE 2016 
Annual and Sustainable Development Report, the Unibail-Rodamco SE 2017 Registration Document, the 
URW SE 2018 Registration Document, the URW SE 2019 Universal Registration Document, the URW SE 
2020 Universal Registration Document and the URW SE 2021 Universal Registration Document.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the above documents, other than specific parts of the URW SE 2020 Universal 
Registration Document and the URW SE 2021 Universal Registration Document indicated in “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”, are not incorporated by reference and are included for information purposes 
only.  
For issuances of Notes whose net proceeds may be used in accordance with paragraph (i) above in relation 
to Eligible Assets which are not located in continental Europe, URW intends to indicate on its website 
(https://www.urw.com/en/investors/financing-activity/green-financing) 
and/or 
in 
its 
Green 
Bond 
Framework (1) which standard applies, if any, (2) the internal method put in place to manage the proceeds 
and whether and where it will provide post issuance information on the use of proceeds, including any 
periodic reporting (for example with regards to compliance with the URW Green Bond Framework, in 
particular in the independent auditor's reasonable assurance report mentioned above), and (3) whether it 
will solicit external reviews, external auditors or any other third party, including in relation to any second 
party 
opinion 
which 
would 
be 
published 
on 
the 
URW 
website 
(https://www.urw.com/en/investors/financing-activity/green-financing).  
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds may be used to finance investments in one or 
more Eligible Assets in accordance with (i) above, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
investors are advised to consult the URW Green Bond Framework for further information. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms regarding use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. Prospective investors must also determine for themselves the relevance of any opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
79 
 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE 
For further information about URW SE, its business overview, its principal activities and administrative, 
management and supervisory bodies, please see pages 25 and 26 of this Base Prospectus.  
Organisational structure 
On 7 June 2018, URW SE acquired Westfield Corporation for shares and cash via Australian company and 
trust schemes of arrangement to form the new group, URW (the "URW Transaction"). Upon the 
completion of the URW Transaction, URW SE shareholders and Westfield Corporation securityholders 
held stapled shares, each comprising one ordinary share of URW SE and one class A share of URW NV 
(the "Stapled Shares"). The Stapled Shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. ("Euronext 
Amsterdam") and Euronext Paris. URW also established a secondary listing on the Australian Securities 
Exchange to allow securityholders to trade the Stapled Shares locally in the form of chess depositary 
interests.  
Although URW SE and URW NV remain separate entities following the URW Transaction, URW operates 
as a coordinated economic group, and URW publishes consolidated financial statements for the stapled 
group. The Stapled Shares make up 100% of the share capital of URW SE and 60% of the share capital of 
URW NV. The remaining 40% of the share capital of URW NV consists of class B shares and is held by 
URW SE. 
WCL, directly owned by URW SE, and various of its subsidiaries are the primary entities through which 
shopping centre development, design, construction, management and leasing operations and funds and asset 
management activities are conducted in the United Kingdom and in the United States (development, design 
and construction). URW America, a subsidiary of URW NV, and various of its subsidiaries are the primary 
entities through which URW owns its shopping centre interests in the United States. Interests in URW's 
United Kingdom properties are held through WCL and WFD Trust, indirectly owned by URW SE. URW’s 
operations in other parts of Europe are operated by subsidiaries of URW SE. 
The structure of URW, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, is set out in simplified form in the chart below.  
As URW SE and URW NV are the parent companies of URW, they depend in part on the financial and 
trading position of their respective principal subsidiaries.

--- Page 91 ---
80 
 
Major shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, URW SE is not aware of any person or persons who directly or 
indirectly, jointly or severally, exercise or could exercise control over URW SE. 
Material contracts 
URW SE has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to URW SE's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes 
it has issued.

--- Page 92 ---
81 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS 
In accordance with Article 18 of the Prospectus Regulation, the AMF granted, at URW's request, approval 
to omit from the Base Prospectus historical financial information for URW America, WEAF, WCLF, 
WFDT, WUKEF, WAT and WCL for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
as would otherwise have been required pursuant to item 3 of Annex 21 and item 11 of Annex 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The financial 
information from the URW SE 2022 Half Year Financial Report incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus includes all of the subsidiaries of URW, including URW America, WEAF, WCLF, WFDT, 
WUKEF, WAT and WCL. As at 30 June 2022:  
• 
URW America represented a total contribution of €10 billion to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 
20.0%), a total contribution of €3.8 billion to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 15.7%) and a total 
contribution of minus €250 million to URW's net result (i.e. -41.61%);  
• 
WEAF represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €263 million to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 1.1%) and a total contribution of €0 
to URW's net result (i.e. 0%);   
• 
WCLF represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 0%) and a total contribution of €0 to URW's 
net result (i.e. 0%);  
• 
WFDT represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 0%) and a total contribution of €0 to URW's 
net result (i.e. 0%); 
• 
WUKEF represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €932 million to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 3.8%) and a total contribution of €15 
million to URW's net result (i.e. 2.5%);  
• 
WAT represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 0%) and a total contribution of €0 to URW's 
net result (i.e. 0%); and  
• 
WCL represented a total contribution of €0 to URW's consolidated assets (i.e. 0%), a total 
contribution of €932 million to URW's consolidated debt (i.e. 3.8%) and a total contribution of 
minus €15 million to URW's net result (i.e. -2.4%).  
1. 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD N.V. 
Business overview 
Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. ("URW NV") is a holding company with no material direct business 
operations. The principal assets of URW NV are the equity interests it directly or indirectly holds in its 
operating subsidiaries.  
Organisational structure 
For information on the structure of URW SE and URW NV's place within it, please see page 79 (Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this Base Prospectus.  
Major shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, URW SE holds just over 40 per cent of the shares of URW NV. The 
other just under 60 per cent of the shares of URW NV are held by the shareholders of URW SE as part of 
Stapled Shares which are listed, see page 79 (Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
URW NV Governance Structure

--- Page 93 ---
82 
 
URW NV has a two-tier board structure consisting of a management board (the "URW NV Management 
Board") (bestuur) and supervisory board (the "URW NV Supervisory Board") (raad van 
commissarissen), the members of which are set out below.  
Composition of the URW NV Supervisory Board: 
Name 
Title 
External Functions 
Jean-Marie Tritant 
Chair 
Representative 
of 
Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield 
SE 
as 
Member of the French Fédération 
des Sociétés Immobilières et 
Foncières (FSIF). 
Non-Executive 
Director 
of 
Pavillon de l’Arsenal. 
Representative 
of 
Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield SE on the 
Board of Directors of Société 
Paris-Île-de-France 
Capitale 
Économique. 
Representative 
of 
Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield SE on the 
Executive Committee of the 
Palladio Foundation. 
Director of the European Public 
Real Estate Association (EPRA). 
Fabrice Mouchel  
Vice-Chair 
None. 
Jean-Louis Laurens 
Senior Independent Director 
Chairman of Blulog, Sp. Z. 
Chairman of A4P Technologies 
SA.  
Member of the supervisory board 
Andera Partners. 
Member of the board of directors 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Investment 
Management. 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board Crover World. 
Catherine Pourre 
Member 
Member of the supervisory board 
Crédit Agricole SA. 
Member of the supervisory board 
SEB SA. 
Member of the supervisory board 
Bénéteau. 
Member of the supervisory board 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank. 
Member of the management 
board CPO Services. 
 
Aline Taireh 
Member 
None

--- Page 94 ---
83 
 
 
Composition of the URW NV Management Board: 
Name 
Title 
External Functions 
Dominic Lowe 
Chief Operating Officer US 
None  
Gerard Sieben 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer, 
Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield 
N.V.  
None 
 
The URW NV Management Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of URW NV which 
includes, among other things, formulating strategies and policies, and setting and achieving URW NV’s 
objectives, and it is advised by the Senior Management Team. The URW NV Supervisory Board supervises 
and advises the URW NV Management Board. 
Each member of the URW NV Management Board ("URW NV Management Board Member") and the 
URW NV Supervisory Board ("URW NV Supervisory Board Member") must act in the corporate 
interests of URW NV and of the business connected with it and consider with due care the interests of all 
stakeholders including URW NV’s shareholders, creditors, employees and customers. 
URW NV Supervisory Board 
The URW NV Supervisory Board is charged with the supervision of the policy of the URW NV 
Management Board and the general course of affairs of URW NV and of the business connected with it. 
The URW NV Supervisory Board shall provide the URW NV Management Board with advice. In 
performing their duties, URW NV Supervisory Board Members shall be guided by the interests of URW 
NV and of the business connected with it. 
URW NV Management Board 
The URW NV Management Board is charged with the management of URW NV, subject to the restrictions 
contained in URW NV's articles of association. In performing their duties, URW NV Management Board 
Members shall be guided by the interests of URW NV and of the business connected with it. 
The URW NV Management Board is required to provide the URW NV Supervisory Board with the 
information necessary for the performance of its tasks in a timely fashion. Certain resolutions of the URW 
NV Management Board require the approval of the URW NV Supervisory Board. At least once a year, the 
URW NV Management Board shall inform the URW NV Supervisory Board in writing of the main features 
of the strategic policy, the general and financial risks and the administration and control system of URW 
NV. 
The URW NV Management Board is entitled to represent URW NV. The power to represent URW NV 
also vests in the URW NV Management Board Member designated as Chief Operating Officer for URW 
NV's operations in the United States and any other URW NV Management Board Member acting jointly.  
To the best of URW NV's knowledge, as at the date of this Base Prospectus there is no potential conflict of 
interest between any duties to URW NV of the members of the URW NV Management Board or the URW 
NV Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or duties. 
Material contracts 
URW NV has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to URW NV's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes 
it has guaranteed.

--- Page 95 ---
84 
 
Distributions 
In order to maintain its FII status, URW NV intends to comply with the fiscal distribution requirement to 
pay a dividend that is at least equal to the fiscal profit of URW NV within eight months after the end of 
each financial year.  
URW NV can only make a distribution to the extent that its equity exceeds the amount of the paid-up and 
called-up part of its capital plus the reserves which must be maintained by law. At the proposal of the URW 
NV Management Board, with the approval of the URW NV Supervisory Board, URW NV's general 
meeting of shareholders is authorised to resolve to make a distribution from URW NV's reserves. 
URW NV is generally required to withhold Dutch dividend withholding tax at a rate of 15% from dividends 
distributed by URW NV, subject to possible relief under Dutch domestic law or an applicable Dutch double 
tax treaty depending on a particular shareholder's individual circumstances. 
Since its incorporation, URW NV has not declared any dividend payments on its shares. 
A claim for payment of a distribution lapses five years after the date the distribution became payable. Any 
distribution that is not collected within this period will be considered to have been forfeited to URW NV. 
General Information 
URW NV was incorporated as Unibail-Rodamco B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under the laws of The Netherlands on 14 February 2018. On 
22 March 2018, URW NV changed its legal name to WFD Unibail-Rodamco N.V. and converted its legal 
form to a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) pursuant to a notarial deed of 
amendment and conversion in accordance with a resolution of URW NV's general meeting of shareholders 
adopted on 15 March 2018. At the Annual General Meeting held on 9 June 2020, the shareholders adopted 
the name change to Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. Its corporate life does not have a fixed duration.  
URW NV has its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its registered address 
at Schiphol Boulevard 315, World Trade Center Schiphol – Toren F, 7th Floor, 1118 BJ Schiphol, The 
Netherlands. URW NV is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce 
(handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel) under number 70898618. The Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of URW NV is 7245002R31EKBDW59H93. 
Its telephone number is +31 (0) 20 658 25 33. 
FII status 
Having obtained confirmation from the Dutch tax authorities regarding the fulfilment of certain conditions 
to apply the FII regime, including the granting of a grace period with regard to the applicable shareholders 
requirements, URW NV applies the FII regime as laid down in Article 28 of the Dutch Corporate Income 
Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
Pursuant to the FII regime, an FII is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at a rate of 0%. An FII must 
annually distribute is ‘distributable’ profits to its shareholders within eight months after the end of the 
relevant tax book year (doorstootverplichting). An FII’s ‘distributable’ profits are generally determined on 
the basis of the tax accounting principles applicable to taxpayers regularly subject to Dutch corporate 
income tax, subject to certain exceptions including the non-availability of the participation exemption. 
Subject to certain conditions and limitations, unrealized gains on securities and realized gains on all other 
investments may be added to a reinvestment reserve (herbeleggingsreserve). If and to the extent 
(un)realized gains are added to the reinvestment reserve, this is treated as an allowable charge against the 
taxable profits. An FII may further elect to form a rounding off reserve (afrondingsreserve) to round off its 
profits for purposes of the annual distribution obligation. 
Distributions of profits by an FII are generally subject to Dutch dividend withholding tax at a rate of 15%, 
subject to possible relief depending on a particular shareholder’s individual circumstances. From a Dutch 
tax perspective, considering that an FII is subject to Dutch corporate income tax, it is generally regarded as 
a ‘resident’ for purposes of the Dutch double tax treaty network.

--- Page 96 ---
85 
 
An FII acts as the withholding agent for purposes of the Dutch dividend withholding tax due on distributions 
of profits to its shareholder. An FII must withhold and remit to the Dutch tax authorities the amount of 
Dutch dividend withholding tax due by the shareholders. An FII may apply a remittance reduction 
(afdrachtvermindering) to the amount of Dutch dividend withholding tax withheld on its own distributions 
of profits. Subject to certain conditions and limitations, an FII can as such recover Dutch and foreign 
withholding tax incurred by it through a rebate against the amount of Dutch dividend withholding tax 
withheld on its distributions of profits. 
Further Information 
Further information on URW NV can be found on URW NV's website (www.urw-nv.com).  
2. 
OTHER GUARANTORS 
WESTFIELD CORPORATION LIMITED 
History 
Westfield Corporation Limited ("WCL") is an Australian public company limited by shares registered in 
Victoria, Australia with Australian Company Number 166 995 197. WCL was incorporated on 28 
November 2013 under Australian law and its registered address is 'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 
Phillip Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. Its corporate life does not have a fixed duration.  
On 7 June 2018, URW SE completed the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of WCL. The ultimate 
parent undertaking and controlling entity of WCL is now URW SE. See page 79 (Unibail-Rodamco-
Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this Base Prospectus. 
The constitution of WCL was last amended by special resolution passed on 7 June 2018.  
Business 
WCL and various of its subsidiaries have historically been the primary legal entities through which URW 
conducts its Westfield shopping centre, design, construction and management activities in the United 
Kingdom. For further information with respect to the total contribution of WCL to URW's consolidated 
assets, consolidated debt and net result as at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, WCL had no employees.  
Board of Directors  
WCL currently has the following board members (the "WCL Directors"): 
Name 
Title 
Michael John Britton 
Director 
Fabrice Mouchel 
Director 
Rupert Clive Smoker 
Director 
Rudolf Vogelaar 
Board Member 
David Zeitoun 
Board Member 
 
The company secretary of WCL is Eleanor Hutton. 
The WCL Directors are responsible for overseeing the proper management of the business of WCL. They 
may exercise all the powers of WCL as are not, by the Corporations Act or by the WCL constitution, 
required to be exercised by WCL in general meeting. This includes preparing an annual directors' report 
and annual financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. The WCL Directors are 
also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records and implementing and monitoring the 
effectiveness of WCL's internal controls and risk management systems.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the WCL Directors' 
duties to WCL and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 97 ---
86 
 
General meeting of members 
As a wholly-owned public company, WCL is not required to hold an annual general meeting of members; 
rather, member’s resolutions are passed when required by written resolution. It is the general meeting of 
members that appoints the directors, determines the remuneration of WCL Directors, may suspend or 
dismiss WCL Directors and ratify the actions of the Directors. Further, the general meeting of members 
adopts the annual accounts, determines the allocation of profits and appoints the auditors. It is also the 
general meeting that decides, inter alia, to issue new shares or to amend the WCL constitution. 
Material contracts 
WCL has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the ordinary 
course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to WCL's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it has guaranteed. 
General Information 
WCL has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Australia in connection with the 
Programme and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of WCL is 549300LQ6K2ED6X72X66. 
WESTFIELD AMERICA TRUST 
History 
Westfield America Trust in respect of which the trustee is Westfield America Management Pty Limited 
("WAT") is an Australian unit trust with Australian Business Number 27 374 714 905. WAT was registered 
on 3 April 2000 under Australian law. Unless WAT is terminated earlier in accordance with the WAT 
Constitution or Australian law, it will terminate on 27 March 2076. It was voluntarily deregistered as a 
managed investment scheme on 24 September 2018 (which is a regulatory process and does not affect the 
existence of WAT).  
The immediate and sole unitholder of WAT is URW America Inc. ("URW America") a company 
incorporated in the United States of America which is directly owned by URW NV. See page 79 (Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this Base Prospectus.  
The trust constitution (trust deed) ("WAT Constitution") of WAT was last amended by special resolution 
on 24 May 2018.  
Trustee 
Westfield America Management Pty Limited ("WAML") is the trustee of WAT. WAML is an Australian 
large proprietary company limited by shares registered in New South Wales with Australian Company 
Number 072 780 619. WAML was incorporated on 12 February 1996 under Australian law and its 
registered address is 'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. 
Its corporate life does not have a fixed duration.  
As trustee of WAT, WAML has obligations under the WAT Constitution and at general law to, in summary, 
operate WAT in the best interests of unitholders (currently WCL). WAML has wide powers and discretions 
under the WAT Constitution.  
The immediate parent undertaking of WAML is WCL.  
Business 
WAT and various of its subsidiaries are the primary entities through which URW has historically owned 
and managed its Westfield shopping centre interests in the United States. For further information with 
respect to the total contribution of WAT to URW's consolidated assets, consolidated debt and net result as 
at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, WAT had no employees.

--- Page 98 ---
87 
 
Board of Directors  
WAML, the trustee of WAT, currently has the following board members (the "WAML Directors"): 
Name 
Title 
Michael John Britton 
Director 
Fabrice Mouchel 
Director 
Rupert Clive Smoker 
Director  
Rudolf Vogelaar 
Director  
 
WAML is responsible for overseeing the proper management of the business of WAT and has all the legal 
capacity and powers in respect of WAT that it is possible to confer on a trustee and as though it were an 
individual who is the absolute owner of the assets of WAT and acting in their personal capacity.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the WAML 
Directors' duties to WAT and their private interests or other duties.  
General meeting of members 
There is no annual general meeting requirement for WAT but WAML, as trustee, may convene a meeting 
at any time, as may URW America as sole unitholder.  
Material contracts 
WAT has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the ordinary 
course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to WAT's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it has guaranteed. 
General Information 
WAML, in its capacity as trustee of WAT has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Australia in connection with the Programme and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of WAT is 875500C349VLEGH2LD72. 
WFD TRUST 
History 
WFD Trust in respect of which the trustee is WAML ("WFDT") is an Australian unit trust with Australian 
Business Number 50 598 857 938. WFDT was registered on 9 April 2014 under Australian law. Unless 
WFDT is terminated earlier in accordance with the WFDT Constitution or Australian law, it will terminate 
on 27 March 2076. It was voluntarily deregistered as a managed investment scheme on 24 September 2018 
(which is a regulatory process and does not affect the existence of WFDT). 
The immediate and sole unitholder of WFDT is Unibail-Rodamco TH B.V. ("URTH"), a private company 
with limited liability incorporated in The Netherlands which is directly owned by URW SE. See page 79 
(Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this Base Prospectus. 
The trust constitution (trust deed) of WFDT (the "WFDT Constitution") was last amended by special 
resolution passed on 24 May 2018.  
Trustee 
WAML is the trustee of WFDT.   
As trustee of WFDT, WAML has obligations under the WFDT Constitution and at general law to, in 
summary, operate WFDT in the best interests of unitholders (currently URTH). WAML has wide powers 
and discretions under the WFDT Constitution.

--- Page 99 ---
88 
 
Business 
WFDT is one of the primary entities through which URW has historically owned interest in certain of its 
United Kingdom properties. For further information with respect to the total contribution of WFDT to 
URW's consolidated assets, consolidated debt and net result as at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, WFDT had no employees.  
Board of Directors  
See above at page 87 for information on the board members of WAML, trustee of WFDT. 
WAML is responsible for overseeing the proper management of the business of WFDT and has all the legal 
capacity and powers in respect of WFDT that it is possible to confer on a trustee and as though it were an 
individual who is the absolute owner of the assets of WFDT and acting in their personal capacity. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the WAML Directors' duties 
to WFDT and their private interests or other duties. 
General meeting of members 
There is no annual general meeting requirement for WFDT but WAML, as trustee, may convene a meeting 
at any time as may URTH as sole unitholder.  
Material contracts 
WFDT has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to WFDT's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it 
has guaranteed.  
General Information 
WAML, in its capacity as trustee of WFDT has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in Australia in connection with the Programme and the performance of its obligations in 
relation thereto.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of WFDT is 875500I0GGCIJKVIB444. 
WCL FINANCE PTY LIMITED 
History 
WCL Finance Pty Ltd ("WCLF") is an Australian proprietary company limited by shares registered in 
Victoria with Australian Company Number 168 109 135. WCLF was incorporated on 18 February 2014 
under Australian law and its registered address is 'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip Street, 
Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. Its corporate life does not have a fixed duration.  
The immediate and sole parent undertaking of WCLF is WCL which is directly owned by URW SE. The 
current ultimate parent undertaking and controlling entity of WCLF is now URW SE. See page 79 (Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this Base Prospectus. 
The constitution of WCLF (the "WCLF Constitution") was last amended by special resolution passed on 
7 June 2018. 
Business 
The principal activity of WCLF has historically been to provide treasury services to the Australian entities 
within URW. For further information with respect to the total contribution of WCLF to URW's consolidated 
assets, consolidated debt and net result as at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, WCLF had no employees.

--- Page 100 ---
89 
 
Board of Directors  
WCLF currently has the following board members (the "WCLF Directors"):  
Name 
Title 
Ian Frederick Pyman 
Director 
Fabrice Mouchel  
Director 
Jonathan Andrew Hodes 
Director 
 
The company secretary of WCLF is Eleanor Hutton. 
The WCLF Directors are responsible for overseeing the proper management of the business of WCLF. 
They may exercise all the powers of WCLF as are not, by the Corporations Act or by the WCLF 
Constitution, required to be exercised by WCLF in general meeting. The Directors are also responsible for 
keeping adequate accounting records and implementing and monitoring the effectiveness of WCLF's 
internal controls and risk management systems.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the WCLF 
Directors' duties to WCLF and their private interests or other duties.  
General meeting of members 
WCLF is not required to hold an annual general meeting of members; rather, member’s resolutions are 
passed when required by written resolution. It is the general meeting of members that appoints the directors, 
determines the remuneration of WCLF Directors, may suspend or dismiss WCLF Directors and ratify the 
actions of the WCLF Directors. Further, the general meeting of members adopts the annual accounts, 
determines the allocation of profits and appoints the auditors. It is also the general meeting that decides, 
inter alia, to issue new shares or to amend the WCLF Constitution. 
Material contracts 
WCLF has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to WCLF's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it 
has guaranteed.  
General Information 
WCLF has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Australia in connection with 
the Programme and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of WCLF is 549300TPE4B7C9RHFP96.  
WESTFIELD UK & EUROPE FINANCE PLC 
History 
Westfield UK & Europe Finance plc ("WUKEF") is a public limited company registered in England and 
Wales with registration number 08094102. WUKEF was incorporated on 6 June 2012 under English law 
and its registered address is 4th Floor, 1 Ariel Way, London, W12 7SL, United Kingdom. Its telephone 
number is +44 (0) 20 7061 1400. Its corporate life does not have a fixed duration.  
Since 9 December 2021, the immediate parent undertaking of WUKEF has been Westfield Europe Limited, 
a private limited company registered in England and Wales with registration number 039 12122, which 
itself is directly owned by Unibail-Rodamco TH B.V. since 24 December 2021. As Unibail-Rodamco TH 
B.V. is directly owned by URW SE, the current ultimate parent undertaking and controlling entity of 
WUKEF is now URW SE. See page 79 (Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The articles of association of WUKEF were last amended by special resolution passed on 19 June 2018.

--- Page 101 ---
90 
 
Business 
The principal activity of WUKEF is to act as financier of group undertakings in the United Kingdom and 
Europe. For further information with respect to the total contribution of WUKEF to URW's consolidated 
assets, consolidated debt and net result as at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, WUKEF had no employees.  
Board of Directors  
WUKEF currently has the following board members (the "WUKEF Directors"): 
Name 
Title 
Amanda Beattie 
Director  
Jonathan Hodes 
Director 
Scott Parsons 
Director 
 
The business address of each board member is the registered office of WUKEF. The company secretary of 
WUKEF is Gillian Houinato. 
The WUKEF Directors are responsible for preparing an annual strategic report, an annual directors' report 
and annual financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. The WUKEF Directors 
are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records and implementing and monitoring the 
effectiveness of WUKEF's internal controls and risk management systems.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the WUKEF 
Directors' duties to WUKEF and their private interests or other duties.  
General Meeting of Shareholders 
The annual general meeting of the shareholders of WUKEF (the "WUKEF Shareholders") is held within 
six months of the end of each financial year of WUKEF. In addition, extraordinary general meetings of the 
WUKEF Shareholders are held whenever deemed desirable by the WUKEF Directors or, in certain 
circumstances, where either requisitioned or called (as applicable) by the WUKEF Shareholders. The 
WUKEF Directors are required to lay the annual accounts before a general meeting of WUKEF 
Shareholders and the WUKEF Shareholders resolve, at that general meeting, whether or not to receive those 
accounts. Further, the general meeting of WUKEF Shareholders appoints the auditors of WUKEF and may 
declare dividends. It is also the general meeting of WUKEF Shareholders that resolves to approve any 
amendments to the WUKEF articles of association and resolves to grant any power to the WUKEF 
Directors to allot shares in WUKEF (to the extent that such power is not already contained in WUKEF’s 
articles of association in force from time to time). 
Material contracts 
WUKEF has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to WUKEF's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it 
has guaranteed.  
General Information 
WUKEF has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England and Wales in 
connection with the Programme and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of WUKEF is 5493006CGDSVSZ7KYV80.

--- Page 102 ---
91 
 
WEA FINANCE LLC 
History 
WEA Finance LLC ("WEAF") is a Delaware limited liability company with registration number 3797582. 
WEAF was formed on 30 April 2004. Its registered address for service of process in the State of Delaware 
is c/o The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center 1209 Orange St, Wilmington, New Castle, 
Delaware, 19801. WEAF does not have a fixed term for its existence.  
WEAF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Westfield America Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited 
partnership ("WALP"). WALP is the operating partnership of URW WEA LLC ("URW WEA"). The 
majority of the common units of URW WEA is held by WEA Holdings, LLC, which is directly owned by 
URW America, a direct subsidiary of URW NV, and WHL USA Acquisitions Inc., which is directly owned 
by both URW America and URW SE. The ultimate parent undertakings of WEAF are therefore URW NV 
and URW SE. See page 79 (Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE – Organisational structure) of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Business 
As set forth in the Agreement of Limited Liability Company of WEAF, dated as of 30 April 2004 (the 
"WEAF LLC Agreement"), the purposes of WEAF comprise the following: (i) the borrowing of funds or 
raising of any debt or incurring of debt (including the issue, sale and acquisition of debentures or any other 
security for a debt) for the purpose of providing financial accommodation to Westfield America, Inc., 
WALP and/or any of their subsidiaries (each, a "WEA Entity"), provided such financial accommodation 
is not subordinated; (ii) entering into guarantees, on a joint and several basis, in respect of any debt of any 
of the finance subsidiaries of Westfield Holdings Limited, Westfield Trust or Westfield America Trust; (iii) 
entering into interest-rate swap agreements to manage the interest rate risk of any WEA Entity and currency 
hedge agreements to manage the foreign currency risk of any WEA Entity (provided, however, that such 
currency hedge agreement is structured in a manner such that any resulting income shall be qualified income 
under Section 856(c)(2) and (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended)); (iv) appointing any 
agent, attorney or delegate to do any of the foregoing; (v) engaging in any lawful act or activity (including, 
without limitation, commercial acts or activities) for which limited liability companies may be formed 
under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del. C. §18-101, et seq.); and (vi) all activities 
related or incidental to any of the foregoing, but not in contravention of any of the provisions of the WEAF 
LLC Agreement. For further information with respect to the total contribution of WEAF to URW's 
consolidated assets, consolidated debt and net result as at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, WEAF had no employees.  
Board of Directors & Corporate Governance  
WEAF does not have a board of directors.  
It is managed and controlled by its sole managing member, WALP. For corporate governance, WEAF is 
governed by the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del. C. §18-101 et seq.) and the WEAF LLC 
Agreement. In turn, WALP is governed by its general partner, Westfield U.S. Holdings, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (the "General Partner"). The General Partner is governed by its Board of 
Managers, the members of which are set out below: 
Name 
Title 
Dominic Lowe 
Manager and President 
Christoph Berentzen 
Manager and Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the directors of 
the General Partner's duties to WEAF and their private interests or other duties.  
Material contracts 
WEAF has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or

--- Page 103 ---
92 
 
entitlement that is material to WEAF's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it 
has guaranteed.  
General Information 
WEAF has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the Programme 
and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto. 
WALP is the sole member of WEAF and owns a 100% percentage interest in WEAF. The General Partner 
is the general partner of WALP. Westfield America Shopping Centers, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, 
is the sole member and shareholder of the General Partner and owns 100 shares in the General Partner. 
The telephone number for WEAF is 1-310-478-4456. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of WEAF is 3CYEJKBUJZO3UW777J80. 
URW AMERICA INC. 
History 
URW America Inc. ("URW America") is a Delaware corporation with registration number 6757529. URW 
America was incorporated on 15 February 2018 under Delaware law. Its registered address for service of 
process in the State of Delaware is c/o The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801. URW America does not have a fixed term for its existence.  
URW America is directly owned by URW NV. See page 79 (Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE – 
Organisational structure) of this Base Prospectus.  
Business 
The purpose of URW America is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. URW America is an intermediary 
holding company responsible for holding directly or indirectly URW shareholdings in the United States. 
For further information with respect to the total contribution of URW America to URW's consolidated 
assets, consolidated debt and net result as at 30 June 2022, please see page 81. 
As at 30 June 2022, URW America had no employees.  
URW America intends to elect to be taxed as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code").  
The following paragraphs provide a general description of the main aspects of the REIT regime. 
General 
Under the REIT regime, a REIT that satisfies certain requirements set forth in the Internal Revenue Code 
and elects to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes will generally not be liable for U.S. 
federal corporate income taxes on the net taxable income that it distributes to its shareholders, except as 
described below. 
The Internal Revenue Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association: 
1) that is managed by one or more trustees or directors; 
2) that issues transferable shares or transferable certificates of beneficial interest to evidence its beneficial 
ownership; 
3) that would otherwise be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for sections 856 through 860 of the 
Internal Revenue Code; 
4) that is not a financial institution or an insurance company, as such terms are defined in the Internal 
Revenue Code; 
5) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons; 
6) not more than 50% in value of the outstanding capital stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, 
by five (5) or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain entities);

--- Page 104 ---
93 
 
7) that makes an election to be treated as a REIT for the current taxable year or has made an election for 
a previous taxable year which has not been terminated or revoked; 
8) that distributes dividends (other than capital gains dividends) to its shareholders in an amount equal to 
the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of (A) 90% of its REIT taxable income (computed without regard to 
the dividends paid deduction and net capital gain) and (B) 90% of its net after-tax income from 
foreclosure property over (ii) the sum of certain specified items of non-cash income; 
9) that, in each taxable year, derives (directly or indirectly) (i) at least 75% of its gross income, excluding 
gross income from prohibited transactions, from certain investments in real property or mortgages on 
real property, including rents from real property and dividends from other REITs, and (ii) at least 95% 
of its gross income, excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, from real property 
investments and dividends (including dividends from taxable REIT subsidiaries, interest and gain from 
the sale or disposition of stock or securities, or from any combination of the foregoing); and 
10) which, at the close of each quarter of its taxable year, (i) owns real estate assets (including stock of 
other REITs), cash, cash items and government securities representing at least 75% of the fair market 
value of its total assets, and (ii) does not own (A) securities (other than those securities described in 
(i)) representing more than 25% the total fair market value of its assets, (B) nonqualified publicly 
offered REIT debt instruments representing more than 25% of its total assets, (C) securities of one or 
more taxable REIT subsidiaries representing more than 20% of the total fair market value of its assets, 
or (D) except with respect to taxable REIT subsidiaries, qualified 
11) REIT subsidiaries and securities described in (i), (I) securities of any one issuer representing more than 
5% of the total fair market value of the REIT’s assets or (II) securities of any one issuer representing 
more than 10% of such issuer’s outstanding securities (by either vote or value). 
The Internal Revenue Code provides that conditions (1) through (4) and (7) must be met during the entire 
taxable year, that condition (5) must be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or 
during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year, and condition (6) must be met during the last half of 
each taxable year of the REIT. 
Furthermore, even if a REIT satisfies the requirement to be treated as a REIT under the Internal Revenue 
Code for a particular year, a REIT may be subject to U.S. federal income tax in the following circumstances: 
• 
A REIT will be taxed on any undistributed REIT taxable income, including undistributed net 
capital gains, at regular corporate income tax rates; 
• 
If a REIT has (1) net income from the sale or other disposition of "foreclosure property" which is 
held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business; or (2) other specified 
nonqualifying income from foreclosure property, such REIT will generally be subject to tax at the 
highest corporate income tax rate on any net income from such foreclosure property, including any 
gain from the disposition of the foreclosure property, other than income that would otherwise be 
qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test (as described below); 
• 
A REIT will be subject to a 100% tax on any net income from prohibited transactions, which 
include certain sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the 
ordinary course of business; 
• 
If a REIT fails to satisfy condition (9), above, but maintains qualification as a REIT because it 
satisfied certain other requirements, such REIT will be subject to a 100% tax on an amount equal 
to the gross income attributable to the greater of (i) the amount by which such REIT fails part (i) 
of condition (9) and (ii) the amount by which such REIT fails part (ii) of condition (9), multiplied 
by a fraction intended to reflect the REIT’s profitability for the applicable taxable year; 
• 
If the REIT fails to satisfy any of the REIT asset tests (described in condition (10) above) by more 
than a de minimis amount, due to reasonable cause and not due to wilful neglect, and the REIT 
nonetheless maintains REIT qualification because of specified cure provisions, the REIT will be 
required to pay a tax equal to the greater of US$50,000 or the highest corporate income tax rate 
multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets during the period in which the 
REIT failed to satisfy the asset tests; 
• 
The REIT may be required to pay monetary penalties in certain circumstances, including if the 
REIT fails to meet record-keeping requirements intended to monitor its compliance with rules 
relating to the composition of the REIT’s beneficial ownership as described in condition (5) above;

--- Page 105 ---
94 
 
• 
The REIT will be subject to a 4% excise tax on the excess of the required distribution (as described 
in condition (8) above) over the amounts actually distributed, or deemed distributed, during each 
calendar year; 
• 
The REIT could be subject to a 100% tax attributable to certain non-arm’s length transactions with 
any of the REIT’s taxable REIT subsidiaries or with tenants that receive services from such taxable 
REIT subsidiaries; and 
• 
If a REIT acquires appreciated assets from a corporation that is not a REIT (i.e., a subchapter C 
corporation) in a transaction in which the adjusted basis of the assets in the hands of the REIT is 
determined by reference to the adjusted basis of the assets in the hands of the C corporation 
(including in a transaction in which a C corporation converts to a REIT), the REIT may be subject 
to tax on such appreciation at the highest U.S. federal corporate income tax rate then applicable if 
the REIT subsequently recognizes gain on the disposition of any such assets during the five-year 
period following the acquisition of such assets from the subchapter C corporation. 
Taxes Imposed on REIT Distributions 
A distribution by a REIT that is not attributable to gain from the REIT’s sale or exchange of a U.S. real 
property interest (a "USRPI") will be treated as an ordinary income dividend to the extent it is paid out of 
the REIT’s current or accumulated earnings and profits. In the case of a Dutch FII that qualifies for the 
benefits of the U.S.-Netherlands income tax treaty, any such ordinary income dividend paid to such Dutch 
FII by a REIT will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at the rate of 15% of the gross amount of the dividend. 
Further, distributions paid by a REIT that are attributable to the REIT’s recognized gain from its sale or 
exchange of a USRPI will be generally taxed to a non-U.S. corporate shareholder at the normal U.S. federal 
income tax rates applicable to a U.S. corporation on such amount (currently 21%) and a 30% branch profits 
tax (subject to reduction or elimination under an applicable income tax treaty). However, in the case of a 
Dutch FII that continues to satisfy certain requirements for a "qualified shareholder" set forth in the Internal 
Revenue Code, any distributions received by the Dutch FII that are attributable to a REIT’s recognized gain 
from its sale or exchange of a USRPI will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax in the hands 
of the Dutch FII, except to the extent that the distribution is attributable to shares of the Dutch FII owned 
by a non-U.S. person that owns more than 10% of the outstanding shares of the REIT (whether or not by 
reason of such non-U.S. persons’ ownership interest in the Dutch FII) (in which case, the portion of such 
distribution would be subject to U.S. federal income tax in the manner described in the immediately 
preceding sentence). 
Failure to Qualify 
In the event that a REIT violates a provision of the Internal Revenue Code such that it would fail to qualify 
as a REIT (other than certain violations of the REIT gross income or asset tests, for which other specified 
cure provisions may be available), the REIT is generally entitled to retain its status as a REIT if (i) the 
violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to wilful neglect and (ii) the REIT pays a penalty of 
US$50,000 for each failure to satisfy the provisions. 
If a REIT fails to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, and the relief provisions are not 
applicable, the REIT would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate 
income tax rates (currently 21%). Further, distributions by a REIT to its shareholders in any year in which 
the REIT fails to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code would not be deductible 
by the REIT, and the REIT would not be required to distribute any amounts to its shareholders. Unless 
entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, the REIT would also be disqualified from taxation as 
a REIT until the fifth taxable year which begins after the taxable year during which the REIT failed to 
qualify as such under the Internal Revenue Code. 
Board of Directors  
URW America currently has the following board member (the "URW America Director"):  
Name 
Title 
Dominic Lowe 
Director, Chairman and President

--- Page 106 ---
95 
 
 
The business address of the URW America Director is the principal place of business of URW America.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the URW America 
Director's duties to URW America and their private interests or other duties.  
Corporate Governance 
The business and affairs of URW America are managed by the board of directors of URW America, which 
may exercise all such powers of URW America and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, 
the certificate of incorporation of URW America or the bylaws of URW America directed or required to be 
exercised or done by the stockholders of URW America. For corporate governance, URW America is 
governed by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (8 Del. C. §101 et seq.), the certificate 
of incorporation of URW America and the bylaws of URW America.  
Material contracts 
URW America has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in 
the ordinary course of business) which could result in any member of URW being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to URW America's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of 
Notes it has guaranteed.  
General Information 
URW America has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the Programme and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto.  
The telephone number of URW America is 1-310-478-4456. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of URW America is 549300SUPKRDHGSDIQ29.

--- Page 107 ---
96 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 3 
August 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, 
the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent 
Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the 
Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer, failing whom, the Guarantors, will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between 
them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer, failing whom the Guarantors, have agreed to 
reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for 
certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of 
Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer, failing whom, the Guarantors, have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes 
being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
Regulation S Compliance Category, TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable, or if TEFRA is 
specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes issued as Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, 
by the Fiscal Agent within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is

--- Page 108 ---
97 
 
one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
i. 
Financial Promotions: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or any Guarantor; 
ii. 
General Compliance: it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom; and 
iii. 
Accepting Deposits in the United Kingdom: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less 
than one year (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its businesses and (b) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer.2 
Republic of France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) of 
the Prospectus Regulation and as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
as amended from time to time, and any other applicable French law or regulation. Materialised Notes may 
only be issued outside France. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of any Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, 
directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a 
 
2  
Any such Notes issued must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000.

--- Page 109 ---
98 
 
member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations.  
No such mediation is required:  
(a)  
in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Notes 
in global form; or  
(b)  
in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; 
or  
(c)  
in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between 
individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession; or  
(d)  
in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The 
Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside The Netherlands 
and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately 
thereafter. As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute 
a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act").  Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or 
in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
 Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, the Dealers have represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, this 
Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian 
Consumers. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code 
du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any 
acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and

--- Page 110 ---
99 
 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in Italy means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes, including the 
placement through authorised intermediaries. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Note or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 100 of the Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Italian Financial Act"), as implemented 
by Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as 
amended ("Regulation No. 20307"), pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act and its implementing CONSOB regulations including 
Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction 
under (i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, 
Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the 
"Banking Act") and any other applicable laws or regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering 
or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or resale 
of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and in compliance with any rules made under the SFO; or 
(ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors", as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 111 ---
100 
 
PRC 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that this Base Prospectus, the Notes, or any 
material or information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, 
have not been, and will not be submitted to become, approved/verified by, or registered with, any relevant 
government authorities under PRC law. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree 
that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold by it, directly or indirectly, in 
the PRC (for such purposes and the remaining references to "PRC" in this paragraph "PRC", not including 
the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan) except as permitted by the securities 
laws of the PRC and this Base Prospectus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection 
with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. The material or 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes does not 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. The 
Notes may only be offered or sold to PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes 
of the type being offered or sold. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed to and with the Issuer that it has not made, and will not 
make, any offers, promotions, or solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, 
except where permitted by competent authorities or where the activity otherwise is permitted under the 
PRC law. Each Dealer should ensure that the relevant PRC investors have noted or will note that they are 
responsible for informing themselves about and observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining 
all relevant government regulatory approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations from all relevant 
governmental authorities (including but not limited to the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the 
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the People's Bank of China and/or the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange), and complying with all the applicable PRC regulations, including 
but not limited to any relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign investment regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA 
by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 112 ---
101 
 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or 
to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) 
of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Australia 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that: 
(a) 
no "prospectus" or other "disclosure document" (each as defined in the Corporations Act) in 
relation to the Notes has been or will be lodged with ASIC (as defined below) or any other 
government agency or authority; and 
(b) 
no action has been taken, or will be taken, by it in any jurisdiction which would permit a public 
offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material in relation to Notes, in Australia.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it:  
(i) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes for issue or sale 
in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); 
and 
(ii) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus, 
any prospectus, information memorandum or other offering material or advertisement 
relating to any Notes in Australia,  
unless (i) (A) the aggregate amount payable on acceptance of the offer or invited by each offeree or invitee 
for the Notes is a minimum amount (disregarding amounts, if any, lent by the person offering the Notes or 
its associates (as defined in the Corporations Act)) of A$500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), or 
(B) the offer or invitation is otherwise an offer or invitation for which no disclosure is required to be made 
under Part 6D.2 or Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act, (ii) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer 
to a "retail client" for the purposes of Section 761G or Section 761GA of the Corporations Act, (iii) the 
offer, invitation or distribution complies with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the offer, sale 
and resale of the Notes in the jurisdiction in which such offer, sale and resale occurs, and (iv) such action 
does not require any document to be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission 
("ASIC"). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 113 ---
102 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 114 ---
103 
 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
– The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).] 3  
[DATE] 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE 
(LEI 969500SHQITWXSIS7N89) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
Guaranteed by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V., URW America Inc., WCL Finance Pty Limited, 
WEA Finance LLC, Westfield America Trust, Westfield Corporation Limited, Westfield UK & 
Europe Finance plc and WFD Trust 
Under the EURO 20,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the Base Prospectus dated 3 August 2022 which 
received approval no. 22-335 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 3 August 2022 
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [22/23]-[●] from the 
AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [website] and 
copies may be obtained from [address].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") [which are the [2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/April 2018/October 2018/2019/2020] 
EMTN 
Conditions 
contained 
in 
the 
[2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/April 
2018/October 
2018/2019/2020] Base Prospectus dated [20 June 2012/24 June 2013/1 August 2014/30 July 2015/29 July 
2016/31 July 2017/26 April 2018/26 October 2018/8 August 2019/5 August 2020] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes4 described 
herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 3 August 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
in 
order 
to 
obtain 
all 
the 
relevant 
information, 
save 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
[2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/April 2018/October 2018/2019/2020] EMTN Conditions] which are 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]]. [The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available for viewing at [address] [and] 
[website] and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
 
3  
Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a 
financial institution operating in Singapore and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
4  
Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 115 ---
104 
 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [mention the title of the Series of original notes] 
on [insert date] /the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Notes, as referred to in paragraph 21 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]] (the "Consolidation Date").] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus an 
amount corresponding to accrued interest from, and 
including, [insert date] to, but excluding, [the Issue 
Date/insert other date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[In respect of Dematerialised Notes or Notes admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, there should be one 
denomination only] 
(Where multiple denominations are being used the 
following sample wording (or equivalent) should be 
followed: "€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
€199,000.") 
 
(ii) 
[Calculation Amount:] 
[●] 
[Only applicable to the English Law Notes 5  and 
Materialised Notes] 
(The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for 
the calculation of interest and redemption amounts) will 
be (i) if there is only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if 
there are several Specified Denominations or the 
circumstances referred to in Note 2 above apply (e.g. 
Specified Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of 
€1,000), the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations). If 
 
5  
Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 116 ---
105 
 
"Calculation Amount" is to be used in the Final Terms, 
corresponding references to the Calculation Amount for 
interest, put and call options and redemption amount 
calculation purposes should be included in the terms and 
conditions set out in the base prospectus. Note that a 
Calculation Amount of less than 1,000 units of the 
relevant currency may result in practical difficulties for 
paying agents and/or ICSDs who should be consulted if 
such an amount is proposed.) 
6 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] +/– [•] % Floating Rate] 
[SONIA/SOFR] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[EUR CMS] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [12/13/14] below) 
9 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 12 and 13 below and 
identify there) 
10 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Make-whole Redemption] 
[(See paragraph [15/16/17/18] below)] 
11 
[Date 
of 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 117 ---
106 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [the 
Business Day Convention specified below (RMB Notes 
only)] (specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day")/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
(Not applicable for RMB Notes) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
– 
FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360 (Fixed)] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual - ICMA)] 
 
(vii) 
[Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
(RMB Notes only) 
 
(viii) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating Interest Amounts 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] (RMB Notes only) 
13 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in item (v) below 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]

--- Page 118 ---
107 
 
(Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment, to which item 
23 relates) 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination-IBOR/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Note Applicable] [If applicable and the Rate 
of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period (as per Condition 
4(b)(iii)(B)(e) of the Notes and Condition [●] 6 of the 
English Law Notes7, insert the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
– "p" 
[•] / [Not Applicable]  
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
- Calculation Method: 
[Lag Method/Observation Shift Method] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Rate Determination-
SOFR: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[SOFR] 
 
– "p" 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
6  
Appropriate reference to the relevant English Law Conditions to be included.  
7  
Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 119 ---
108 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention] 
(in the case of a EURIBOR base option, the Reset Date 
should be the first day of the Interest Period)  
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
[Compounding without Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days] 
 
– 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days

--- Page 120 ---
109 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Condition 4(b)(iii)(A) of the Notes  / As per 
Condition [●]8 of the English Law Notes9, 0]/[specify a 
rate higher than 0]] per cent. per annum (For the 
avoidance of doubt, after application of the Margin, if 
any) (see Condition 4(b)(iii) and Condition 4(f) of the 
Notes or Condition [●] 10 and [●] of the English Law 
Notes11) 
 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
– 
FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360 (Fixed)] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
– 
FBF] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30/360 (Fixed)] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
8  
Appropriate reference to the relevant English Law Conditions to be included.  
9  
Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
10  Appropriate reference to the relevant English Law Conditions to be included.  
11  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 121 ---
110 
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount//Specified 
Denomination]]/[Condition 5(e) of the Notes applies] / 
[Condition [●]12  of the English Law Notes13 applies] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions]/[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] [Business/calendar] days] 
16 
Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified (if other 
than set out in [Condition 
5(d) 
of 
the 
Notes] 
/  
[Condition [●]
14  of the 
English Law Notes15]): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Make-whole 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[Aether Financial Services]/[other] 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[●], [●], [●] and [●]/As per Conditions] 
17 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[●] per cent. 
 
12  Appropriate reference to the relevant English Law Conditions to be included.  
13  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
14  Appropriate reference to the relevant English Law Conditions to be included.  
15  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 122 ---
111 
 
 
(ii) 
Clean-up Call Amount: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 5(f) of the 
Notes] / [Condition [●]16 of the English Law Notes17] 
applies] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
18 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
(The clearing systems will require a notice period of at 
least 15 business days.) 
19 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100 per cent. of their nominal amount/[●]18 per 
Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
20 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons or on event of 
default: 
[[●] 
per 
[Calculation 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
other than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become void upon early 
redemption: 
[Yes/No] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
16  Appropriate reference to the relevant English Law Conditions to be included.  
17  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
18 
The amount to be inserted will either be the nominal amount or, if there are multiple denominations, 
the minimum denomination of such Calculation Amount

--- Page 123 ---
112 
 
21 
Form of Notes: 
[The following elections apply in respect of English Law 
Notes19:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on [●] (the 
"Exchange Date"), subject to postponement as provided 
in the Temporary Global Note for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [(i) at the 
request of the holder and (ii) otherwise] (If the Temporary 
Global Note is exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of 
the holder, the Definitive Notes shall only be issued in a 
single Specified Denomination equal to the Specified 
Denomination 
(or 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) 
provided in paragraph 6.) in the limited circumstances[, in 
each case,] specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice] (Only where Notes are issued in 
one Specified Denomination or integral multiples of such 
Specified Denomination.) 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [(i) at the request of the holder and (ii) otherwise] in 
the limited circumstances[, in each case,] specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[The following elections apply in respect of Notes:] 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] [Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and can only be issued 
outside France] 
[The following elections apply in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes: [Bearer form (au porteur) / [Registered form (au 
nominatif) 
[The following information is required in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes: [Insert name of Registration 
Agent]] 
[The following elections apply in respect of Materialised 
Notes: [Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]] 
22 
[New Global Note:] 
[Yes] [No] 
[In respect of English Law Notes20] 
(You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" 
if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the 
heading "Operational Information" entitled "Intended to 
 
19  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
20  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 124 ---
113 
 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility".) 
23 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraph 13(vi) relates] 
24 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] 
(Talons should be specified if there will be more than 27 
coupons or if the total interest payments may exceed the 
principal due on early redemption.) 
25 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
26 
[Masse (Condition 10 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes): 
Condition 10 applies.] (delete in the case of English Law 
Notes21) 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[Aether Financial Services 
36 rue du Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France]/[●] (specify name and address) 
 
[(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
of 
Representative: 
[EUR 400 per annum]/[●] 
27 
Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons] 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons 
and the Talons] will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, [English law22 / French law] 
28 
[Exclusion of the possibility to 
request identification information 
of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a)(i) of the Notes:] 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) of the Notes is contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
21  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
22     Only relevant for English Law Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
114 
 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).] The Issuer and the Guarantors 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE as Issuer: 
 
 
By: 
…......................................... 
Duly authorised 
Signed for acknowledgement on behalf of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. as Guarantor: 
 
By: 
............................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By: 
............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
115 
 
 
Signed on behalf of URW America Inc. as 
Guarantor: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Name: 
Title: 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of WEA Finance LLC as Guarantor: 
By:   Westfield America Limited Partnership, 
    a Delaware limited partnership, 
    its managing member 
 
    By:   Westfield U.S. Holdings, LLC, 
        a Delaware limited liability company, 
        its managing general partner 
 
        By:   ________________________ 
            Name: 
            Title: 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of WCL Finance Pty Limited as 
Guarantor by its attorney under power of attorney. 
By executing these Final Terms the attorney below 
certifies that it has not received notification of the 
revocation of such power of attorney: 
By:                 
Attorney 
Name:  
Title:  
  
Attest: 
  
                
Witness 
  
________________________________ 
Print Name 
 
 
Westfield America Management Pty Limited as trustee of 
WFD Trust as Guarantor, by its attorney under power of 
attorney. By executing these Final Terms, the attorney 
below certified that it has not received notification of the 
revocation of such power of attorney. 
 
 By:                 
Attorney 
Name:  
Title:  
  
Attest: 
 
                
Witness 
  
________________________________ 
Print Name

--- Page 127 ---
116 
 
Signed on behalf of Westfield Corporation Limited 
as Guarantor by its attorney under power of 
attorney. By executing these Final Terms the 
attorney below certifies that it has not received 
notification of the revocation of such power of 
attorney. 
By:                 
Attorney 
Name:  
Title:  
 
Attest: 
                
Witness 
  
________________________________ 
Print Name 
 
Westfield America Management Pty Limited as 
trustee of Westfield America Trust as Guarantor, 
by its attorney under power of attorney. By 
executing these Final Terms, the attorney below 
certified that it has not received notification of the 
revocation of such power of attorney. 
By:                 
Attorney 
Name:  
Title:  
  
 Attest: 
                
Witness 
  
________________________________ 
Print Name 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Westfield UK & Europe 
Finance plc as Guarantor: 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 128 ---
117 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
[Euronext Paris/the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify other 
relevant list] and admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify relevant other regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be listed and admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading: [●] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings:23 
[The Notes will not be rated.] 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated / 
[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.]24 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). As such [●] [is/are] included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and [has/have] not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
 
23  This disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, this rating. 
24  It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the 
specific legal entity which will issue the credit ratings, and (ii) the status of any application which has 
been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. It is recommended that these enquiries 
are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be determined.

--- Page 129 ---
118 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider. 
3 
NOTIFICATION 
[The Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg [has been requested to 
provide/has provided – include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of 
competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation].] / [Not Applicable.] 
4 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement:) 
[[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager[s]/Dealer,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Manager[s]/Dealer] 
and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests)] 
5 
NET PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds of the issue 
of the Notes: 
Approximately [●] 
6 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes are to be used [for general corporate purposes]/[to 
finance (through loans or equity) the construction and/or development of one or more Eligible 
Assets as further described in the URW Green Bond Framework (see section "Use of Proceeds" of 
the Base Prospectus)]/[other (please specify].] 
 
7 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●]]

--- Page 130 ---
119 
 
8 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF THE 
UNDERLYING AND ITS VOLATILITY 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR or any other reference rate] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].] 
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [date], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) [(the "Benchmarks Regulation")]. [As at [date], 
[●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial 
Conduct Authority’s register of administrators under Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.]][Not Applicable]  
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of 
distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Total commission 
and concession: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v) 
US Selling 
Restrictions 
(Categories of 
potential investors to 
which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
10 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] [until the Consolidation Date, [●] thereafter] 
Common Code: 
[●] [until the Consolidation Date, [●] thereafter] 
Other identification number: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 131 ---
120 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Euroclear France and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s),addresses and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 25 
[Yes][No] [Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "yes" selected in which case English Law 
Notes26 must be issued in NGN Form unless they are deposited 
with Euroclear France as central depositary] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
25     Relevant only for English Law Notes. 
26  Any references to English Law Notes are relevant only for those Notes which are to be consolidated 
with, and form part of, the same Series of English Law Notes issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
121 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made for approval of this Base Prospectus to the AMF in France in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code 
monetaire et financier. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and the Guarantors that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus, nor of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. Following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, this Base Prospectus must 
be completed by a supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. On 3 August 
2023, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of approval by the AMF of 
this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to the competent authority of any other Member 
State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in such Member State.  
2. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the update of the Programme, the issuance of Notes and the 
giving of the Guarantees (to the extent applicable). The update of the Programme, the issuance of 
Notes (which authorisation is valid for a period of 12 months) and the giving of the Guarantees has 
been authorised by:  
(a) 
in relation to the Issuer, each of the Supervisory Board of URW SE on 9 December 2021 
and the Management Board of URW SE on 9 December 2021; 
(b) 
in relation to URW NV as Guarantor, the Supervisory Board of URW NV on 9 December 
2021 and the Management Board of URW NV on 9 December 2021; 
(c) 
in relation to URW America as Guarantor, the board of directors of URW America on 12 
July 2022;  
(d) 
in relation to WEAF as Guarantor, the board of managers of the General Partner on 12 
July 2022;  
(e) 
in relation to WCLF as Guarantor, the Resolutions of the Directors of WCLF dated 22 
July 2022;  
(f) 
in relation to WAT as Guarantor, 12 July 2022;  
(g) 
in relation to WCL as Guarantor, the Resolutions of the Directors of WCL dated 22 July 
2022;  
(h) 
in relation to WFDT as Guarantor, 12 July 2022; and 
(i) 
in relation to WUKEF as Guarantor, the resolution of the board of directors on 25 July 
2019, the general meeting of the sole shareholder on 25 July 2019 and the directors' written 
resolutions of 12 July 2022.  
3. 
Save as disclosed in the URW SE 2021 Universal Registration Document in respect of URW SE, 
none of the Issuer or the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries is or has been involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which any of the Issuer or the Guarantors is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant 
effects, on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and/or URW.

--- Page 133 ---
122 
 
4. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of URW SE and URW NV since 31 December 2021 and no significant change in the 
financial performance or financial position of URW SE since 30 June 2022. 
5. 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
6. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear, Clearstream and Euroclear France 
systems. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or (where 
applicable) any other identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series 
of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) and accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear France. Materialised Notes may not be issued in France and may not be held in a clearing 
system located in France. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
and the address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. The address of 
any alternative clearing system and/or any other relevant code or identification number will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of URW SE is 
969500SHQITWXSIS7N89. 
7. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes 
on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
8. 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of URW (www.urw.com): 
(a) 
the latest constitutive documents of the Issuer and the Guarantors; 
(b) 
copies of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus); and  
(c) 
copies of any Final Terms (https://www.urw.com/fr-fr/investors/financing-activity/bond-
issues),  
and the following documents will be available for inspection: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the 
Coupons, Receipts and Talons in relation thereto); 
(b) 
the Issuer/ICSD Agreement for URW SE; and 
(c) 
the Deed of Guarantee. 
at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as Notes 
may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
9. 
The principal statutory auditors of URW SE are Ernst & Young Audit, 1/2 Place des Saisons, 
92400 Courbevoie, Paris La Défense 1, France, registered with the Versailles et du Centre régional 
office of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and Deloitte & Associés, 6, 
place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La-Défense, France, registered with the Versailles et du Centre 
régional office of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes. The principal 
statutory auditors have audited the consolidated annual financial statements of URW SE for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and have issued a limited review report on 
the interim condensed consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2022 of URW SE. The 
deputy auditors of URW SE are Auditex, registered with the Versailles et du Centre régional office 
of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes and Beas, registered with the 
Versailles et du Centre régional office of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes.

--- Page 134 ---
123 
 
 
10. 
The principal statutory auditor of URW NV for the financial years 2018 – 2021 was Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP, Euclideslaan 1, 3584 BL Utrecht, The Netherlands, of which the 
"registeraccountants" are members of the Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants ("The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants"). At the request of 
URW NV, the principal statutory auditor has audited the consolidated financial statements of URW 
NV for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. On 22 June 2022, Deloitte 
Accountants B.V., Wilhelminakade 1, 3072 AP Rotterdam, The Netherlands, of which the 
"registeraccountants" are members of The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants, 
was appointed the principal statutory auditor of URW NV for the financial year 2022. 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors and/or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or any of their respective affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and/or any of their respective affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
12. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") 
of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilising manager(s) in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but such action must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
13. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes (as described in "General 
Description of the Programme") may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, which 
are provided by (i) ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (with respect to EUR CMS), (ii) the 
European Money Markets Institute (in relation to EURIBOR), (iii) the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (in relation to SOFR) and (iv) the Bank of England (in relation to SONIA).  
14. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the 
European Money Markets Institute appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Bank of England do 
not currently fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not 
currently required to obtain, recognition, endorsement or equivalence.

--- Page 135 ---
124 
 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
15. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify whether the 
benchmark administrator appears on the register of administrator and benchmarks referred to above. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
16. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"€", "EURO", "Euro" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating Member States of 
the European Union, references to "U.S.$", "$" or "U.S. dollars" are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, references to "SEK" or "Swedish Krona" are to the legal 
currency of Sweden and references to "CNY", "Chinese Yuan", "RMB" or "Renminbi" are to the 
Chinese Yuan Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") with the 
exclusion of the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau.

--- Page 136 ---
125 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
To the best of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE's knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE 
accepts responsibility accordingly. 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE 
7 Place du Chancelier Adenauer 
CS 31622 
75772 Paris Cedex 16 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Mr. Fabrice Mouchel, Chief Financial Officer of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE 
on 3 August 2022 
 
To the best of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V.'s knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and Unibail-
Rodamco-Westfield N.V. accepts responsibility accordingly. 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD N.V.  
Schiphol Boulevard 315 Tower F, 7th Floor 
1118 BJ Schiphol (Haarlemmermeer) 
The Netherlands 
Duly represented by: 
Mr. Gerard L.W. Sieben, MB Member / CFO of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. 
on 3 August 2022 
 
To the best of URW America Inc.'s knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and URW America Inc. 
accepts responsibility accordingly. 
URW AMERICA INC. 
c/o The Corporation Trust Company 
Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington  
Delaware 19801  
United States of America  
 
Duly represented by:  
 
Ms. Aline Taireh, Secretary of URW America Inc. 
on 3 August 2022

--- Page 137 ---
126 
 
To the best of WEA Finance LLC's knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and WEA Finance LLC 
accepts responsibility accordingly. 
WEA FINANCE LLC 
c/o The Corporation Trust Company 
Corporation Trust Center  
1209 Orange Street Wilmington 
Delaware 19801 
United States of America 
 
Duly represented by: 
 
WEA Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
By: Westfield America Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, its managing member 
By: Westfield U.S. Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner 
By: Aline Taireh, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 on 3 August 2022 
 
To the best of Westfield UK & Europe Finance plc's knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and Westfield 
UK & Europe Finance plc accepts responsibility accordingly. 
WESTFIELD UK & EUROPE FINANCE PLC 
4th Floor, 1 Ariel Way 
London, W12 7SL 
United Kingdom 
 
Duly represented by: 
Jonathan Hodes, Director of Finance of Westfield UK & Europe Finance plc 
on 3 August 2022 
 
To the best of WCL Finance Pty Limited's knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and WCL Finance Pty Limited 
accepts responsibility accordingly. 
WCL FINANCE PTY LIMITED 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Duly represented by: 
Fabrice Mouchel, attorney for WCL Finance Pty Limited 
on 3 August 2022

--- Page 138 ---
127 
 
To the best of Westfield America Trust's knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and Westfield America Trust 
accepts responsibility accordingly. 
WESTFIELD AMERICA TRUST 
c/o Westfield America Management Pty Limited 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Duly represented by: 
Fabrice Mouchel, attorney for Westfield America Management Pty Limited as trustee of Westfield 
America Trust 
on 3 August 2022 
 
To the best of Westfield Corporation Limited's knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and Westfield 
Corporation Limited accepts responsibility accordingly. 
WESTFIELD CORPORATION LIMITED 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 Australia 
 
Duly represented by: 
Fabrice Mouchel, attorney for Westfield Corporation Limited 
on 3 August 2022 
 
To the best of WFD Trust's knowledge, in relation to itself only, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and WFD Trust accepts responsibility 
accordingly. 
WFD TRUST 
c/o Westfield America Management Pty Limited 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Duly represented by: 
Fabrice Mouchel, attorney for Westfield America Management Pty Limited as trustee of WFD Trust 
on 3 August 2022

--- Page 139 ---
128 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AMF has approved this Base 
Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and 
comprehensible within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
This approval should not be considered to be a favourable opinion on the Issuer or the Guarantors and 
on the quality of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 3 August 2022 and is valid until 3 August 2023 and it shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors 
or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus has been assigned the following approval number: 22-335.

--- Page 140 ---
129 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD SE 
7 Place du Chancelier Adenauer 
CS 31622 
75772 Paris Cedex 16 
France 
UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD N.V.  
Schiphol Boulevard 315 Tower F, 7th Floor 
1118 BJ Schiphol (Haarlemmermeer) 
The Netherlands  
URW AMERICA INC. 
c/o The Corporation Trust Company 
Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington 
Delaware 19801 
United States of America  
WEA FINANCE LLC 
c/o The Corporation Trust Company 
Corporation Trust Center  
1209 Orange Street 
 Wilmington 
Delaware 19801 
United States of America 
WCL FINANCE PTY LIMITED 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip 
Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia  
 
WESTFIELD AMERICA TRUST 
c/o Westfield America Management Pty Limited 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip 
Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
 
WESTFIELD CORPORATION LIMITED 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip 
Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 Australia  
WFD TRUST 
c/o Westfield America Management Pty Limited 
'Deutsche Bank Place', Level 4 126-130 Phillip 
Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
WESTFIELD UK & EUROPE FINANCE 
PLC 
4th Floor, Ariel Way 
London W12 7SL 
United Kingdom  
 
ARRANGER 
BofA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 141 ---
130 
 
BofA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
HSBC CONTINENTAL EUROPE 
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING BANK N.V., BELGIAN BRANCH 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
MORGAN STANLEY EUROPE SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NATWEST MARKETS N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France  
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT IN 
RESPECT OF THE NOTES (OTHER THAN ENGLISH LAW NOTES) 
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES SERVICES 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère  
93500 Pantin 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT IN 
RESPECT OF ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES SERVICES, LUXEMBOURG BRANCH 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES SERVICES, LUXEMBOURG BRANCH 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
To Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE 
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La-Défense 
France 
ERNST & YOUNG AUDIT 
1/2 Place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris La Défense 1 
France

--- Page 142 ---
131 
 
To Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield N.V. 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2021 
ERNST & YOUNG ACCOUNTANTS LLP 
Euclideslaan 1 
3584 BL Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
for the financial year  
ending 31 December 2022  
DELOITTE ACCOUNTANTS B.V. 
Wilhelminakade 1 
2072 AP Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To URW 
as to English and French law 
To URW 
as to Dutch law 
CLIFFORD CHANCE EUROPE LLP 
1 Rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
NAUTADUTILH NV 
Beethovenstraat 400 
1082 PR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To URW 
as to Australian law 
ALLENS  
Level 28, Deutsche Bank Place 
126 Phillip Street 
(Corner Hunter & Phillip Streets) 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
To URW 
as to the laws of the state of Delaware 
To the Arranger and Dealers 
as to English and French law 
RICHARDS, LAYTON & FINGER, P.A.  
920 N King St, Wilmington, 
DE 19801 
United States of America 
WHITE & CASE LLP  
19 place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France