--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) under the laws of Spain) 
EUR 3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
This Base Prospectus of Unicaja Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer”, the “Bank” or “Unicaja Banco”), a public limited company (sociedad 
anómima), has been approved by the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the 
“CNMV”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (the “Notes”) 
issued under the Euro Medium Term Note of Unicaja Banco (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus during the period of 
12 months after the date hereof. The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the “Group”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with, and including the information required by Annexes 7 and 15 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019. The CNMV has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months 
from the date of approval. Application may be made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market 
(AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija) (“AIAF”). AIAF is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers. No unlisted Notes may be issued under the Programme.  
The Notes under this Programme will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will be 
registered with Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal 
(“Iberclear”) as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish settlement system (the “Spanish Central Registry”). 
Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of the Notes. Settlement relating to the Notes, as well as payment of interest 
and redemption of principal amounts, will be performed within Iberclear’s book-entry system. 
Under this Programme, Unicaja Banco may from time to time issue Notes governed by Spanish law.  
Each tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as 
supplemented by a document specific to such tranche called final terms (the “Final Terms”). The Final Terms of each tranche of Notes 
(a “Tranche”) will state whether such Notes are (a) Senior Notes or (b) Subordinated Notes; and, if Senior Notes, whether such Senior 
Notes are (i) Ordinary Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Subordinated Notes 
are (i) Senior Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information applicable to each issue of the Notes will 
also be set out in the Final Terms. The Final Terms of each Tranche will also state whether the relevant Notes are to be: (i) Fixed Rate 
Notes, (ii) Floating Rate Notes, (iii) Reset Notes, (iv) Fixed to Floating Notes, (v) Floating to Fixed Notes, (vi) Fixed to Reset Notes, or 
(vii) Zero Coupon Notes.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated by any one or more rating agencies. Where a Tranche is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche will, among others, be issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
“CRA Regulation”), will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Note and the extent of their exposure to risks 
and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial 
condition. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of 
the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
Product Governance under MiFID II – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any of its affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor any of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. The 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document (KID) required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document (KID) required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In addition, in the UK, this Base Prospectus may be distributed to, and directed at, persons (i) who qualify as “investment professionals” 
within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
“Order”); (ii) high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and other bodies within the categories described in Article 49(2) 
of the Order; and (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together, relevant persons). 
Therefore, this Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied upon (i) in any member state of the EEA (a “Member State”), by persons 
who are retail investors, and (ii) in the UK, by persons who are retail investors or are not relevant persons. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United State. The Notes may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prospective investors are referred to the section headed “Subscription and Sale” on pages 167 to 170 of this Base Prospectus for 
further information. 
For the purpose of Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms issued under the Programme will 
be published on the Issuer’s website (https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/programas-de-emision). 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained in that website or in any websites mentioned 
throughout this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the CNMV. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 26 May 2022. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period.  
Arranger 
BBVA 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 26 May 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer has confirmed to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (the “Arranger”) that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the 
Notes) material with respect to the Issuer, the Group and the Notes; that such information is true and accurate 
in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions 
or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading 
in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain such facts and to verify the 
accuracy of the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or 
any information supplied by the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger. 
The Arranger has not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, neither the 
Arranger nor any of its affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of 
them makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than Arranger) in connection 
with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger shall not be responsible 
for, or for investigating, any matter which is the subject of, any statement, representation, warranty or covenant 
of Unicaja Banco or the Group contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other agreement or document relating 
to the Notes, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof. 
Notes issued as Green Notes 
Prospective investors in any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Final Terms are 
stated to be for “green” purposes as described therein (the “Green Notes”) should have regard to the information 
in the ”Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of those Green Notes, should have regard to the factors described in the Green 
Bond Framework (as defined in the risk factor entitled “Notes issued as “Green Notes”, as described in “Use 
of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria” and “Use 
of Proceeds”), must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary and must 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the 
Green Notes before deciding to invest. For more information see – “Notes issued as “Green Notes”, as

--- Page 5 ---
5 
described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment 
criteria” and “Use of Proceeds”. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of its affiliates accept any responsibility for any environmental assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Notes or make any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet 
any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green” or similar label. Neither the Arranger nor any 
of its affiliates are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Green Notes, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Arranger as to the suitability or reliability 
of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or 
any affiliate) made available in connection with an issue of Green Notes, nor is any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification a recommendation by the Arranger to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any 
such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or other equivalently-
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Arranger that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Green Notes is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuer and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions applicable to the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or to the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes; some 
of which are described under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED 
BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”), ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR 
ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY 
OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Notes will qualify as MREL (as defined in “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing 
Powers — MREL Requirements”) eligible liabilities instruments if the conditions set out in article 72b of CRR 
I (as defined below) and in article 45b of BRRD (as defined below) are met. No specific statement to the 
qualification of the Notes as MREL eligible liabilities instruments by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus or in 
the relevant Final Terms is required for their qualification as such. Since Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA, Additional Provision Four of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se

--- Page 6 ---
6 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the “Spanish Securities Market Law”) should 
not apply to the marketing or placement of the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Benchmarks 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend 
to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Rounding and currency 
References to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. References to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
The Notes are complex instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with its financial and other 
professional advisers) to evaluate how the relevant Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of the relevant Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (a) the relevant Notes are legal investments for it; (b) the relevant Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of the 
relevant Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of the relevant under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, 
“plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial

--- Page 7 ---
7 
position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of 
the Issuer and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause 
our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements include, among other factors described in this Base Prospectus: (i) the Issuer’s ability to integrate 
our newly-acquired operations and any future expansion of its business; (ii) the Issuer’s ability to realise the 
benefits it expects from existing and future investments in its existing operations and pending expansion and 
development projects; (iii) the Issuer’s ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to 
undertake planned or proposed investments; (iv) the Issuer’s ability to maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future operations; (v) changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in 
which the Issuer and its customers operate; (vi) changes in the competitive environment in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and (vii) failure to comply with regulations applicable to the business of the Issuer. Many 
of these factors may be more likely to occur, or more pronounced, as a result of catastrophic events, including 
weather-related catastrophic events, pandemics events or terrorist-related incidents. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should, however, consult any additional 
disclosures that the Issuer has made or may make in documents the Issuer has filed or may file with the CNMV. 
INFORMATION ON THE MERGER WITH LIBERBANK  
The merger of Liberbank, S.A. (“Liberbank”) (absorbed company) into Unicaja (absorbing company) became 
effective on 30 July 2021 (the “Merger”). Please see “Description of the Issuer – History and Development – 
Recent developments – Merger by absorption of Liberbank by Unicaja Banco” for more information. 
Although descriptions contained in this Base Prospectus are those of Unicaja Banco and its Group after the 
Merger, quantitative information for the 2020 fiscal year in this Base Prospectus (including historical 
consolidated financial information and information on the regulatory own funds and eligible liabilities position 
for such periods) refers to Unicaja Banco and/or Liberbank (and their respective groups) as separate entities 
and/or groups and, therefore, that information may not reflect what the business, financial condition, results of 
operations, cash flows or regulatory own funds and eligible liabilities position and requirements of the Group 
resulting from the Merger would have been had the Merger been effective during those periods. 
The financial information on the Group resulting from the Merger is included in the 2021 Annual Accounts as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2021. Given that the Merger was materialised on 31 July 2021 for 
accounting purposes (i) the financial information of the Bank and/or the Group as of 31 December 2020 does 
not contain any financial information regarding Liberbank; (ii) the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as 
of 31 December 2021 includes Liberbank’s assets and liabilities and the results generated by Liberbank from 
August to December 2021 and therefore they are not comparable with the consolidated balance sheet of the 
Group as of 31 December 2020 and the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020; and (iii) the 
consolidated income statement of the Group for year ended 31 December 2021 includes the results generated 
by Liberbank from August to December 2021 and therefore it is not comparable with the consolidated income 
statement of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020. In addition, no information on the own funds and 
eligible liabilities requirements (MREL requirement) for the Group resulting from the Merger is available.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Consequently, it may be difficult to evaluate the current business of Unicaja Banco and its Group and predict 
its future performance on the basis of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 4 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................... 9 
OVERVIEW ......................................................................................................................................................10 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................43 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................93 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................107 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................108 
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING POWERS .........147 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................157 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................167 
MARKET INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................171 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................173 
SIGNATURES ................................................................................................................................................176

--- Page 10 ---
10 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche, the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a 
new Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
LEI Code: 
5493007SJLLCTM6J6M37 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group” below. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Notes” and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Paying Agency: 
For Notes listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions will be 
carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear. 
Clearing Systems: 
Iberclear. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,500,000,000 in aggregate original nominal amount of all Notes 
outstanding at any time. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed by 
way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta) and will be registered with Iberclear. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Rate Notes will bear interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of 
Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset Notes

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) 
and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined either  
(i) 
in accordance with “Screen Rate Determination” (see 
Condition 7(c) (Floating Rate Note Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Conditions of the Notes); or 
(ii) 
in accordance with “ISDA Determination” (see Condition 
7(d) (Floating Rate Note Provisions -ISDA Determination) 
of the Conditions of the Notes). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to, or at 100% 
of, their principal amount. Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest and 
an investor will not receive any return on the Notes until redemption. 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Conditions of the 
Notes and without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Holders, determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread.  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
9 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
(following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser) may 
vary the Conditions of the Notes if necessary to follow market practice 
in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread.  
 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than following 
an event of default or a Tax Event or, if indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, following a MREL Disqualification Event and, in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, following a Capital Event, if 
indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Holders upon 
giving notice to the Holders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, if so specified in the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the relevant Notes at any 
time if the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes is equal or less 
of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may 
only take place after five years from their date of issuance or any different 
minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms may be redeemed 
pursuant to a MREL Disqualification Event only after five years from 
their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations). 
In accordance with Article 63.(i) of CRR I (as defined in the Conditions 
of the Notes), redemption of the Notes at the option of the Holders shall 
not be applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Redemption following a Tax Event in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes or Notes that qualify as Eligible Liabilities, or redemption 
following a Capital Event or a MREL Disqualification Event, will be 
subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. See Condition 10(l) 
(Redemption and Purchase -Conditions to Redemption and Purchase) of 
the Conditions of the Notes. 
Substitution and Variation 
If indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a Tax Event, 
a MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes. See 
Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances or exceptions 
(please refer to Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Conditions of the Notes) 
be required to pay such additional amounts in respect of interest and any 
other amounts (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of 
principal or any premium) (except in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, 
where additional amounts will be paid in respect of the payment of any

--- Page 13 ---
13 
interest and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, principal (and/or 
premium, if any)), as will result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts 
as would have otherwise been receivable by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer if subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) of the 
Conditions of the Notes; and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code and any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
Status: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case 
of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank as more fully described in 
Condition 4 (Status) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Governing Law:  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común española). 
Rating:  
The Issuer’s long term ratings as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 
“Baa3” (Stable) by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and “BBB” 
(Stable) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing:  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application may be made for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, European or non-
European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or 
any other organised markets) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
dealers in relation to the Series. No unlisted Notes may be issued under 
the Programme. 
The relevant Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. . 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Notes in the EEA, 
Spain, the UK, the United States and the Republic of Italy, and other such

--- Page 14 ---
14 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions:  
Regulation S.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus includes the instructions and 
recommendations received, when appropriate, from the prudential supervisory authorities (i.e. European 
Central Bank and Bank of Spain) and that may have an impact on the financial statements and risks described 
hereinafter. 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer 
(and the Group) and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below.  
Only risks which are specific and material to the Issuer and to the Notes are included herein as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the Group that are not 
currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial or that apply generally to the banking 
industry for which reason have not been included herein (such as reputational risk), may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the Issuer or the Group and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal 
circumstances. Risks that apply generally to securities with the characteristics of the Notes (for instance, risks 
related to modifications of the Notes approved by a meeting of Holders of the Notes, risks related to the absence 
of limitations on the amount or type of further securities or indebtedness which the Bank may incur or risks 
related to fluctuations in market interest rates) and that apply generally to negotiable securities such as those 
related to the secondary market in general (for instance, illiquidity or price fluctuations) have not been included 
herein. However, such additional risks may affect the value and liquidity of the Notes.  
Given that the Merger was materialised on 31 July 2021 for accounting purposes (i) the financial information 
of the Bank and/or the Group as of 31 December 2020 does not contain any financial information regarding 
Liberbank; (ii) the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as of 31 December 2021 includes Liberbank’s assets 
and liabilities and the results generated by Liberbank from August to December 2021 and therefore it is not 
comparable with the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as of 31 December 2020 and the results of the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2020; and (iii) the consolidated income statement of the Group for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 includes the results generated by Liberbank from August to December 2021 and 
therefore it is not comparable with the consolidated income statement of the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Business and financial risks 
The Group’s business is significantly affected by the credit risk of its customers and counterparties and 
is particularly exposed to the creditworthiness of individuals, families and small and medium 
enterprises (“SMEs”). 
The Group is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. Credit risk is defined as 
potential losses in respect of the full or partial breach of the debt repayment obligations of customers or 
counterparties (including, but not limited to, the insolvency of a counterparty or debtor), and also includes the 
value loss as a consequence of the credit quality of customers or counterparties. This risk is particularly

--- Page 16 ---
16 
significant in adverse market situations such as those prevailing today, principally due to the current 
macroeconomic situation affected, amongst other, by the political tensions derived from the conflict between 
the Russian Federation and Ukraine and the lasting economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (see – “The 
Group’s business primarily depends on the Spanish economy and therefore, any adverse changes to this or any 
adverse situation could have a negative impact on the Group”).  
As of 31 December 2021, credits to customers and fixed income debt securities1 represented 48.6% and 22.2% 
respectively, of the total assets of the Group (42.2% and 35.9%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020). 
Although in some cases compliance with the referred contractual obligations is secured, collateral and security 
provided to the Group may be insufficient.  
In addition, the Group’s loan portfolio primarily consists of mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail 
customers2 (representing 63.3% and 64.2% of the total performing loan book as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, respectively) and loans to SMEs (representing 13% and 13.5% of the total performing loan 
book as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, and including the self-employed). 
Households and SMEs with a high level of debt are more likely to have difficulties in complying with their debt 
obligations due to unfavorable economic circumstances than other types of clients; therefore, the high 
concentration in this type of clients could have a negative impact on the income from interest of the Group. 
Furthermore, the high level of debt of households and SMEs also limits their capacity to incur any further debt, 
which could negatively affect the Group’s business activities.  
In general, the Group’s ability to mitigate credit risk depends in large part on its ability to assess the credit 
worthiness of its counterparties. However, the availability of precise, complete financial information as well as 
general credit information on which to base decisions related to credit is more limited with regard to SMEs than 
it is for large corporates and is even more limited in the case of households and may lead to errors on the precise 
assessment of the credit risk. 
Non-performing or low credit quality loans could negatively impact the Group’s results of operations. As of 31 
December 2021, the non-performing loans (“NPLs”) amounted to €1,980.4 million (€1,181 million as of 31 
December 2020), the Group’s NPL ratio3 was 3.5% (4.2% as of 31 December 2020) and the Group’s NPL 
coverage ratio4 was 68.5% (67.4% as of 31 December 2020). In addition, the Group had €1,409.9 million of 
refinanced and restructured gross loans (of which 57.9% corresponded to NPLs) as of 31 December 2021 
(€1,223 million (of which 52.8% corresponded to NPLs) as of 31 December 2020).  
With regard to Liberbank, as of 31 December 2020, the NPLs amounted to €805 million, its NPL ratio was 
2.9% and its NPL coverage ratio was 56.1%. In addition, Liberbank had €367.8 million of refinanced and 
restructured gross loans5 (of which 70% corresponded to NPLs) as of 31 December 2020. 
If the Group was unable to control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans, this could 
adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations since the assets do not generate income 
but drain resources related to the recovery process in addition to the explicit costs that might be materialized 
through the constitution of provisions and other impairments.  
 
1 
Fixed income debt securities is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
2 
Mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail customers is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures”. 
3 
NPL ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
4 
NPL coverage ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
5 
Refinance and restructured gross loans is an APM for Liberbank. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
The Group is subject to significant exposure to real estate 
The Group is exposed to the Spanish real estate market both directly (through the real estate assets that it owns) 
and indirectly (given that real estate assets secure many of its outstanding loans).  
As of 31 December 2021, the gross carrying amount of foreclosed real estate assets amounted to €2,208.4 
million, which in net terms (€823.9 million) represented 0.7% of total assets (€1,091 million as of 31 December 
2020, which in net terms (€405 million) represented 0.6% of total assets) and the foreclosed assets coverage 
ratio6 stood at 62.7% (62.9% as of 31 December 2020). Additionally, as of 31 December 2021, the gross loans 
to real estate developers amounted to €956.8 million, which in net terms (€868.7 million) represented 0.7% of 
total assets (€816.8 million as of 31 December 2020, which in net terms (€770.2 million) represented 1.2% of 
total assets). As of 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of mortgage loans granted to its customers for 
households to buy housing totaled to €31,021.6 million, which represented 26.8% of total assets (€14,773.2 
million as of 31 December 2020, which represented 22.5% of total assets).   
With regard to Liberbank, as of 31 December 2020, the gross carrying amount of foreclosed real estate assets 
amounted to €1,333.6 million, which in net terms (€672.8 million) represented 1.4% of Liberbank’s total assets 
and the foreclosed assets coverage ratio stood at 49.5%. Additionally, as of 30 June 2021, the gross loans to real 
estate developers amounted to €342.37 million, which in net terms (€311.5 million) represented 0.7% of 
Liberbank’s total assets (€336.9 million as of 31 December 2020, which in net terms (€312.4 million) 
represented 0.7% of total assets). As of 30 June 2021, the carrying amount of mortgage loans granted to its 
customers for households to buy housing totaled to €15,873.78 million, which represented 34% of Liberbank’s 
total assets (€15,088.1 million as of 31 December 2020, which represented 31.8% of total assets). 
While in recent years the demand for housing and related real estate loans has increased again, it is expected 
that the current macroeconomic situation will have a material negative impact on the property market as 
economic and socioeconomic uncertainties and agents’ perceptions of stagnating or weakening economic 
conditions could cause the demand for real estate properties to decline. Any decreases in property prices in 
Spain would reduce the value of the portfolio of real-estate assets owned by the Group and underlying collateral 
securing its mortgage loans and other property loans. In the event of defaults, this would therefore increase the 
expected losses of the Group. All of the aforementioned could materially and negatively affect the Group’s 
banking, capital and funding activities and have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
The Group’s business is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates 
The Group’s business is inherently subject to interest rate risk and any failure to manage changes in interest rate 
levels, yield curves and spreads may affect its business due to (i) the reduction of the spread between the average 
yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, (ii) the repricing value of the 
assets and liabilities of the Group and (iii) lower profitability. The results of the Group’s banking operations are 
affected by the management of interest rate risk, by which the Group manages the relationship between changes 
in market interest rates on the Group’s assets and liabilities and changes in the Group current and future cash 
flows and net interest income as a result therefrom. 
 
6 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance 
Measures”.  
7 
This metric has been obtained from the Liberbank’s accounting records as of 30 June 2021, and is determined in the same manner as the 
corresponding metric as of 31 December 2020 included in Note 3.2.9 of Liberbank’s consolidated annual accounts for its inclusion in this 
Base Prospectus for comparison purposes.   
8 
This metric has been obtained from the Liberbank’s accounting records as of 30 June 2021, and is determined in the same manner as the 
corresponding metric as of 31 December 2020 included in Note 10 of Liberbank’s consolidated annual accounts for its inclusion in this Base 
Prospectus for comparison purposes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
A rise or decline in interest rates would cause a progressive repricing of the Group’s variable rate assets9 
(€69,279 million have floating or variable rates, or will reprice immediately, as of 31 December 2021, 
representing 60% of the Group’s total assets, and €36,049 million as of 31 December 2020, representing 55% 
of the Group’s total assets) and liabilities10 (€42,139 million have floating or variable rates, or will reprice 
immediately, as of 31 December 2021, representing 36% of the Group’s total assets, and €30,806 million as of 
31 December 2020, representing 47% of the Group’s total assets).  
In this regard, as of 31 December 2021, and under the assumptions of constant balance and following the 
modelling of non-maturity deposits recommended by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), the Group 
estimates that a parallel and instantaneous increase of 100 basis points in interest rate curves would have had a 
positive impact of 20% on the Group’s net interest income once the balance sheet is fully repriced. Conversely, 
the scenario of a parallel and instantaneous decrease of 100 basis points in interest rate curves would have had 
a negative impact of 19% on the Group’s net interest income once the balance sheet is fully repriced (which 
would happen in the second financial year).  
If the yield on the Group’s interest-earning assets does not increase at the same time or to the same extent as 
the Group’s cost of funds, or if the Group’s cost of funds does not decline at the same time or to the same extent 
as the decrease in yield on the Group’s interest-earning assets, the Group’s market value, current and future 
cash flows and net interest income may be materially and adversely affected. Even though changes in absolute 
interest rate levels are difficult to predict and are influenced by numerous factors beyond the Group’s control 
(i.e., the financial sector regulation in the markets in which the Group operates, the monetary policies developed 
by the ECB and other central banks and the Spanish and international political and economic climate), if the 
current period of flatter and negative interest rate yield curves persists it could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s net interest income given the current low yields of the Group’s loan and its debt securities 
portfolios.  
A low interest rate environment, puts pressure on the Group’s margins, and a continued low rates environment 
could materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. Although the Group seeks to manage its banking book with interest rate risk hedging 
instruments or by promoting different financial products and strategies, mismatches in funding costs and interest 
income may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business.  
On the other hand, a stronger than expected rise in interest rates could be very damaging to the Group’s business 
through an increase in loan impairment charges as well as by significantly increasing defaults on customers’ 
loans if borrowers cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment or if they are unable to meet their 
greater interest expense obligations. As of the date of this Base Prospectus , the market expects the twelve-
month EURIBOR to reach an average level of 0.95% during the second semester of 2022 (Source: Bloomberg). 
On the other hand, in view of the current macroeconomic scenario and the ECB’s announcement regarding the 
increase in interest rates during the year 2022, the market expects three to four 0.25% interest rate increases in 
the ECB’s marginal deposit facility during the year 2022 (Source: Bloomberg).  
The Group faces risks relating to disruptions, dislocations, structural challenges and volatility in 
financial markets and is exposed to counterparty risk with the Spanish and foreign governments 
The business of the Group is exposed to market risk, which concerns the potential losses deriving from a change 
in value of the positions in the portfolios of assets held for trading and available for sale because of adverse 
 
9 
 Both variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities are APMs. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”. 
10  Both variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities are APMs. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
fluctuations in or volatility of market prices. These changes would sometimes be defined by the primary factors 
thereof, such as credit and interest-rate risks for the price of fixed-income instruments. In the case of options, 
there are several risk factors to be taken into consideration with volatility being a key one. 
In particular, the business of the Group will be exposed to the risk of fluctuations in market price; the fair value 
of equities could therefore fall as a result of changes in share prices or indexes. Price risk affects positions 
classified as financial assets and liabilities held for trading, non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss, financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income. A 1% decrease in the market price would lead to a total impact on 
the Group’s equity of €1.3 million as of 31 December 2021 (net of the corresponding tax effect). 
Financial markets (in particular equity, debt and oil and other commodities markets) can experience sometimes 
sustained periods of unpredictable movements, severe dislocations, liquidity disruptions and economic shocks, 
some or all of which may not be linked to changes in the broader economic situation. The Group’s wholesale 
funds (markets)11 amounted to €12,222 million, or 10.6% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2021 
(€7,121 million or 10.8% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2020). With regard to Liberbank, the 
wholesale funds (markets) amounted to €3,988.1 million, or 8.4% of Liberbank’s total assets as of 31 December 
2020. Any unpredictable or extreme market conditions could lead to volatility in the Group’s profitability and 
solvency and in the carrying amount of certain assets in the Group’s balance sheet, caused by price changes and 
changes in the demand for some of the Group’s banking services and products. This could result in, among 
other things, a delay in raising funding or capital, the issuance of capital and funding of different types or under 
different terms than otherwise would have been issued or realized, or the incurrence of additional or increased 
funding and capital costs compared to the costs borne in a more stable market environment. Furthermore, the 
Group’s hedging and other risk management strategies, such as balance sheet steering and interest rate 
management, may not be as effective at mitigating risks as such strategies would be under more stable market 
conditions.  
Financial markets are susceptible to severe events characterized by rapid depreciation in asset values 
accompanied by a reduction in liquidity. Under such conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to 
the market behavior of other market participants simultaneously unwinding or adjusting positions, which may 
even further exacerbate rapid decreases in values of some of the Group’s assets or collateral held in the Group’s 
favor and which could cause liquidity tensions and disruptions.  
There can be no assurance that market volatility will not result in a prolonged market decline, or that market 
declines for other reasons will not occur in the future. Market decline could lead to the Group suffering 
significant losses, especially if the slump were to persist for an extended period of time. Therefore, market 
volatility, liquidity disruptions, or market dislocations could materially and adversely affect the Group’s 
banking, capital and funding activities and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, 
business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the states issuing the debt securities acquired by the Group could adversely 
affect the value of the respective securities held by Unicaja Banco in its various portfolios. Any decline in the 
credit ratings of Spanish public debt would also likely increase the cost of financing this public debt, which 
could result in increased taxation or lower government spending and, consequently, could have an adverse effect 
on Spanish economic conditions and lead to an increase in sovereign default risk. As of 31 December 2021, the 
exposure of the Group to sovereign risk12 amounted to €23,311.6 million, representing 20.2% of the total assets 
(€18,997.3 million, representing 29% of the total assets, as of 31 December 2020), where Spanish sovereign 
 
11 Wholesale funds (markets) is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
12 Sovereign risk is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
exposure represented 63.1% of that exposure (55.2% as of 31 December 2020), Italian sovereign exposure 
represented 33.2% (42.8% as of 31 December 2020) and Portuguese sovereign exposure represented 0.9% 
(1.6% as of 31 December 2020), while the remaining 2.8% of sovereign exposure corresponded to Andorra and 
the United States (0.4% as of 31 December 2020). With regard to Liberbank, as of 31 December 2020, its 
sovereign risk amounted to €14,589.113 million, representing 30.7% of its total assets, where Spanish sovereign 
exposure represented 76.1% of that exposure, Italian sovereign exposure represented 22.2% and Portuguese 
sovereign exposure represented 1.7%. 
A downgrade of the Group’s public debt portfolio could also adversely affect the extent to which it can use 
these securities as collateral for European Central Bank (“ECB”) refinancing and, indirectly, for refinancing 
with other securities.  
Consequently, if any of the governments and related public entities to which the Group has exposure fails to 
comply with its obligations under debt or other obligations or suffer any credit rating downgrade or significant 
increase in the yield on its debt, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Funding and liquidity risks are inherent in the Group’s operations 
Liquidity risk entails uncertainties relating to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover its obligations to customers, meet its liabilities as they come due or at bearable cost for the 
Bank and satisfy capital requirements. It includes the risk of mismanagement of the Group’s liquidity position 
which can negatively result in unexpected increases in the cost of funding, the risk of misaligned maturities 
between assets and liabilities, as well as the risk of inability to meet the Group’s payment obligations on time 
at a reasonable price due to liquidity pressures. The Group is subject to the risk that it cannot meet the Group’s 
payments and collateral obligations when due without significant losses or at all. The Group is also subject to 
the risk of not being able to meet expected or unexpected current or future cash outflows or collateral needs 
without affecting either daily operations or the Group’s financial condition.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s financing structure in terms of total liabilities and equity consists of 56% 
of retail funding14 (€64,711 million) (58.1% or €38,062 million as of 31 December 2020), 8% of deposits of 
public administrations (€9,259 million) (5% or €3,265 million as of 31 December 2020), 10.6% of wholesale 
funds (markets) (€12,222 million) (10.9% or €7,121 million as of 31 December 2020), 8.9% of central banks 
funding (€10,291.7 million) (7.6% or €4,998 million as of 31 December 2020), 5.8% of deposits and repos from 
credit institutions (€6,665 million) (5.8% or €3,805 million as of 31 December 2020), 5.3% of other liabilities15 
(€6,075.3 million) (6.5% or €4,287 million as of 31 December 2020) and 5.5% of equity (€6,326 million) (6.1% 
or €4,005 million as of 31 December 2020). 
As of 31 December 2020, Liberbank’s financing structure consisted of 51.5% of retail deposits16 (€24,486.5 
million), 4.9% of deposits of public administrations (€2,309.8 million), 8.4% of wholesale funds (markets)17 
(€3,988.1 million), 9.4% of central banks funding (€4,464.3 million), 13.8% of deposits and repos from credit 
 
13 As compared to Unicaja’s sovereign risk, this amount includes sovereign risk (i) held through financial derivatives and (ii) guaranteed by the 
ECB 
14 Retail funding is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
15 Other liabilities is an APM for Liberbank. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
16  Retail deposits is an APM for Liberbank. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”. 
17  Wholesale funds (markets) is an APM for Liberbank. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance 
Measures”.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
institutions18 (€6,532.7 million), 5% of other liabilities19 (€2,375.8 million) and 7.1% of equity (€3,352.8 
million). 
With regard to funding risk, the Group relies on customer deposits from retail, private and corporate banking 
customers to meet the majority of its funding needs. As of 31 December 2021, the total amount of customer 
deposits (non-market) excluding valuation adjustments20 amounted to €73,969 million, or 64% of the Group’s 
total assets as of such date (€41,327 million or 63% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2020). In the 
case of Liberbank, the total amount of customer deposits (non-market) excluding valuation adjustments 
amounted to €27,309.3 million, or 57.5% of its total assets as of 31 December 2020. Such deposits may be 
subject to fluctuation as a result of several factors, some of which are outside the Group’s control. The short-
term nature of part of this source of financing could cause liquidity problems in the future if deposits do not 
reach the expected volumes or are not renewed. If a significant number of depositors withdraw their deposits 
or do not reinvest after their termination, the Group’s liquidity could suffer. 
Wholesale funds (markets) amounted to €12,222 million, or 10.6% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 
2021 (€7,121 million or 10.9% of the Group’s total assets, and €3,988.1 million or 8.4% of Liberbank’s total 
assets as of 31 December 2020). In the event that wholesale markets funding were to be no longer available or 
too expensive, or if the ECB decides to normalize monetary policy, the Group could be forced to raise interest 
rates paid on deposits to attract more customers and/or sell assets, possibly at reduced prices. The persistence 
or worsening of adverse market conditions or the rising of interest rates could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s ability to access liquidity and negatively impact upon its financing costs (either directly or 
indirectly). In this regard, the Group’s financing capacity depends largely on the credit rating of Spain, which 
acts as a “roof” on the credit rating of Spanish companies. A potential downgrade in the credit rating of Spain 
could negatively affect the way financial institutions (including the Group) fund their balance sheets, increasing 
their effective cost and worsening their financial results. Furthermore, any downgrade in the credit rating of 
Spain may increase the risk of a downgrade of the Group’s credit ratings by the rating agencies. 
In addition, most of the Group’s long-term funding has been formalized through mortgage covered bonds, and 
the Group maintains a relevant covered bonds issuance legal capacity. As of 31 December 2021, the outstanding 
amount of mortgage covered bonds was €4,934.1 million (€3,433.9 million as of 31 December 2020) and the 
Group had an issuance legal capacity of €15,107 million (€8,644.6 million as of 31 December 2020) (calculated 
in accordance with applicable regulations which, as of 31 December 2021, was Law 2/1981, regulating the 
mortgage market (Ley 2/1981 de regulación del mercado hipotecario)). Moreover, as of 31 December 2021, 
the total outstanding amount of mortgage covered bonds that are expected to mature before 31 December 2023 
amounted to €912 million, representing 18.5% of the total outstanding amount of mortgage covered bonds. In 
relation to Liberbank, as of 31 December 2020, the outstanding amount of mortgage covered bonds was €7,093 
million and Liberbank had an issuance capacity of €4,683.1 million. A potential reduction of the portfolio 
eligible to be used to cover bonds due to the outcome of future internal reviews or changes to the Spanish or 
EU covered bonds regulation could potentially reduce the Group’s eligible portfolio and covered bond issuance 
capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows. 
 
18 Deposits and repos from credit institutions is an APM for Liberbank. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”. 
19 Other liabilities is an APM for Liberbank. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”. 
20 Customer deposits (non-market) excluding valuation adjustments is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Although as of 31 December 2021, the Group’s LTD ratio21 was 75% (65.2% as of 31 December 2020) and the 
Group’s liquidity coverage (“LCR”) and net stable funding (“NSFR”) ratios were in excess of the Group’s 
regulatory requirements of 100% for both ratios (307% and 142% as of 31 December 2021, respectively, and 
310% and 142% as of 31 December 2020, respectively), there can be no assurance that this will be the case in 
the future. With regard to Liberbank, its LTD ratio was 100.8%, while its LCR and NSFR ratios were 222.2% 
and 118.4%, respectively, as of 31 December 2020. 
In light of all of the aforesaid, in the present economic climate and given the uncertain economic and social 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group is unable to provide assurance that Unicaja Banco can meet its 
liquidity requirements or fulfil them without incurring higher funding costs, which could have a substantial 
adverse impact on its business, results and/or financial and equity position. 
A downgrading of Unicaja Banco’s credit rating could have a negative effect on Unicaja Banco’s 
activities, financial condition and results of operations 
Unicaja Banco has been assigned the following ratings by credit rating agencies: 
Agency 
 
Long term 
 
Short term 
 
Outlook 
 
Fitch (3 December 2021) 
BBB- 
F3
Stable 
Moody’s (24 November 
2021) 
Baa3 
Prime-3
Stable 
 
Any downgrading of Unicaja Banco’s credit rating could drive up the costs of funding or require the Group to 
replace funding lost due to the downgrading or possible downgrading of its rating; restrict Unicaja Banco’s 
access to capital markets and certain types of instrument and money and financial markets; require additional 
collateral to be provided to secure derivative contracts and other secure funding agreements; adversely affect 
the sale or commercialization of products; reduce the pool of possible investors in Unicaja Banco; hinder its 
ability to retain customers; and affect Unicaja Banco’s involvement in commercial transactions. Any of these 
factors could erode the Group’s liquidity and negatively affect its activities, financial condition and results. 
Given the difficulties faced by the financial markets and financial services sector, it cannot be guaranteed that 
the ratings agencies will not change their ratings or outlook for Unicaja Banco. 
Increased competition in the markets where the Group operates may adversely affect its growth 
prospects and operations 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive. Financial sector reforms in these markets 
(mainly in Spain) have increased competition among both local and foreign financial institutions, and the Bank 
believes that this trend will continue in the future. In addition, the trend towards consolidation in the banking 
sector has created larger and stronger banks with which the Group must now compete.  
The Group also faces competition from non-bank competitors, such as brokerage companies, department stores 
(for some credit products), leasing and factoring companies, mutual fund and pension fund management 
companies and insurance companies, “crowdfunding” and other financial technology developments, financial 
services technologies (Fintechs) which include “payment initiation services providers” and “information 
services providers”, internet-based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone companies and internet search 
engines and other large digital players such as Amazon, Google, Facebook or Apple, who have also started to 
offer financial services (mainly payments and credit) ancillary to their core business. Several of these 
competitors may have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant 
 
21 LTD ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
financial, marketing and other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and devote more 
resources to technology, infrastructure and marketing. Additionally, these untraditional banking services 
providers currently have a competitive advantage over traditional services providers as they aren’t subject to 
banking regulations. The size of the EU non-bank financial sector amounted to €37.6 trillion as of the first 
quarter of 2020, while the assets included in the non-bank financial sector made up for around 53% of the assets 
of the overall EU financial system (source: EU Non-Bank Financial Intermediation Risk Monitor 2021, 
published by the European Systemic Risk Board). 
Any failure to compete with current competitors that also offer online services retaining and strengthening 
customer relationships or to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in customer 
behavior, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s competitive position and business. Furthermore, the 
increase in competition could also require an increase in the interest rates offered for deposits or the decrease 
in interest rates applied to loans, with the subsequent negative impact in profitability, performance, market 
shares and business perspectives of the Group. 
Macroeconomic risks 
The Group’s business primarily depends on the Spanish economy and therefore, any adverse changes 
to this or any adverse situation such as the the military conflict between the Russian Federation and 
Ukraine or the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could have a negative impact on the Group 
Following the merger with Liberbank, the Group has become the fifth largest bank in Spain in terms of total 
assets, having presence across approximately 80% of the Spanish territory, with almost 100% of the Group’s 
revenues derived from products and services sold in Spain. The Group’s business and performance therefore 
depend significantly on economic conditions and market trends in Spain, particularly in the autonomous regions 
in which the Group has developed a significant portion of its banking business (i.e., Andalucía, Cantabria, 
Asturias, Extremadura, Castilla la Mancha and Castilla y León, together, the Group’s “Home Regions”) and, 
to a lesser extent, on economic conditions in the EEA and globally.  
Accordingly, any deterioration in Spain’s macroeconomic outlook should see increased levels of defaults and a 
lower demand for credit. As a Spanish bank primarily focused on servicing individuals and SMEs, the Group’s 
business performance is impacted by the economic health and employment status of its customers and high 
levels of unemployment, especially in the Home Regions, have historically resulted, for example, in a decrease 
in new mortgage borrowing, lower deposit levels and reduced or deferred levels of consumer spending, which 
adversely impact the Group’s revenue generation capability. In addition, higher unemployment rates can also 
have a negative impact on the Group’s results through an increase in customer loan arrears, forbearance, 
impairment provisions and defaults. 
In particular, the spread and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic caused the gross domestic product (“GDP”) to 
contract a 10.8% during 2020 (Source: Bank of Spain). According to the latest growth estimations, in 2020 the 
GDP contracted 10% in Andalucía, 9.8% in Cantabria, 10.2% in Asturias, 7.4% in Extremadura, 7.9% in Castilla 
la Mancha and 8.7% in Castilla y León (Source: National Institute of Statistics, INE). 
In view of the material adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economic growth in Spain, the EEA 
and globally, Unicaja Banco has been continuously assessing and managing the impact on the Group’s financial 
position and risk profile and the Group allocated lending provisions amounting to €270.6 million in the year 
ended on 31 December 2021, which did not include any amount specifically related to the impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic (€239 million in the year ended 31 December 2020 of which €200 million were due to the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
In this context, during the years 2020 and 2021, the Spanish government approved several Royal Decree-Laws 
on extraordinary urgent measures to address the economic and social impact of COVID-19 pandemic including,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
among others, the extension of the moratorium on evictions for vulnerable borrowers, moratorium on mortgage 
debt for the purchase of the primary residence, the moratorium on consumer loans and the extension of public 
guarantees from the Spanish Official Credit Institute for affected companies and self-employed workers.  
In relation to these measures, as of 31 December 2021, the Group’s current gross amount of moratorium 
outstanding loans amounted to €26.9 million (0.05% of the total gross loan portfolio) including both the legal 
moratorium (€15 million) and that derived from additional sectorial agreements to the legal moratorium (€11.9 
million). As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s current gross amount of moratorium outstanding loans 
amounted to €567 million (2.1% of the total gross loan portfolio), including both the legal moratorium (€11.8 
million) and that derived from additional sectorial agreements to the legal moratorium (€555.2 million). As of 
31 December 2021, there were no moratorium applications under analysis by the Group as all of them have 
already been processed and on average the outstanding moratoriums have a maturity of approximately less than 
3 months. Furthermore, total government-backed funding lines granted amounted to €3,261.7 million (6.1% of 
the total gross loan portfolio) of which 77% remained outstanding as of 31 December 2021 (€897.2 million 
(3.3% of the total gross loan portfolio) and 64.5% remained outstanding as of 31 December 2020). As of the 31 
December 2021 and 2020, on average 75% of the total amount of government-backed funding lines granted by 
the Group were secured by Spanish government.  
As of 31 December 2020, Liberbank reported a balance of €1,009.7 million in loans under moratorium (3.7% 
of the total gross loan portfolio) and €1,763.6 million in government-backed lending (6.5% of the total gross 
loan portfolio). 
High vaccination rates in many countries and a progressive relaxation of health and safety restrictions, together 
with the fiscal and monetary policy measures implemented, have contributed to an increase in employment 
levels and recovery of the global economy generally during the year 2021. However, the magnitude and duration 
of the current military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine and the actions taken by Western 
and other states and multinational organizations in response thereto, including, among other things, the potential 
effects of sanctions, export-control measures, travel bans and asset seizures, as well as any Russian retaliatory 
actions, including, among other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports and cyber-attacks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Spanish and the global economy and, as a result, on Unicaja Banco’s results and 
financial and equity position, given (i) the increase in energy prices which could lead to further inflationary 
pressures; (ii) the breakdown of global supply chains; (iii) the tightening of monetary policy, which is expected 
to lead to an increase in the level of interest rates; and (iv) public deficit policies, caused by the health crisis 
and the recession..  
Accordingly, despite the recovery of the Spanish GDP, which grew by 5% during the year 2021, the Spanish 
GDP is still approximately 6.3%. below the Spanish GDP of the year 2019 (Source: Bank of Spain), and 
according to the Bank of Spain, the consequences of the crisis derived from the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
still has a lasting component, and the conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine, which has already 
impacted the macroeconomic situation by, amongst other, increasing the inflationary pressures, are expected to 
accelerate a change on the monetary policies expectations of the ECB. In this context, the Bank of Spain 
estimates that the Spanish GDP will grow by 4.5% in 2022 (0.9 pp. lower than the previous Bank of Spain’s 
forecast published in December 2021), 2.9% in 2023 (1 pp. lower) and 2.5% in 2024 (0.7 pp. higher) and as a 
result the Spanish GDP will not recover to the pre-pandemic levels until the third quarter of 2023 (Source: 
Informe Trimestral de la Economía Española, Boletín Económico 1/2022).  
Specifically, Unicaja Banco is exposed to numerous risks that are common to the banking sector such as: a 
reduction in new mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail customers (the mortgage and consumer 
lending granted to retail customers amounted to 63.3% of Unicaja Banco’s total performing loan book as of 31 
December 2021 (64.2% for Unicaja Banco and 60.6% for Liberbank as of 31 December 2020)), which was 
down 4.1% for Unicaja Banco year-on-year in 2020 (while for Liberbank increased a 7.2% year-on-year in

--- Page 25 ---
25 
2020) as a result of the fall in demand for credit during the lockdown or, in a higher interest rate environment, 
an increase on default on customers’ loans if borrowers cannot refinance or if they are unable to meet their 
greater interest expense obligations (see – “The Group’s business is particularly sensitive to changes in interest 
rates”) 
The appearance of the aforementioned risks deriving from the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic 
uncertainty in international markets arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could materially and 
negatively affect Unicaja Banco’s banking, capital and funding activities and have a material adverse effect on 
its business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Internal operation risks 
After the Merger hidden or unknown liabilities and defects may emerge and Unicaja Banco may be 
unable to successfully integrate the Liberbank business from an operational point of view  
On 29 December 2020, Unicaja Banco announced that its Board of Directors had approved the joint merger 
plan for the merger of Liberbank (absorbed company) into Unicaja Banco (absorbing company). The Merger 
was approved by the shareholders’ meetings of Unicaja Banco and Liberbank, both held on 31 March 2021 and, 
after obtaining the required authorisations, the Merger was registered with the Commercial Registry of Málaga 
on 30 July 2021 and, thus, became effective as of that date. 
The Merger had certain impacts on the Bank’s financial position, including €994 million of total net fair value 
adjustments made at the date on which Unicaja Banco took control of Liberbank’s equity, €17 million of 
acquisition expenses, €22 million for restructuring the branch network and IT and €142.6 million of provisions 
made by Liberbank prior to the Merger for the purposes of personnel restructuring.  
On 6 December 2021 the Bank announced that it had reached an agreement with the legal representatives of 
the employees in connection with a redundancy scheme that will affect up to a maximum of 1,513 employees 
and that will be implemented after the completion of the Merger. The estimated cost of the scheme will amount 
to €377 million before taxes, equivalent to a reduction of 108 basis points in the fully-loaded CET1 ratio as of 
31 December 2021. 
Given the limited scope of the legal and business due diligence conducted on Liberbank, the assets and liabilities 
transferred and acquired by Unicaja Banco by universal succession as a result of the Merger could conceal 
material liabilities or defects that were not apparent or perceptible or known to Unicaja Banco, or that were not 
detected, at the time of the due diligence or contingencies arising from past events that Unicaja Banco did not 
know about or could not anticipate. Unicaja Banco may therefore be faced with unexpected and hidden 
liabilities and contingencies and unplanned additional costs. 
Additionally, integrating Liberbank in Unicaja Banco may be complex and may entail difficulties that are 
beyond its control, and the costs, benefits and synergies arising from the integration may not be in line with 
expectations. These difficulties may include incompatibility between the cultures or business policies of Unicaja 
Banco and Liberbank, the integration of the different business operating procedures and systems or the 
provision of services to, and the retention of, customers who, until the Merger, were part of the Liberbank 
business.  
The aforementioned difficulties and hidden liabilities could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, 
reputation, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and the ability of the Bank to maintain its 
relationships with employees and suppliers or any other business relationships after the Merger, generating 
unforeseen compensation costs and expenses.  
To fully realise the expected benefits of the Merger, Unicaja Banco must overcome any difficulties and/or 
hidden liabilities that may arise in the integration process. If it is unable to achieve these objectives or to achieve

--- Page 26 ---
26 
them in the manner expected (within the initial deadline or at all) or if its assumptions are incorrect, the 
efficiency, cost structure optimisation, increased presence in Spain, complementarity and market positioning 
expected to result from the Merger may not be achieved in full (if at all) or may take longer than expected to 
achieve, which could also materially adversely affect the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, the need for the management team of Unicaja Banco to focus its attention on issues arising from the 
integration with Liberbank, rather than on the ordinary conduct of the Bank’s business, could have an adverse 
effect on Unicaja Banco’s business, especially given the general economic conditions in Spain, which may 
evolve adversely. While engaged in the process of integrating the two businesses, the Bank may be unable to 
react promptly or effectively to changes in the market. 
The Group may also lose key employees as a result of factors relating to the difficulties of integrating the two 
entities and efficiently managing a larger number of employees or uncertainty about Unicaja Banco. Any 
inability of Unicaja Banco to manage the integration of Liberbank efficiently could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Operational risk is inherent to the Group’s business and, in particular, the Group faces risks from 
failures of its information technology systems or internal management systems or processes  
The Group is exposed to operational risks arising from the uncertainty inherent in the Group’s business 
undertakings and decisions. Examples of operational risks include: (i) internal fraud (i.e., malicious damages 
intentionally caused by internal parties); (ii) external fraud; (iii) compliance risk (i.e., violation of applicable 
laws, rules or internal procedures); (iv) employment malpractices and lack of workplace safety; (v) failure to 
meet obligations in relation to customers, products and business practices; (vi) disruption of infrastructure or 
system failures; (vii) IT security breaches or cyberattacks; and (viii) inadequate monitoring of internal 
compliance with regulations.  
As of 31 December 2021, the own fund requirements associated to the operational risk of the Group amounted 
to €229.4 million (8% of the own fund requirements) (€126 million (7% of the own fund requirements) and 
€101.8 million (8% of the own fund requirements) for the Bank and Liberbank as of 31 December 2020, 
respectively22).  
The Group’s technological infrastructure is critical to the operations of its business and delivery of products 
and services to customers. As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s total volume of operations carried out through 
the online and smartphone platforms amounted to €4,453.3 million while the percentage of the Group’s 
customers using these platforms was 51%. Even with the back-up recovery systems and contingency plans that 
the Group has in place, the Group cannot assure that interruptions, failures, cyberattacks or breaches in capacity 
or security of these processes and systems will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately 
addressed.  
This type of risk is especially relevant as the Group’s business depends on its ability to process a large number 
of transactions efficiently and accurately and on the reliable use of information technology, computing services, 
e-mails, software and network services, on the safe access to the processing, storage and transmission of 
information (including confidential information) through computers and networks, and on the maintenance of 
precise documentation, record-keeping and archiving.  
 
22 The Bank and Liberbank use the standardised approach to calculate the own fund requirements associated to operational risk, in accordance 
with CRR I.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Any materialization of operational risks could lead to losses, fines, claims and regulatory actions among other 
possible effects, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Legal, regulatory and compliance risks 
Risk of not recovering certain tax assets 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) amounting to €4,767.6 million, 
representing 4.1% of its total assets (€2,704 million as of 31 December 2020, representing 4.1% of its total 
assets). As of 31 December 2021, CET 1 deductions related to DTAs amounted to €1,212 million and €1,377 
million on a phased in and fully loaded basis, respectively. These assets or tax credits are mainly derived from 
(i) negative taxable basis for corporate tax due to losses in a given fiscal year (carried forward tax losses), (ii) 
bad debt provisions that have not been considered to be tax deductible and (iii) other temporary adjustments 
recognized in a given fiscal year, that are pending to be applied.  
Regarding Liberbank, as of 31 December 2020, it had DTAs amounting to €1,772.2 million, representing 3.7% 
of its total assets. These tax assets are mainly derived from (i) negative taxable basis for corporate tax due to 
losses in a given fiscal year (carried forward tax losses) and (ii) other temporary adjustments recognized in a 
given fiscal year, that are pending to be applied. 
The recovery of certain tax assets, in particular, deductions pending to be applied, is subject to certain time 
limitations. However, the Group’s ability to recover tax assets in the future is not subject to time limitations, 
provided that temporary differences are typically recovered following the recovery path foreseen accounting-
wise, and there is no time limit to offset carried forward tax losses.  
Out of the €4,767.6 million total DTAs as of 31 December 2021 (€2,704 million as of 31 December 2020), 
€1,126.8 million (€662 million as of 31 December 2020) are derived from carried forward tax losses. The 
eventual recovery of these tax assets is subject to, or limited by, the occurrence of certain factors, such as 
obtaining sufficient profits, the non-reduction of the corporate tax rate or the existence of discrepancies with 
the Spanish tax authorities in the settlement of such tax. With regard to Liberbank, these DTAs amounted to 
€642 million as of 31 December 2020.   
Therefore, in the event that (i) the Group generates insufficient profits (or no profit at all) within the applicable 
time to offset non-monetizable tax credits; (ii) the corporate income tax rate is reduced, resulting in a reduction 
of the DTAs accounting wise or in a restriction to use certain DTAs subject to time limitations; (iii) discrepancies 
are detected in previous tax returns as a consequence of audits undertaken by the Spanish tax authorities 
resulting in a reduction of the Group’s DTAs; or (iv) there are changes in current regulations, or their application 
or interpretation, the Group could be totally or partially restricted from recovering the amount of its DTAs, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial 
condition. 
Increasingly onerous capital, liquidity and funding requirements constitute one of the Group’s main 
regulatory challenges  
The Bank and the Group are subject to certain capital, liquidity and funding requirements (as described in the 
section “Capital, liquidity and funding requirements and loss absorbing powers”). Changes to the solvency 
requirements for credit institutions and to various transparency requirements, from a practical point of view, 
give priority to the highest quality capital, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”), imposing stricter eligibility rules 
and higher ratios, all with the aim of ensuring higher solvency standards in the financial sector. These changes, 
in particular the setting of minimum capital ratios, together with the capital buffers required in anticipation of 
future contingencies, the leverage ratio and the liquidity requirements, among others, are having an adverse 
impact on the business and margins of banks. There can be no assurance that the application of the existing

--- Page 28 ---
28 
regulatory requirements, standards or recommendations will not require the Group to issue additional securities 
that qualify as regulatory capital or eligible securities (this requirement to issue additional securities may, in 
addition, impair the ability of the Bank or the Group to manage their funding and capital resources in the most 
efficient way), to liquidate assets, to impose business restrictions or to take any other actions, any of which may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
On 4 May 2022, the Bank was informed by the ECB of the results of the supervisory review and evaluation 
process (the “SREP”), which include the supervisory decision regarding capital requirements applicable to the 
Group for 2022 (applicable both at an individual and consolidated level). The details of these phased in capital 
requirements are described below:  
 
 
CET1 ratio   Total capital  
Pillar 1 ..................................................................................................................... 
4.50%
8.00% 
Pillar 2 (P2R)23 ........................................................................................................ 
1.21%
2.15% 
Conservation buffer ................................................................................................. 
2.50%
2.50% 
Other buffers ........................................................................................................... 
0.00%
0.00% 
Total requirement ................................................................................................. 
8.21%
12.65% 
 
The table below sets out the Group’s capital position as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020:  
 
 
31 December 202124 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
 
CET1 ratio ..................................... 
 
13.6% 
12.5%
16.6%
15.0%
 
T1 ratio .......................................... 
 
15.2% 
14.1%
16.8%
15.2%
 
Total capital ratio .......................... 
 
16.8% 
15.8%
18.2%
16.6%
 
As of 31 March 2022, the Group’s capital position25 was as follows: a phased in CET1 ratio of 13.3% (12.6% 
fully loaded), a phased in T1 ratio of 14.9% (14.2% fully loaded) and a phased in Total capital ratio of 16.6% 
(15.9% fully loaded). 
As of 31 December 2021, the phased-in leverage ratio of the Group was 5.44% and the fully loaded leverage 
ratio was 5.04% (CRR I sets a binding leverage ratio requirement of 3% of Tier 1 capital).  
Additionally, as described in “Capital, liquidity and funding requirements and loss absorbing powers –MREL 
requirements”, the Bank, as a Spanish credit institution, must maintain a minimum requirement of own funds 
and eligible liabilities (known as “MREL”). In February 2021, the Bank received notification from the Bank 
of Spain of its MREL requirement on a consolidated basis, as determined by the Single Resolution Board 
(“SRB”). In accordance with such communication, Unicaja Banco must comply by 1 January 2024 with a 
minimum of own funds and eligible liabilities of 18.01% of the total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) 
(excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”) and 5.24% of the leverage ratio 
exposure (“LRE”). As for the intermediate requirement, the SRB has decided that, by 1 January 2022, Unicaja 
Banco must comply with an amount of own funds and eligible liabilities on a consolidated basis equal to 15.63% 
 
23 P2R only applies at a consolidated level.  
24 Capital ratios as of December 2021 include the profit for the year ended 31 December 2021, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.  
25  Capital ratios as of March 2022 include the profit for the period ended 31 March 2022, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
of the TREA (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”) and 5.24% of the 
LRE. As of 31 December 2021, Unicaja Banco reached a MREL ratio of 18.68% of the TREA and 6.71% of 
the LRE at consolidated level. However, given that as of the date of this Base Prospectus the MREL requirement 
for the Group following the Merger is still to be determined, the abovementioned MREL requirement might 
need to be adjusted upwards as a result of the Merger. Therefore, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Group cannot indicate the amount of issuances that will be needed in order to meet with the MREL requirement 
to be set after the Merger.   
Failure by the Bank or the Group to comply with certain of the existing regulatory requirements could result in 
the imposition of administrative actions or sanctions, which would have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any failure to comply with the 
Bank’s or the Group’s capital requirements could result in further P2R (as defined in “Capital, liquidity and 
funding requirements and loss absorbing powers”) or the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, 
resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (“Law 11/2015”), which, together with Royal Decree 
1012/2015, of 6 November, developing Law 11/2015 (“Royal Decree 1012/2015”) implemented BRRD into 
Spanish law, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
In particular, non-compliance with the combined capital buffer requirement (or the combined capital buffer 
requirement when considered in addition to the MREL requirements), requires Unicaja Banco to calculate the 
Maximum Distributable Amount (or the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision) (each as defined 
in “Capital, liquidity and funding requirements and loss absorbing powers”), so that it could become subject 
to restrictions on (i) CET1 capital distributions, (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or 
discretionary pension benefits and (iii) payments linked to additional tier 1 capital instruments, all such 
discretionary payments being from then on subject to the resulting Maximum Distributable Amount (or the 
MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision, as applicable).  
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future. 
Despite the flexibility measures adopted by the competent bodies in the present circumstances, the current 
regulatory requirements and potential new and stricter regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s business and operations and, in particular, could affect its ability to pay dividends or make 
discretionary payments. These regulations could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Groups 
business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
The Group is subject to regulatory and legal proceedings  
The Group is, and in the future may be, involved in various claims, disputes, legal proceedings and 
governmental investigations. The outcome of these claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental 
investigations is difficult to predict, and, therefore, the Issuer cannot state with confidence what the eventual 
outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending 
matter may be or if the reserves accounted will be sufficient.  
Unicaja Banco has recognized provisions covering obligations that may arise from various ongoing legal 
proceedings, totaling €309.4 million as of 31 December 2021 (€197.3 million as of 31 December 2020). These 
provisions relate to several legal claims for amounts that are not material by themselves and the majority of 
which are associated with potential claims relating to floor clauses.  
Regarding Liberbank, provisions held under “Outstanding procedural issues and litigation for taxes” amounted 
to €2.6 million, while the provisions to cover the risks of lawsuits and proceedings arising from the ordinary

--- Page 30 ---
30 
course of operations, along with other legal, regulatory and tax risks amounted to €70.3 million as of 31 
December 2020.  
While the Group has included provisions in its annual accounts to cover a potential adverse outcome of legal 
proceedings, such provisions may prove inadequate or insufficient. In addition, defending current and future 
actions is time-consuming and may result in the diversion of resources including management time. 
Accordingly, any existing and significant future claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
See “Description of the Issuer—Legal and arbitration proceedings” for further information on the legal 
proceedings referred to above, a brief description of which is included below.  
Floor clauses litigation 
Among the legal proceedings in which the Group is involved, there are several proceedings related to clauses 
that set a minimum interest rate applicable to mortgage loans (known as “floor clauses”, which set minimum 
interest rate payable by borrowers, whereby the borrower agrees to pay a minimum interest rate to the lender, 
regardless of the applicable benchmark rate). Borrowers have challenged the validity of such clauses in recent 
years on various grounds and courts have rendered various judgments, directed both at specific financial 
institutions (including the Bank) and the financial sector in general, declaring the invalidity of these clauses 
that set minimum interest rates. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total outstanding principal amount of performing loans that include floor clauses 
amounted to €762.2 million, representing 1.4% of the Group’s performing loans26 and the Group has recognised 
an accounting provision of €161 million to face risks and contingencies related to this matter (€123 million as 
of 31 December 2020). 
In addition, Liberbank recognised accounting provisions totalling €18.7 million for obligations that may arise 
due to floor clauses proceedings as of 31 December 2020 (€27.7 million as of 31 December 2019). 
Other litigation 
Other legal proceedings in which the Group is involved include legal proceedings in relation to (i) reference 
rate for mortgages (“Índice de Referencia de Préstamos Hipotecarios”, “IRPH”) potential litigation (as of 31 
December 2021, the Group does not expect contingencies and does not have material provisions related to this 
matter) (ii) the interest calculation formula used by the Group in mortgage transactions (as of 31 December 
2021, the Group does not expect contingencies and does not have material provisions related to this matter); 
(iii) the early termination of mortgages (as of 31 December 2021, the Group does not expect contingencies and 
does not have material provisions related to this matter); (iv) the expenses relating to the formalization of 
mortgages (Unicaja Banco has recognized provisions covering obligations that may arise from such ongoing 
legal proceedings, totaling €32.9 million as of 31 December 2021); (v) the revolving cards (as of 31 December 
2021, the Group doesn’t expect contingencies related to claims regarding this matter); and (vi) claims in relation 
to Law 57/1968, of July 27, on the collection of advance amounts in the construction and sale of housing (Ley 
57/1968, de 27 de julio, sobre percibo de cantidades anticipadas en la construcción y venta de viviendas), 
which is still applicable to all purchases of housing made until 1 January 2016, for the amounts delivered by 
individuals to developers on account of the purchase of housing, when said payments had been channeled 
through a credit institution (as of 31 December 2021, the estimate of the maximum amount claimed in 
outstanding legal proceedings in relation to this matter was €38.3 million).  
 
26 Performing loans is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss 
Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
As further explained in “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers - Loss 
absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation”, the Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus may be subject to the bail-in tool (the Spanish Bail-in Power as defined 
therein) and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, to the write down and conversion powers (the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption as defined therein) contemplated in article 59 of BRRD and in general to the powers 
that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 (and its development through 
Royal Decree 1012/2015) and the SRM Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Holders may be subject to, among other things, on any application of the Spanish Bail-in-Power, a write down 
(including to zero) or conversion into equity or other securities or obligations of amounts due under the Notes, 
and additionally, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, may be subject to any Non-Viability Loss Absorption. 
The exercise of any such powers (or any other resolution powers and tools) may result in such Holders losing 
some or all of their investment or otherwise having their rights under the Notes adversely affected, including 
by receiving a different security, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes. 
Furthermore, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes or the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption, or the taking by the Relevant Resolution Authority of any other action, or any suggestion that the 
exercise or taking of any such action may happen, could materially adversely affect the market price or value 
or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities (including the Notes) 
subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption and to the broader resolution powers 
of the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, Holders of the Notes may have limited or circumscribed 
rights to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution Authority to exercise such powers. 
In particular, to the extent that any resulting treatment of a Holder pursuant to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-
in Power or, in the case of Holders of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, of the Non-Viability Loss Absorption is less 
favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency proceedings, a Holder of such affected Notes 
may have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation based on an independent valuation 
of the institution, in accordance with Article 10 of Royal Decree 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. Any such 
compensation, together with any other compensation provided by any Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, among any such compensation, in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is unlikely to 
compensate that Holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in 
the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably 
later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the affected Notes. In addition, in the case of a 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption, it is unclear that a Holder would have a right to compensation under the BRRD 
or the SRM Regulation if any resulting treatment of such Holder pursuant to the exercise of the Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption was less favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency proceedings. 
The exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes and/or any Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
with respect to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes by the Relevant Resolution Authority is likely to be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside of the Issuer’s control. In 
addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will retain an element of discretion, Holders may not be able to 
refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate any potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power 
and/or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, any Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Because of this inherent 
uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any such powers by the Relevant

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Resolution Authority may occur. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any such powers 
without providing any advance notice to the Holders.  
The price and trading behaviour of the Notes and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any such powers. 
The ranking of the Notes may affect the amount of recovery (if any) a Holder may expect to receive in 
a winding-up or resolution of the Issuer 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (créditos ordinarios).  
Ordinary Senior Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) and, upon 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under 
Ordinary Senior Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) pursuant to 
Article 281.1 of the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, 
of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) (the “Insolvency Law”)) would rank below claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la 
masa) and claims with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the 
purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015).  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated senior non preferred obligations (créditos 
ordinarios no preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and, upon insolvency (concurso) 
of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(unless they qualify as subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law) would rank below any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Subordinated Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer. 
In accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)), upon 
the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
would rank : (i) for so long as the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes do not constitute Tier 
2 Instruments nor Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, as set out in Condition 4(b)(a); and (ii) for so long 
as the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, as set 
out in Condition 4(b)(b). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and according to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, the ranking 
of the Subordinated Notes depends on whether they qualify (even partially) at the relevant time as Tier 2 
Instruments (which is expected to be the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments nor Additional Tier 1 Instruments (even partially) 
of the Issuer (which is expected to be the case of the Senior Subordinated Notes).  
If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay in full the 
claims of more senior-ranking creditors, Holders will lose their entire investment in the Notes. If there are 
sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets 
to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other claims that rank pari 
passu with the Notes, Holders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Notes. 
Accordingly, Holders of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed 
on Holders of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes. In turn, 
Holders of Senior Subordinated Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on Holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes would lose

--- Page 33 ---
33 
their entire investment before losses are imposed on Holders of Ordinary Senior Notes, and Holders of Ordinary 
Senior Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on creditors in respect of claims 
which are preferred by law (claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and claims with a 
privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015)). 
In addition, the ranking of Notes upon insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer is also expected to impact on the 
losses imposed on Holders if resolution powers are exercised in respect of the Issuer, as such resolution powers 
are required to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD IV and 
otherwise respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. Please see “The Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution 
authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 
11/2015 and the SRM Regulation” above. 
Claims of Holders in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency 
procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) against the 
Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law, which in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes must be read together with the Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, and 
accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. 
Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as any right of 
the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the 
claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up.. 
The Notes may provide for limited events of default 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not 
provide for any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court commencing 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed 
for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Notes is not 
made when due, each Holder of the relevant Notes will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on 
their Notes but will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless insolvency proceedings or proceedings for 
the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer have been instigated. 
Pursuant to the Insolvency Law, those contractual provisions providing for the early termination of a contract 
upon the insolvency of one of the parties shall be null and void, for which reason it is doubtful whether the 
Notes may be accelerated if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings as 
contemplated under Condition 13(a) (Events of Default relating to the Notes). 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation and BRRD (as implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 
1012/2015), the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution. Pursuant to Law 
11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an event of 
default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof. 
Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the 
ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of 
default arises either before or after the adoption of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the 
exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. Any attempt by a 
Holder to enforce its rights under the Notes following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution 
procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as implemented through Law 
11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the exercise of the relevant 
measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to above.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Please see “The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability 
Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation” above. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes, if the Issuer so decides by applying 
additional events of default in the relevant Final Terms as permitted under Condition 13(b) (Additional Events 
of Default), each Holder of the relevant Notes will have an individual acceleration right in case certain events 
occur (including, failure of payment on the Notes when due, cross default or unlawfulness). Consequently, only 
Ordinary Senior Notes for which the Issuer has selected Condition 13(b) (Additional Events of Default) as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms could be accelerated by the Holders in case of failure of payment on the 
Notes when due, cross default or unlawfulness. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed prior their maturity date on certain dates or 
periods or in the case certain events occur. Any redemption of the Notes shall only be made in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations and provided that the Issuer has been granted the prior Supervisory 
Permission, when applicable. 
The optional redemption features that may be embedded in the terms and conditions of a specific Tranche Notes 
include: 
• 
Redemption of Notes due to a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event).  
• 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes due to a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 10(d) 
(Redemption due to a Capital Event).  
• 
Redemption of the Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event).  
• 
Redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer on any date so specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer).  
• 
Redemption of the Notes if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is equal or 
less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes originally issued, pursuant to Condition 10(i) (Issuer Residual Call).  
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will only take place after five years from their date of effective 
disbursement or any different minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to 
time by Applicable Banking Regulations. If, in relation to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and has occurred and is continuing or a Tax Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may redeem the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes during the five years 
following the issue date of such Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if:  
(i) 
either of the conditions set forth in article 78 of the CRR I are met; and  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to 
be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the regulatory reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Any optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased 
likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period if the market believes that the relevant Notes become eligible for redemption in the near term. 
The Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when its borrowing costs are lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. In any such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes will be made at the 
absolute discretion of the Issuer taking into account factors such as, but not limited to, the economic impact of 
exercising such option to redeem the Notes, any tax consequences, the regulatory requirements and the 
prevailing market conditions.  
Holders should also be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Notes 
until maturity. 
The qualification of the Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
The Notes may be intended to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable Banking Regulations on the 
subject and how those regulations are to be interpreted and applied, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that any Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
Because of this uncertainty, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the relevant Notes will or may 
ultimately be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If for any reasons Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes where the MREL 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms are not MREL-Eligible 
Instruments or if they initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible, then a 
MREL Disqualification Event may occur, with the consequences indicated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. See “The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer” and “The Issuer may substitute the Notes 
or vary their terms without holder consent”. 
Notes issued as “Green Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations 
or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria  
If the relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes specify that the Notes to be issued are 
“Green Notes”, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to 
finance or refinance, in part or in full, new and/or existing loans, investments or projects that meet the eligibility 
criteria outlined in the green bond framework approved and published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes) (the “Green 
Bond Framework”) (such Notes being Green Notes). The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) has 
confirmed the alignment of the Green Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and it is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-
accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes) (for more information see – “Use of Proceeds”). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Green Bond Framework, and the “Use 
of Proceeds” section regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any project 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards

--- Page 36 ---
36 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project. In addition, the requirements of any such label may 
evolve from time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any project will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the “-EU Taxonomy Regulation”). 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular with any project, to fulfil any environmental, 
social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. 
In the event that any Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Notes so specified 
for the relevant project and obtain and publish the opinions and certifications, in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the Green Bond Framework and the “Use of Proceeds” section, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any project, will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed for such project or that the Issuer can obtain and publish the opinions and 
certifications. Nor can there be any assurance that such project will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or that the maturity of an eligible green asset or project may not match the minimum duration of any 
such Green Notes or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes, (ii) give rise 
to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder 
of such Green Note, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for 
the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or 
(iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities of the MREL 
requirement, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and 
interest (as the case may be) on the Green Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project 
nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
Furthermore, Green Notes may be subject to application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and, in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any 
other pari passu Notes which is not a Green Note. 
Likewise, Green Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria 
and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green 
Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their “green” label. Additionally, their labelling as Green Notes (i) will not affect the case of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirement (as applicable); and (ii) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 4 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes for any project 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other similar Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Waiver of set-off 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Holders of any 
Series of Notes waive any and all rights of or claims for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against them, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising, as required 
by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
As a result, Holders will not be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations 
owed by them to the Issuer. Holders may therefore be required to initiate separate proceedings to recover 
amounts in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a lower recovery in the event of insolvency of the 
Issuer than if set-off or counterclaim were permitted.. 
The Notes may have a negative yield 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may have a negative yield, depending on the issue or acquisition price 
and the redemption or disposal price, as well as the periodic coupons they pay, and, consequently, investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest to (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On 
the First Reset Date and each Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Reset Rate of Interest”). The Reset Reference Rate may be 
either the Mid-Swap Rate or the Reference Bond Rate. The calculation of the Reference Bond Rate would be 
determined by the Reset Reference Bond, which is, for any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the 
opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period.  
In addition, the Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods, which would result in the amount of any interest payments under 
such Reset Notes being lower than the interest payments prior to such Reset Date and so could affect the market 
value of an investment in such Reset Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
The Issuer may substitute the Notes or vary their terms without holder consent 
If Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a Tax 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, instead 
of redeeming the Notes, at any time, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they 
are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, provided that such substitution or variation 
shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the Holders, as certified in a Bank's Certificate (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and an Independent Financial Adviser Certificate (as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). In the exercise of its discretion, the Issuer will have regard to the 
interest of the Holders as a class. 
Any substitution or variation shall only be made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
provided that the Issuer has been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. 
In the case of a substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes, while the new substituted or varied notes 
must have terms that are not materially less favourable to an investor than the Notes, there can be no assurance 
that, whether due to the particular circumstances of each Holder or otherwise, such substituted or varied Notes 
will be as favourable to such Holder in all respects, that the substituted or varied Notes will be viewed by the 
market as equally or more favourable, or that the substituted or varied Notes will trade at prices that are equal 
to or higher than the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms 
Moreover, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have 
regard to the tax position of individual Holders or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation 
for individual Holders. No Holder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Issuer, or any other person, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon 
individual Holders of Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future while 
the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 11 May 2021, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates published the recommendations to address events that would trigger fallbacks in the EURIBOR-
related contracts, along with the €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates (rates that could be used if a fallback is 
triggered). 
While there is currently no plan to discontinue EURIBOR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (as further described in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse 
consequences to Holders linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
On the other hand, where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate 
of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to €STR, the Rate of Interest will be determined by 
reference to Compounded Daily €STR. In such a case, such rate will differ from the relevant EURIBOR rate in 
a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that a compounded daily rate is a backwards-
looking, risk-free overnight rate, and a single daily rate is a risk-free overnight non-term rate, whereas 
EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and €STR, may behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for Notes issued under this Programme. 
The use of risk-free rates - including the €STR -, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop and the 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates 
issued under this Programme.  
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates. 
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of 
such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more 
widely used. 
As a result, development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity, increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this 
Programme from time to time. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to any Notes which reference €STR or any related indices. 
Limitation on gross-up under Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, under Ordinary Senior Notes 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes, the Issuer’s obligation to pay additional 
amounts on the Notes in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature applies only to payments of interest on 
the Notes and not to payments of principal in respect of the Notes. As such, the Issuer would not be required to 
pay any additional amounts to the extent any such withholding or deduction is applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal in respect of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
Ordinary Senior Notes, Holders shall only be entitled to the net amount of such payment after deduction of the 
amount required to be withheld or deducted. The market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a 
result. 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to an issue of Notes. The rating may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Similar ratings assigned to different types of 
securities do not necessarily mean the same thing and any rating assigned to the Notes does not address the 
likelihood that interest or any other payments in respect of the Notes will be made on any particular date or at 
all. Credit ratings also do not address the marketability or market price of securities.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Any change in the credit ratings assigned to the Notes may affect the market value of the Notes. Such change 
may, among other factors, be due to a change in the methodology applied by a rating agency to rating securities 
with similar structures to the Notes, as opposed to any revaluation of the Issuer's financial strength or other 
factors such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal, at any time, by the assigning rating organisation. Therefore, potential investors should not rely 
on any rating of the Notes and should make their investment decision on the basis of considerations such as 
those outlined above. The Issuer or its Group does not participate in any decision making of the rating agencies 
and any revision or withdrawal of any credit rating assigned to the Issuer or any securities of the Issuer is a third 
party decision for which the Issuer does not assume any responsibility. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency of the relevant Notes changes, European (including UK) regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European (including UK) regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact 
the value of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent, Independent Financial Advisors or the 
Determination Agent and Holders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any), Independent Financial Advisors 
(if eventually appointed), or the Determination Agent (if any) (jointly, the “Third Parties”) and Holders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Third Parties may make pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (for example calculation of rates of interest payable under the Notes or 
the determination of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates in case of a Benchmark Event) which may influence 
the amounts that can be received by Holders. Conflicts of interest may arise, among others, when a dealer or 
the Issuer is appointed as a Third Party (it must be noted that the Issuer will act as Calculation Agent unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms). 
Any of the Third Parties may be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary 
course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst 
such a Third Party is expected to, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving 
an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Holders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Holders.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documentation set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. However, any statement contained in any such document shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement: 
(i) 
The Group’s unaudited consolidated financial report as of and for the three-months ended 31 March 
2022, prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the 
European 
Union 
(“IFRS-EU”), 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/inversores-y-accionistas/informes-financieros/2022/primer-trimestre/informe-financiero-
marzo-2022.pdf) (the “2022 First Quarter Financial Report”). 
(ii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated annual accounts and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/inversores-y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-
2021.pdf) (the “2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts”).  
(iii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated annual accounts and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/inversores-y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-
2020.pdf) (together, the “2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts”).  
(iv) 
The Liberbank’s audited consolidated annual accounts and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
Deloitte, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
CNMV’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/junta-general-de-accionistas/2021-extraordinaria/2021-extraordinaria-Cuentas-anuales-
individuales-consolidadas-liberbank-2020-en.pdf) (together, the “Liberbank 2020 Consolidated 
Annual Accounts”).  
Given that the Merger was materialised on 31 July 2021 for accounting purposes (i) the financial information 
of the Bank and/or the Group as of 31 December 2020 does not contain any financial information regarding 
Liberbank; (ii) the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as of 31 December 2021 includes Liberbank’s assets 
and liabilities and the results generated by Liberbank from August to December 2021 and therefore it is not 
comparable with the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as of 31 December 2020 and the results of the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2020; and (iii) the consolidated income statement of the Group for year 
ended 31 December 2021 includes the results generated by Liberbank from August to December 2021 and 
therefore it is not comparable with the consolidated income statement of the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is only as of the date of such document, and the incorporation 
by reference of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
Unicaja Banco or the Group, as the case may be, since the date thereof or that the information contained therein 
is current as of any time subsequent to its date.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Any documents themselves contained in or incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
English translations 
English translations of the 2022 First Quarter Financial Report, 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 
2020 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Accounts, 
are 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website: 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-corporacion/inversores-
y-accionistas/informes-financieros/2022/primer-trimestre/informe-financiero-marzo-2022-en.pdf, 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-corporacion/inversores-
y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-2021-en.pdf 
 
and 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-corporacion/inversores-
y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-2020-en.pdf, respectively. 
The referred English translations are for information purposes only. In the event of a discrepancy, the original 
Spanish-language versions prevail.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will be completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Unicaja Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €3,500,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Fixed to Floating Notes, 
Floating to Fixed Notes, Fixed to Reset Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which supplements these terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions of the Notes”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions of the Notes 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Notes listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the Notes will 
be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions of the Notes to “Notes” are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available 
for 
viewing 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-
accionistas/emisiones/programas-de-emision). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions of the Notes the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) in 
accordance with Chapter 3 (Additional Tier 1 capital) of Title I (Elements of own funds) of Part 
Two (Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities) of the CRR I and/or the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at any time;

--- Page 44 ---
44 
“Additional Tier 1 Instrument” means any subordinated obligation (créditos subordinados) of 
the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in the customary market 
usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Financial 
Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so 
far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“AIAF” means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the relevant 
currency; 
“Amortisation Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
“Amortised Face Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase); 
“Amounts Due” means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 12 
(Taxation). References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 
IV, the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority relating to capital 
adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Authorised Signatory” means any authorised officer of the Issuer; 
“Bank’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
stating that, in the opinion of the Issuer, (i) the changes determined pursuant to a substitution or 
variation of the Notes under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the 
Qualifying Notes having terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the 
Notes the subject of substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and 
conditions of the Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes subject of 
substitution and variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, 
comply with the then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a Tax Event, to cure 
the relevant Tax Event; and/or (c) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply with the 
then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable)) it has ceased 
publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) permanently or indefinitely, or that it will cease to do so by a specified future 
date (the “Specified Future Date”); 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable), that such relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has been or 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue

--- Page 46 ---
46 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable)); or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that 
such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is or will be by a Specified Future Date, no longer representative of an 
underlying market and such representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such 
supervisor); or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer, shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May, establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by BRRD II and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time, as implemented into Spanish law, and including any 
relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“Business Day” means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings

--- Page 47 ---
47 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such 
other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Capital Event” means a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority 
considers sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
which change becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of Notes and that results (or would be likely to result) in: 
(a) 
the exclusion of any of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group, otherwise than as a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
as the case may be, including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the application of 
Article 64 of CRR I; or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(b) 
the reclassification of all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer or the Group, in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Certificate” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
“Chairperson” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 17(d) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver – Chairman); 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
“CNMV” means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores); 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) (Taxation); 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank or the Bank of Spain, as applicable, 
or such other or successor authority having primary bank supervisory authority with respect to 
prudential oversight and supervision in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable; 
“CRD IV” means any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR I and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time);  
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by CRD V Directive and as further amended 
or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the 
CRD IV Directive or the CRR I which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not 
limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the 
European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by 
the Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which 
are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, including, without limitation, 
Law 10/2014, as amended from time to time, Royal Decree 84/2015, as amended from time to 
time, and any other regulation, circular or guidelines implementing CRD IV; 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures; 
“CRR I” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by CRR II and as further amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended by Regulation 2020/873 and as further amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions of 
the Notes or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
“Determination Agent” means the agent specified as such in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for agreeing with the Issuer the Reset Reference Bond for Reset Notes; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)” means the early redemption amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note; 
“Eligible Liabilities” means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in 
Applicable Banking Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes; 
“Eligible Persons” means those Holders or persons (being duly appointed proxies or 
representatives of such Holders) that are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Holders, 
for the purposes of which no person shall be entitled to vote at any such meeting in respect of 
Notes held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
“EU Banking Reforms” means the CRD V Directive, the BRRD II, the CRR II and the SRM 
Regulation II; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in Condition 17 (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver);  
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) (Taxation); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on

--- Page 52 ---
52 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the 
First Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
“Green Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 13(c) (Events of Default — Green Notes); 
“Green Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure” has the meaning given in Condition 13(c) (Events 
of Default — Green Notes); 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer —
Title and Transfer); 
“Iberclear” means the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal, the Spanish Central Securities Depository, which 
manages the Spanish Central Registry and the Spanish settlement system; 
“Iberclear Participants” means each participating entity (entidad participante) in Iberclear; 
“ICMA” means the International Capital Markets Association; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest in the case of Floating Rate Note Provisions (as provided under 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions)), discontinuation of benchmarks (as provided under 
Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) and the substitution and variation of Notes (as 
provided under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation)); 
“Independent Financial Adviser Certificate” means a certificate signed by a representative of 
an Independent Financial Adviser stating that, in the opinion of such Independent Financial 
Adviser, (i) the changes determined by the Issuer pursuant to a substitution or variation of the 
Notes under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the Qualifying Notes having 
terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes the subject of 
substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and conditions of the 
Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes the subject of substitution and 
variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the 
then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a Tax Event, to cure the relevant Tax 
Event; and/or (c) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply with the then current 
requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Insolvency Law” means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal); 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“ISIN” means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Law 10/2014” means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency 
of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Law 11/2015” means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de 
entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to 
time;  
“Loss Absorbing Power” means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Spain, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time 
to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which, among others, any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Accordingly, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holders of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights

--- Page 54 ---
54 
under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(e) 
the amendment of the terms of the Notes; 
“Margin” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), as the 
case may be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency)); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6 
(Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% 
(0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms 
but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Spain), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory 
technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU 
legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in the Kingdom of Spain; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms does not fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Group, 
except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant 
Notes (as applicable) being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible Instruments by 
the Applicable Banking Regulations as at the Issue Date or (ii) is as a result of the relevant Notes 
(as applicable) being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes 
which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, is due 
to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in connection with their 
ranking upon the insolvency of the Issuer or any limitation on the amount of such Notes that may 
be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Group. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to include where such non-
qualification as MREL-Eligible Instruments arises as a result of (a) any legislation which gives 
effect to the EU Banking Reforms in the Kingdom of Spain differing in any respect from the form 
of the EU Banking Reforms (including if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in full 
in the Kingdom of Spain), or (b) the official interpretation or application of the EU Banking 
Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented in the Kingdom of Spain (including any 
interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) differing in any 
respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in these 
Conditions; 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument included in the Eligible Liabilities which 
are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
“MREL Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Group under the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means any date so specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the first and last days inclusive; 
“Optional Redemption Period (call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Ordinary Senior Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(a) (Status — Status of the Senior 
Notes); 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than those Notes (a) that 
have been redeemed; (b) that have been purchased (or acquired) and cancelled; (c) that have been 
substituted and cancelled or (d) that have become void or in respect of which claims have 
prescribed, provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(a) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Holders; and 
(b) 
the determination of how many and which Notes are for the time being outstanding for 
the purposes of Condition 17 (Meeting of Holders; Modification and Waiver), 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as 
reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time or as adjusted as required 
by, or in application of, the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;  
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the relevant Iberclear Participant 
by any Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Holder;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
“Qualifying Notes” means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer where such securities: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes with 
any differences between their terms and conditions and these Conditions of the Notes 
being those strictly necessary to (i) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the then 
current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, to 
cure the relevant Tax Event; and/or (iii) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, 
comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(b) 
subject to (a) above, shall (i) rank at least equal to the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) have the same currency, the same Outstanding Principal Amount 
and aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount, the same (or higher) Rate of Interest, the 
same Interest Payment Dates, the same maturity date and redemption rights as those from 
time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant variation or substitution; (iii) 
comply with the then current requirements of Applicable Banking Regulations (in the case 
of a Capital Event) in relation to Tier 2 Capital or (in the case of a MREL Disqualification 
Event) for MREL-Eligible Instruments; (iv) preserve rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest or other amounts which have not been paid; (v) are assigned (or maintain) 
at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior 
to such variation or substitution, and (vi) shall not at the time immediately following such 
substitution and variation, be subject to a Capital Event, a MREL Disqualification Event 
and/or a Tax Event  (as applicable, to the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms); and  
(c) 
are (i) listed and admitted to trading on AIAF or (ii) listed on a Recognised Stock 
Exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 (Status) resulting from any such substitution or modification shall not be subject to 
the condition of not being materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes 
where the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or modification is at least the same 
ranking as is applicable to such Notes under Condition 4 (Status) on the issue date of such Notes; 
“Rate of Interest” means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the 
Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
as applicable; 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective 
successors; 
“Recognised Stock Exchange” means a regulated, regularly operating, recognised stock 
exchange or securities market in an OECD member state; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call), the Optional Redemption

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to 
the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage 
of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received 
in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period); 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Calculation Agent) or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to any Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination 
Time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. The term Reference Rate shall, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), include any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently 
in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate 
or further Alternative Rate;  
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but 
not limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing 
regulations) and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of 
legislation relating to the Loss Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“relevant Holders” has the meaning give in Condition 17(b)(i) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver - Convening meetings - Meetings convened by the Issuer); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the relevant benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), 
the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power from 
time to time; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance 
with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest 
Payment Date; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, 
or in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Reset Determination Time” means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset Note” means a Note that bears interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset 
Notes Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued 
by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the 
Determination Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Royal Decree 84/2015” means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing 
Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, 
de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“Royal Decree 1012/2015” means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing 
Law 11/2015 (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la 
Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de 
servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, 
sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the 
Senior Notes); 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means any unsecured and unsubordinated senior non 
preferred obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer under Additional Provision

--- Page 61 ---
61 
14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the 
extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Notes” has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the Senior Notes); 
“Senior Preferred Liabilities” means the unsecured and ordinary unsubordinated obligations 
(créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
“Spanish Central Registry” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended by SRM Regulation II and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
“Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
“Subsidiary” means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in 
accordance with Article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of 
Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain and Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, as 
appropriate, waiver) as is required therefor under prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations (if 
any); 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;  
“Tax Event” means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Spain, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes and that results in: 
(a) 
the Issuer not being entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in Spain 
in respect of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes or the value of such deduction 
to the Issuer being materially reduced; or  
(b) 
the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation); 
or 
(c) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes being materially affected, 
and, in each case, cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it;  
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) in accordance with Chapter 4 (Tier 2 
Capital) of Title I (Elements of own funds) of Part Two (Own Funds) of the CRR I and/or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Instrument” means any subordinated obligation (crédito subordinado) of the Issuer 
qualifying as Tier 2 Capital;  
“Tier 2 Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); and 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any Holder for deduction, set-
off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in 
connection with any Note. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions of the Notes: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Notes will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified Denomination and 
in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Notes will be registered with Iberclear, which is the 
Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, 
Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly 
through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Notes through 
bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with Iberclear.  
Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer’s commitment to 
assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the ISIN of the Notes will be stated in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown 
in the central registry managed (the “Spanish Central Registry”) by Iberclear and in the 
registries maintained by the respective Iberclear Participants as being the holder of the Notes 
shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the holder of the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded therein. In these Conditions of the Notes, the “Holder” of a Note 
means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central 
Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant 
accounting book and when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in the Notes.  
One or more certificates (each, a “Certificate”) attesting the holding of the Notes by the relevant 
Holder in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Participant or, where 
the Holder is itself an Iberclear Participant, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the 
requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Participant’s or, as the case may be, 
Iberclear’s procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder’s request. 
The Notes will be issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Notes may be transferred and title to the Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to 
compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant) upon registration in the relevant registry of each 
Iberclear Participant and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be (except as 
otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no 
person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes are not, and will not be, secured and are the obligations of the Issuer and not guaranteed by 
any other entity. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, 
in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under Notes which specify their 
status as Ordinary Senior Notes (“Ordinary Senior Notes”) or as Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, “Senior Notes”) in 
the relevant Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (créditos ordinarios) and, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a 
result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer (and unless they qualify as subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) pursuant to 
Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future), 
would rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and (ii) subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law; and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Preferred Liabilities; and  
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Liabilities.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and senior non preferred obligations 
(créditos ordinarios no preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and, upon 
the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank below any 
Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer, and accordingly, claims in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
According to the Insolvency Law, claims of Holders of Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued 
but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law and accrual of interest 
shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Subordinated 
Notes in the relevant Final Terms (“Subordinated Notes”, which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Notes (“Senior Subordinated Notes”) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (“Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms) constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer and, in accordance 
with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise)), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer would rank: 
(a) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
do not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer 
qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; (ii) any claims

--- Page 65 ---
65 
for the liquidation amount of the ordinary shares of the Issuer; and (iii) any other 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or 
by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect 
of contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, and to 
the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any claim for principal with respect to any Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by 
their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the 
basis that such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; 
(b) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer 
qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments; (ii) any claims for the liquidation 
amount of the ordinary shares of the Issuer; and (iii) any other subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their 
terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any 
other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer; (ii) 
any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (iii) any other subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the 
extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis 
that such Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the exercise 
of any Loss Absorbing Powers. The Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting arrangements that 
would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject 
to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition (d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, if 
earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
“sub-unit“ means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent.  
6. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes shall bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and on 
the Maturity Date and subject further as provided in Condition 11 (Payments)).  
(c) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount 
in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions). 
(e) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than in the circumstances 
provided for in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset 
Period). 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it to be notified 
to the Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the relevant Reset Date. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(g) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if 
applicable), the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for 
which €STR or any related index is specified as Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (C) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer (other than in the circumstances described in 
Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and   
(2) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(E) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(A) 
if either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified to be as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions;  
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
(other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(i) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(C) 
if the “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified to be as the applicable ISDA Definitions in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication– Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR  
(A) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
(B) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus

--- Page 72 ---
72 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formulas: (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
   1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × D
𝑑

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is 
specified, two TARGET Settlement Days. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(e)(B) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit“ means one cent.  
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if applicable), 
the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to 
Condition 7(e), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes 
become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions of the Notes.  
8. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 8 applies to Zero Coupon Notes only. The relevant Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of zero coupon interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notes in relation to which this Condition 8 applies and the relevant Final Terms specify as being 
applicable shall not bear interest. Where such Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date 
and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) (as defined in Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase)). As from 
the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase)).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
9. 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) or Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions), if at the time of determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or a Reference 
Rate (as applicable) a Benchmark Event occurs or has occurred and is continuing, then the following 
shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 9.(i) prior to the Reset Determination Date, then 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, falling which, an Alternative Rate for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9). 
If this subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this subparagraph (ii), the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for a term equivalent to the Reset Period or to the relevant Interest Period (as 
applicable) published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable), in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), and any Subsequent Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
subparagraph (i) of this Condition 9. 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark in relation to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 9). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the 
event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent 
Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, and (ii) the terms of 
such amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
subparagraph (vi) below, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders, vary 
these Conditions of the Notes with the date specified in such notice. Any of these changes shall 
apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 9).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any changes 
pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and will be binding on the Issuer and the 
Holders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 9, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group or to result in the partial or full exclusion of the Notes from treatment 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Group, or could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant maturity date. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). The Maturity Date of the Notes will not exceed 50 years from the Issue 
Date. 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year 
from their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required 
from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Note:  
(i) 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note (the “Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)”) upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 10(c), Condition 10(d), Condition 10(e), Condition 10(f), Condition 10(h) or 
Condition 10(i) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13 (Events

--- Page 77 ---
77 
of Default) shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such 
Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is set out in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c), Condition 10(d), Condition 10(e), Condition 
10(f), Condition 10(h) or Condition 10(i) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 13 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Zero Coupon) due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 8. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption due to a Tax Event: If a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 10(l)(Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to 
the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued and unpaid (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event: If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if a Capital Event has occurred and is 
continuing, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 10(l) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar 
days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid (if any) to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(e) 
Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event: If MREL Disqualification Event is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred 
and is continuing, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set 
out in Condition 10(l)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid (if 
any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to a MREL Disqualification 
Event only after five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted 
under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 
calendar days’ nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date for redemption) subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(l)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase). 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place after 
five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations 
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Note shall be redeemed in part in 
the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the outstanding Notes to be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Issuer Residual Call: If “Issuer Residual Call” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, and if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is equal or less of 
the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued and consolidated 
with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the 
Issuer may, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(l)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption and 
shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where “Issuer Residual Call” has been specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant this Condition 10(h)(Issuer Residual Call) 
only after five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Holders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued and unpaid to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(i), the Holder of a Note must, 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), give written notice 
to the Issuer through Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Participant, as applicable. 
In accordance with Article 63(i) of CRR I, if the Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, the Put Option shall not be specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 9(a) to 9(h) above. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(l)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase).  
(l) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase: Other than in the case of a redemption at maturity in 
accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled Redemption), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (and 
give notice thereof to the Holders) and the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes, only if 
such redemption or purchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has 
been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 10(c) (Redemption 
due a Tax Event), 10(d)(Redemption due to a Capital Event), 10(e) (Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) and 10(h)(Issuer Residual Call), the Issuer shall make available to the 
Holders at its registered office a certificate signed by two of its duly Authorised Signatories 
stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied. 
Pursuant to article 78 CRR I and with respect to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, the Competent 
Authority shall grant permission for an institution to reduce, call, redeem, repay or repurchase 
Tier 2 instruments: 
(i) 
where either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of such 
actions, exceed the requirements laid down in the CRR I, the CRD IV Directive 
and the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary. 
(ii) 
in the case of any such actions during the five years following the issue date of the Notes 
if:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(a) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i)(a) or (i)(b) above are met; and  
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the regulatory 
reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance; or 
(d) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the institution and the Competent Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(e) 
the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
Pursuant to article 78a CRR I, and with respect to Notes qualifying as Eligible Liabilities, the 
Relevant Resolution Authority shall grant permission for an institution to call, redeem, repay or 
repurchase eligible liabilities instruments where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the eligible 
liabilities instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of such 
actions, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
CRR I, the CRD IV Directive and the BRRD by a margin that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary;  
(c) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR I 
and in CRD IV Directive for continuing authorisation. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) 
will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on 
behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Participant at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on 
which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on 
the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of the dealers will 
have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of the 
Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(b) 
Payments subject to laws: Save as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), all payments in respect 
of the Notes will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment or other laws or regulations to which the Issuer is subject and 
the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations or directives. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Holders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay.  
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: All payments of interest and any other amounts 
payable in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest and, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any), the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such payments of interest and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
principal (and/or premium, if any) had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any payment 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by reason 
of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Ordinary Senior Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to the 
appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such Ordinary 
Senior Note, of a custodian, collection agent, person or entity acting on its behalf or similar 
person in relation to such Ordinary Senior Note; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Ordinary Senior Notes the 
Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information it may 
be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting requirements, as may be 
necessary to allow payments on such Ordinary Senior Notes to be made free and clear of 
withholding tax or deduction on account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including when

--- Page 82 ---
82 
the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly executed and 
completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, 
as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or 
regulation. 
(b) 
Gross up in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: All payments of 
interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest and any other amounts (excluding, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of principal or any premium), the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving the amount of interest as they would have 
received had no such withholding or deduction been required (but no additional amounts shall be 
paid in respect of payments of principal or any premium). 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any payment 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain 
other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to the 
appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, of a custodian, collection agent, person or 
entity acting on its behalf or similar person in relation to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not 
received such information it may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting 
requirements, as may be necessary to allow payments on such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes to be made free and clear of withholding tax or deduction on 
account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including when the Issuer (or an agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly executed and completed certificate, pursuant 
to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or regulation.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions of the Notes, any amounts to be paid by 
the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of 
the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof 
(“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
13. 
Events of Default  
(a) 
Events of Default relating to the Notes: 
If an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except in the case of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which 
has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Holders of the Notes; or 
(ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a 
financial institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended and restated 
and (B) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating Agency equivalent to 
or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation) and such order is continuing, then any Note may, unless 
there has been an Extraordinary Resolution to the contrary at a meeting of Holders, by written 
notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the Outstanding Principal Amount together with 
accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the date of payment shall, when permitted by applicable 
Spanish law, become immediately due and payable without further action or formality. 
If a default occurs under this Condition 13(a), claims of Holders in respect of the Notes shall rank 
as set out under Condition 4 (Status). 
Except as set out in this Condition 13(a), Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due 
and payable any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Notes.  
By its acquisition of any Note, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the taking by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority of an early intervention measure or a resolution action in respect 
of the Issuer under the Applicable Banking Regulations shall not constitute an event of default 
and Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due and payable any amounts of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Additional Events of Default 
This Condition 13(b) applies only to Ordinary Senior Notes if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and references to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then any Holder of any Note of the 
relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer declare such Note and all interest then accrued 
and unpaid on such Note to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall, when 
permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately due and payable at its Outstanding 
Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment (if any) 
without further action or formality: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for 
payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 14 
calendar days of the due date for payment thereof; or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes and such default (i) is incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default 
which is capable of remedy, remains unremedied for 30 calendar days after the relevant 
Holder has after given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court, or any 
order of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any resolution is 
passed by the Issuer to apply for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for 
the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings 
in relation to the Issuer or substantially all of its assets (unless in the case of an order for 
a temporary appointment, such appointment is discharged within 30 days); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer (except (A) in the case of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which 
has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Holders of the Notes; 
or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is 
(x) a financial institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended 
and restated and (y) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating 
Agency equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the 
Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation, or (B) where 
the Issuer otherwise continues to carry on the relevant business whether directly or 
indirectly) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of 
its business; or 
(v) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or similar official in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and is not discharged 
within 30 calendar days; or 
(vi) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Green Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green” projects as described therein (the “Green Notes Use of Proceeds 
Disclosure” and the “Green Notes”, as appropriate), no event of default shall occur or other 
claim against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect 
of, such Green Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green Notes not being used, 
any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any other step 
or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green Notes Use of Proceeds 
Disclosure. 
14. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
If this Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no Holder may at any time 
exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may 
have or acquire against such Holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all 
agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and each Holder shall 
be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in

--- Page 85 ---
85 
connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any Holder of any Note but for this Condition. 
15. 
Substitution and Variation 
If this Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a Tax Event, a MREL 
Disqualification Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, at any time, 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are substituted 
for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), subject to obtaining the 
prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable, and in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations, 
and provided that the Issuer shall have obtained a Bank’s Certificate and an Independent Financial 
Adviser Certificate (copies thereof will be available at the Issuer’s registered office during its normal 
business hours) at least 15 Business Days prior to the issue or, as appropriate, variation of the relevant 
Notes. 
Any notice provided in accordance with this Condition 15 shall be irrevocable, specify the relevant 
details of the manner in which such substitution or, as the case may be, variation shall take effect 
(including the date for substitution or variation) and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of 
the new conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or, as the case may be, variation will be effected 
without any cost or charge to the Holders. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 15, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Holders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority to 
take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Holder 
which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
16. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five years after the date on which the payment in question becomes due and payable. 
17. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 17 (Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver) will apply to all 
issuances of Notes. 
(b) 
Convening meetings 
(i) 
Meetings convened by the Issuer: The Issuer may, at any time, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by Holders holding not less than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding (the “relevant Holders”), convene a meeting of Holders.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(ii) 
Meetings convened by the Holders: If the Issuer has not delivered notice convening a 
meeting of the Holders prior to the expiry of seven clear days from the date on which the 
Issuer has received written directions from the relevant Holders to do so, the relevant 
Holders may themselves convene the meeting in place of the Issuer subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17, provided however that, in such 
circumstances all references to the performance by the Issuer of a particular obligation in 
this Condition 17, or the delivery by the Issuer of any notice in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), shall be deemed to be a reference to the performance by the relevant Holders 
of such obligation and/or the delivery of such notice. Any costs and expenses incurred by 
the relevant Holders as a result of, in connection with or related to the convening by them 
of a meeting of the Holders in such circumstances shall be for the account of the Issuer 
and shall be promptly paid by the Issuer to the account designated for such purpose in 
writing by the relevant Holders upon presentation of receipts, invoices or other 
documentary evidence of such costs. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no refusal or failure by the Issuer to convene a meeting of 
the Holders when so directed by the relevant Holders shall give rise to any right by any 
Holder to declare any principal amounts or interest in respect of the Notes immediately 
due and payable. 
(c) 
Procedures for convening meetings: At least 21 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which 
need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a 
videoconference platform), day and hour of the meeting shall be given to the Holders in the 
manner provided in Condition 19 (Notices).  
The notice, which shall be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business 
to be transacted at the meeting and, where the meeting has been convened to vote on any matter 
requiring the approval of the Holders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall specify 
the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed. This notice shall include information 
as to the manner in which Holders are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting. 
If the meeting has been convened by the relevant Holders in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 17(b)(ii)(Convening meetings — Meetings convened by the Holders), a copy of the 
notice shall also be sent by certified post to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Chairperson: The person (who may be, but need not be, a Holder) nominated in writing by the 
Issuer shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting (the “Chairperson”) but if no nomination 
is made or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting, the Holders present shall choose one of their number to be 
Chairperson, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson. The Chairperson of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which 
the adjournment took place. 
(e) 
Quorums 
(i) 
Regular Quorum: At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 5% in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business, and no business (other than the 
choosing of a Chairperson in accordance with Condition 17(d) (Chairperson)) shall be 
transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of 
business.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(ii) 
Extraordinary Quorum: The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50% in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. 
(iii) 
Enhanced Quorum: At any meeting the business of which includes any of the following 
matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved 
by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
a reduction or cancellation of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding; or 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable or modification of the Interest Payment Dates 
or variation of the method of calculating the Rate of Interest; or 
(C) 
a modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; 
or 
(D) 
a modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(E) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 17(i)(iii)(F) 
below; or 
(F) 
alteration of this proviso 16(e)(iii) or the proviso to Condition 17(f)(i) below,  
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(f) 
Adjourned Meeting 
(i) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if 
convened by Holders or if the Issuer was required by Holders to convene such meeting 
pursuant to Condition 17(b)(Convening meetings), be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that day is not a Business Day the 
next following Business Day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting 
at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall be adjourned 
for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days and at a place 
appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Issuer).  
Otherwise, at least 7 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which need not be a physical 
place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference 
or electronic platform), day and hour of the adjourned meeting, and otherwise given in 
accordance with Condition 17(c) (Procedures for convening meetings) shall be given to 
the Holders in the manner provided in Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice may be given 
at the same time as the notice convening the original meeting). 
(ii) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present 
for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may 
either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being 
(A) 
for any matter other than to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days); or 
(B) 
for any matter requiring approval by an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days nor more than 42 clear days, 
and in either case to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after the 
adjourned meeting) and approved by the Issuer, and the provisions of this sentence shall 
apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(iii) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding so held or represented by them) shall 
(subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have 
power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all 
matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present, provided that at any 
adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters specified in the 
proviso to Condition 17(e)(iii) (Quorums —Enhanced Quorum) the quorum shall be one 
or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
one-third in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(g) 
Right to attend and vote 
(i) 
The provisions governing the manner in which Holders may attend and vote at a meeting 
of the Holders must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a meeting. 
(ii) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the definition of 
“outstanding”, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be 
entitled to vote at any meeting of the Holders or join with others in requiring the convening 
of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person. 
(iii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 17(g)(ii) at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each Note. 
(h) 
Holding of meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of 
hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of hands 
and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may 
be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of 
hands) demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present 
(whatever the principal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairperson 
that a resolution has been carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a

--- Page 89 ---
89 
particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number 
or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 17(h)(ii) if at any meeting a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in the 
manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of 
the meeting at which the poll was demanded as of the date of the taking of the poll. The 
demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of 
any business other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn 
the meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at 
any adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for lack of required 
quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(i) 
Approval of the resolutions 
(i) 
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held shall be binding 
upon all the Holders whether present or not present at the meeting and whether or not 
voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly and the 
passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its 
passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly considered by the Holders 
shall be published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) by the Issuer within 14 days 
of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
(ii) 
The expression “Extraordinary Resolution” when used in this Condition 17 means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 17 by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the 
persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, 
by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll. 
(iii) 
A meeting of the Holders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
the quorum contained in Conditions 17(e)(ii) and 17(e)(iii), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between 
the Issuer and the Holders; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Holders against the Issuer or against any of its property 
whether these rights arise under these Conditions of the Notes or the Notes or 
otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in these Conditions 
of the Notes or the Notes which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this 
Condition 17 or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Holders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Holders and to confer upon any

--- Page 90 ---
90 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Holders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to agree with the Issuer or any substitute, the substitution of any entity in 
place of the Issuer (or any substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes;  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 17(i)(i), to be passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17, a resolution (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the resolution 
upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes given on 
the poll. 
(v) 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of any 
amendments determined pursuant to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(j) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly 
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any 
minutes signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or 
proceedings had transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them 
and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which 
minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings had transpired at the meeting to have been duly passed 
or had. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day 
on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(iii) 
Any modification or waiver of the Conditions of the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 17 will be effected in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
conditional upon any prior approval from the Competent Authority, to the extent required 
thereunder. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, but subject to any Supervisory 
Permission (if required), create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with 
the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed and/or admitted to trading. 
If the Notes are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer shall 
ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement of inside information (comunicación de información privilegiada) or of other relevant 
information (comunicación de otra información relevante) to be filed with the CNMV and to be 
published at the CNMV’s official website at www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be 
published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín de Cotización de AIAF).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Notes are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to Holders shall 
be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
20. 
Loss absorbing power 
Acknowledgement: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the Holders, by its subscription and/or 
purchase and holding of the Notes, each Holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 20 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(a) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the 
Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Loss Absorbing 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, 
converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(b) 
Notice to Holders: Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Holders 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. No failure or delay 
by the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Holders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  
(c) 
Proration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect 
to less than the total Amounts Due, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis, unless the 
Relevant Resolution Authority instructs otherwise. 
(d) 
Condition Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 20 shall be exhaustive on the 
foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Holder. 
(e) 
No Event of Default: None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer or the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an 
event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle 
the Holders to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común 
española). 
(b) 
Spanish courts:  
Each of the Issuer and any Holder submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in 
particular, to the venue of the city of Madrid, Spain, in relation to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 93 ---
93 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II“); or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor“) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)//distributor] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either

--- Page 94 ---
94 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [●] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Notes (the 
“Conditions of the Notes”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] [●] 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer ([●]) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es).  
[For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in the Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.] 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] 
on [[•]/the Issue Date]]. 
3.  
Specified Currency:  
[EUR] 
4.  
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(a) Series: 
[•]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Number of Notes: 
[•] 
 
(a) Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[•] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[•]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus 
accrued and unpaid interest from [•] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6.  
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [•]] 
7.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum denomination 
of less than EUR100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
8.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[•] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[[•] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [•] (for Floating Rate 
Notes)] 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] / [[•][•] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–] [•]% 
Floating Rate] / Reset Notes / [[•]% Fixed Rate to 
[•][•][EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate] / 
[[•][•][EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–] [•]% Floating Rate to [•]% 
Fixed Rate] / [[•]% Fixed Rate to Reset] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [18/19/20] below) 
11.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [•]/[100]% 
of their Outstanding Principal Amount. 
12.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating rate, Floating to 
Fixed rate of Fixed to Reset rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 18, 19 or 20 below and identify there / Not 
Applicable] 
13.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]  
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call – Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [21/22] below)]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
14.  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes / Senior Notes – Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes] / [Subordinated Notes - Senior 
Subordinated Notes / Subordinated Notes - Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes] 
15.  
Date relevant approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
16.  
Gross-up in respect of principal 
and any premium (pursuant to 
Condition 12(a)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes and include 
“Applicable” only if such Notes are not intended to qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments) (Include “Not Applicable” for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long Interest 
Period 
(“Broken 
Amount(s)”): 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
18.  
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•]% per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][•]% per annum / Not Applicable

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•][and [•]] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date:  
[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
date falling [in/on] [•] / Not Applicable 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•]  
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [•]  
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] [and [•]]  
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
 
(xvi) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date: 
[•] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions of the Notes 
apply 
 
(xvii) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(xviii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(xix) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(xx) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xxi) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(xxii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(xxiii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(xxiv) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
19.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR / €STR]  
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
p:  
[2 / [•] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [•] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [•]] 
(In case of EURIBOR, the second day on which TARGET2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period)

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Appplicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•]% per annum 
 
(xiiii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[•]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
20.  Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
[•]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21.  
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[•] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Period (call): 
[[•]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [•]/[in 
the period from and including [date]] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
22.  
Redemption due to a Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 10(d) apply 
23.  
Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 10(e) apply 
24.  
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
25.  
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Residual Percentage: 
[[20] per cent. / [•] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
26.  
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each 
Note and method, if any, 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / [•]]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
27.  
Notice period: 
[•] 
28.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
[Par / [•] per Calculation Amount] 
29.  
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[Par / [•] per Calculation Amount / [•]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable /give details]. 
 
31.  
Waiver of set-off rights 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32.  
Substitution and Variation:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33.  
Additional 
Events 
of 
Default 
(Ordinary Senior Notes): 
[Condition 13(b) is applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of Unicaja Banco, S.A.: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Date:

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [AIAF / other stock exchange or market 
(either Spanish, European or non-European, including 
regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any other 
organised markets)] [within 30 days following the Issue Date 
/ Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and

--- Page 105 ---
105 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination Agent] and those that 
may eventually payable to any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
Notwithstanding the above, [any of] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial 
Adviser (should one be eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination 
Agent] and any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests (including when the Issuer, 
any member of the Group or any dealer or any member of their groups acts as Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent))] 
4.  
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
6.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the 
Base Prospectus has been 
communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
7.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus. [The Notes 
are expected to be eligible for MREL] [The Notes are intended 
to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer for the purposes of 
Applicable Banking Regulations] / Other (if reasons for the 
offer are different from general financial requirements and 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will need 
to be stated here) / [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
[Green Notes] and an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the Notes will be used as described in 
paragraph (b) of the section headed “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Base Prospectus (in case it is specified Green Notes, the 
following wording shall be inserted: 
“Investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular the risk factor entitled “Notes issued as “Green 
Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria”.)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer: 
(a) for the general financing requirements of the Group; or  
(b) to the financing and/or refinancing, in full or in part, of new and/or existing loans, investments or projects 
that meet the eligibility criteria outlined in the Green Bond Framework (the “Green Eligible Projects”) 
(such Notes being referred to as “Green Notes” in the relevant Final Terms). According to the Green Bond 
Framework, the net proceeds will only be used to finance or refinance Green Eligible Projects initiated no 
more than three years before the Issue Date of the relevant Green Notes.  
The proceeds obtained through the issue of the relevant Green Notes under the Programme will be subject 
to detailed control by the Issuer through their inclusion in a specific data base for monitoring their evolution. 
Under this monitoring process, any project attached to the issuance of any Green Note that no longer meets 
the requirements to be considered a Green Eligible Project, will be replaced for any other project meeting 
the eligibility criteria within a maximum period of 12 months.  
The Issuer will report annually on (i) the allocation of proceeds obtained from the relevant Green Notes 
until the maturity of such Notes; and (ii) the environmental impact of the relevant projects at the category 
level. This report will be updated in the event of any material change affecting the Green Eligible Projects. 
The 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes). The Bank 
has appointed DNV.GL to provide an independent second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on 
the Green Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion has confirmed the alignment of the Green Bond 
Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles. The Second Party Opinion is available on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-
verdes). 
The Issuer intends to request from an external auditor, or other third party, on an annual basis, until all the 
proceeds of any Green Notes issued under the Green Bond Framework have been allocated and if necessary, 
in the event of new developments, an assurance report confirming that an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of any Green Notes issued under the Framework has been allocated in compliance with all material respects 
of the criteria set forth in the Green Bond Framework. 
Prior to any investment in Green Notes, investors are advised to consult the Green Bond Framework. 
Furthermore, investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Notes issued 
as “Green Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable 
for an investor’s investment criteria”.  
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be eligible for MREL when the conditions set forth in Article 72b 
of the CRR I and Article 45b of the BRRD are met. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and development 
Unicaja Banco is a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima) incorporated under the laws of Spain 
with the status of a bank. As a financial institution, the Issuer is also subject to special banking legislation and 
related regulations in respect of the management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions, in particular, 
Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, which implements Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 
84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión 
y solvencia de entidades de crédito), and is subject to the supervision, control and regulation of the Bank of 
Spain (Banco de España) and the ECB under the supervision system created by the single supervisory 
mechanism (“SSM”).  
Unicaja Banco is also subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de 
Capital aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio) and the Spanish Securities Market Law, 
Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, on the legal regime for investment services companies and other 
entities providing investment services (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de 
las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) and further 
implementing legislation.  
The Issuer was incorporated on 1 December 2011 for an indefinite term by means of the public deed executed 
before the Notary Public of Málaga Mr. Federico Pérez Padilla García, under number 7,088 of his records, and 
is registered with the Commercial Registry of Málaga, in volume 4952, book 3859, section 8, page no. 111580, 
sheet 1. In addition, the Issuer is registered with the Register of Banks and Bankers of the Bank of Spain, under 
number 2103. The Bank’s tax identification number is A-93139053 and its LEI code is 
5493007SJLLCTM6J6M37. 
The legal name of the Issuer is Unicaja Banco, S.A. The Group operates under the commercial name “Unicaja 
Banco”. 
The Issuer has its registered office in Avenida de Andalucía 10-12, 29007, Málaga, Spain. Its telephone number 
is +34952138000 and its corporate website is “www.unicajabanco.com” (the information on the corporate 
website of the Issuer does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus). 
Unicaja Banco’s corporate purpose consists of all types of general banking activities, transactions, actions, 
contracts and services including those that are directly or indirectly related or are supplementary to them 
provided that they are permitted or not prohibited by law. Its corporate purpose also includes the rendering of 
investment and other auxiliary services, as well as the rendering of insurance agency activities, as an exclusive 
or associated operator, but not simultaneously. 
The history of the Issuer spans over more than 130 years, with the foundation of Caja de Ahorros y Monte de 
Piedad de Cádiz in 1884 as a starting point. Subsequently, Monte de Piedad y Caja de Ahorros de Almería, Caja 
de Ahorros y Préstamos de Antequera, Monte de Piedad y Caja de Ahorros de Ronda and Caja de Ahorros 
Provincial de Málaga were created between 1900 and 1949. Those savings banks were founded with the aim of 
stimulating the economies of their regions, with a special focus on the agricultural, fishing and tourist sectors 
as well as retail mortgages. Additionally, they were committed to pursuing social welfare projects aimed at 
developing their regions. In 1991, Monte de Piedad y Caja de Ahorros de Ronda, Cádiz, Almería, Málaga y 
Antequera (“Unicaja”) was founded as a result of a five-way merger of these Spanish local savings banks. 
In the 1990s, while the largest Spanish commercial banks focused on their international expansion, savings 
banks significantly expanded across the country pursuant to Royal Decree 1582/1988, of 29 December, on 
expansion of deposit entities (Real Decreto 1582/1988 de 29 de diciembre, de modificación del Real Decreto

--- Page 109 ---
109 
1370/1985, en materia de expansión de entidades de depósito) which allowed savings banks to open branches 
beyond their historical home territories. In this context, Unicaja maintained a prudent and focused growth 
strategy avoiding aggressively entering new markets. In 2010, Caja Provincial de Ahorros de Jaén, the leading 
entity in its province, merged into Unicaja. 
In December 2011, pursuant to the enactment of Royal Decree-Law 11/2010, of 9 July, on governing bodies 
and other aspects of the legal regime for savings banks (Real Decreto-ley 11/2010, de 9 de julio, de órganos de 
gobierno y otros aspectos del régimen jurídico de las cajas de ahorros), which allowed Spanish savings banks 
to indirectly conduct financial activities through commercial banks, Unicaja segregated and transferred all of 
its banking activities to a newly-created public limited company (sociedad anónima) named Unicaja Banco, 
S.A.U. 
In October 2014, Unicaja was transformed into a banking foundation (Fundación Bancaria Unicaja, the 
“Unicaja Banking Foundation”) pursuant to Law 26/2013, of 27 December, on savings banks and banking 
foundations (Ley 26/2013, de 27 de diciembre, de cajas de ahorros y fundaciones bancarias). Since then, the 
Unicaja Banking Foundation has been and continues to be the Issuer’s principal shareholder, with a 30.2% 
shareholding as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Unicaja Banking Foundation manages the budget of 
the Social Welfare Fund (Obra Social) activities in Andalucía. Additionally, the Unicaja Banking Foundation 
holds the rights to the “Unicaja” brand and allows Unicaja Banco the use of such brand. The management of 
the Unicaja Banking Foundation’s stake in the Group is regulated by the Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol 
(Protocolo de gestión de la participación financiera de la Fundación Bancaria Unicaja en Unicaja Banco) (the 
“Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol”), prepared by the governing body (Patronato) of the Unicaja 
Banking Foundation and approved by the Bank of Spain, which mainly addresses general aims and guidelines, 
brand utilization, the appointment of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, conflicts of interests 
and intra-group services. 
Merger by absorption of EspañaDuero by Unicaja Banco  
On 28 March 2014, Unicaja Banco acquired control of Banco de Caja de España de Inversiones, Salamanca y 
Soria, S.A. (“EspañaDuero”) through an exchange offer of shares, mandatory contingent convertible bonds 
and perpetual contingent convertible bonds in Unicaja Banco, to be subscribed for by holders of shares and 
mandatory contingent convertible bonds in EspañaDuero. The acquisition was framed by the term sheet for 
EspañaDuero’s restructuring plan. The prospectus in relation to the offer was approved by the CNMV on 26 
November 2013. 
After all the commitments in EspañaDuero’s restructuring plan were fulfilled and, in particular, the repayment, 
on 31 August 2017, of the assistance received and repayable, on 21 September 2018 the merger by absorption 
of EspañaDuero by Unicaja Banco took place. 
The two structures were then fully integrated and combined, which was the culmination of the process of 
merging the two institutions which began through the acquisition of EspañaDuero by the Group in 2014. 
Admission to trading of Unicaja Banco 
In the framework of the bid for EspañaDuero, Unicaja Banco announced its intention to apply for the admission 
to trading of its ordinary shares to the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia stock exchanges (the “Spanish 
Stock Exchanges”) and quoted on the Automated Quotation System (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil, 
S.I.B.E.). 
Within the bookbuilding process with domestic and international investors, the demand for the shares was fully 
covered (in the initial amount and for the shares corresponding to the green-shoe option) and on 29 June 2017 
the Issuer carried out an issue of new shares for a nominal amount of €625 million and the Bank’s shares were 
admitted to trading on the Spanish Stock Exchanges on 30 June 2017.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
On 25 July 2017, Unicaja Banco carried out the share capital increase corresponding to the green-shoe option 
granted to the IPO stabilisation agent. As a result, Unicaja Banco had a share capital for a total of 
€1,610,302,121 divided into 1,610,302,121 registered shares each with a nominal value of one euro. 
Merger by absorption of Liberbank by Unicaja Banco 
On 29 December 2020, the Boards of Directors of Unicaja Banco and Liberbank approved the joint merger plan 
for the merger of Liberbank (absorbed company) into Unicaja Banco (absorbing company). 
The merger plan was approved by the extraordinary shareholders’ meetings of Unicaja Banco and Liberbank 
held in March 2021 by more than 99% of share capital in both cases, with a quorum of more than 74.7% in the 
case of Unicaja Banco, and more than 55.8% in the case of Liberbank. 
After obtaining the required authorisations, the Merger was registered with the Commercial Registry of Málaga 
on 30 July 2021 and, thus, became effective as of that date, and Unicaja Banco acquired, by universal 
succession, all the rights and obligations of Liberbank. As a result thereof, this was the last day Liberbank’s 
shares were traded on Spanish Stock Exchanges before being exchanged for Unicaja Banco shares. 
Unicaja Banco covered the Merger exchange ratio by delivering to Liberbank’s shareholders one new-issue 
ordinary share for every 2.7705 shares of Liberbank with a nominal value of one euro. Unicaja Banco increased 
its share capital by issuing 1,075,072,455 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of one euro each, for 
distribution to Liberbank’s shareholders, that started trading on the Spanish Stock Exchanges on 2 August 2021. 
As a result thereof, Unicaja Banco’s share capital was represented by 2,654,833,479 shares, each of a nominal 
value of one euro, belonging to the same class and series.  
Recent Developments 
Alliance agreement between Santa Lucía and Unicaja Banco  
On 23 May 2022, Unicaja Banco and Santa Lucía, S.A. (“Santa Lucía”) reached an agreement to extend its 
joint alliance under the bancassurance regime in the life, risk, savings, accidents and pension plans sectors. 
Pursuant to the terms of this agreement, Santa Lucía will acquire 50% plus one of the shares of both CCM Vida 
y Pensiones de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. (“CCM Vida y Pensiones”) and Liberbank Vida y Pensiones, 
Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. (“Liberbank Vida y Pensiones”) while Unicaja Banco will retain the remaining 
share capital of both entities.  
Under the agreement, Unicaja Banco will receive as consideration €318 million (subject to any adjustments that 
may be made once the transaction is closed) and may obtain a future consideration of up to €40 million if certain 
objectives are achieved during the 10 years following the date of the agreement. Once the transaction is closed, 
it is expected to have a positive impact of around 20 basis points (of which 10 basis points will have an 
immediate impact on the Group’s income statements and another 10 basis point will have an impact on the 
Group’s future income statements) on the CET1 capital of Unicaja Banco disregarding the future consideration.  
The effectiveness of the agreement is subject to (i) the obtention the corresponding relevant regulatory 
authorizations; and (ii) the termination of the partnership agreements entered into with Mapfre, S.A. 
(“Mapfre”) and Aegon España, S.A.U. de Seguros y Reaseguros (“Aegon”) (for further information see 
“Disintermediation products –Insurance products and pension funds”). 
Business overview 
The Group carries out its business exclusively in Spain and mainly in the Home Regions. Other areas where 
the Group is present include the autonomous region of Madrid, Murcia, the provinces of Alicante, Barcelona 
and Valencia and the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had total assets of €115,550 million (€65,544.3 million as of 31 December 
2020) and was the fifth largest Spanish listed bank by assets (as per Spanish Confederation of Savings Banks 
(CECA) and Spanish Banks Association (AEB) reported figures). As of 31 December 2021, the Group served 
around 3 million individuals and 580 thousand SMEs, corporate customers and self-employed persons with a 
primary focus on its Home Regions where the Group is a leading player, with market shares of 9.7% in terms 
of loans and 12.7% in terms of deposits in Andalucía, 25.5% in terms of loans and 31.6% in terms of deposits 
in Asturias, 25.4% in terms of loans and 25.9% in terms of deposits in Cantabria, 15.4% in terms of loans and 
20.9% in terms of deposits in Castilla-La Mancha, 12.1% in terms of loans and 22% in terms of deposits in 
Castilla y León and 16.2% in terms of loans and 25.1% in terms of deposits in Extremadura as of 31 December 
2021 (Source: Bank of Spain and Bank estimates as of 31 December 2021).  
The Group offers a comprehensive range of retail banking products and services, with a special focus on primary 
residence mortgages, current accounts, term deposits and low-risk off-balance sheet products (mutual funds and 
life savings).  
Operations and activities 
Commercial Banking 
The Group’s commercial banking business provides banking and related financial services to retail customers 
and corporates. Commercial banking remains the Group’s principal line of business, generating the predominant 
portion of its gross income. 
Customers 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had a total of 3.5 million customers, of which 3 million (83.6% of total 
customers) were retail customers (individuals) and 580 thousand (16.4% of total customers) were corporate and 
business customers. The Group’s commercial strategy is based on a segmentation of different types of 
customers, to whom the Group offers products and services through different distribution channels, with a 
tailored customer service and value proposal in line with the financial needs that the Group has identified for 
each customer type. 
The Group’s customer segmentation is primarily based on the different financial needs of individuals throughout 
their life cycle as well as their occupation. The following table sets forth certain information in relation to the 
Group’s customer segmentation as of 31 December 2021:  
 
Number of 
customers 
 
Weight 
(thousand) 
(%) 
Retail customers 
 
Private banking customers .......................................................................... 
19.1 
 
0.5% 
Personal banking customers ........................................................................ 
326.9 
 
9.2% 
Mass retail customers .................................................................................. 
2,619.8 
 
73.9% 
Corporate and business customers 
 
 
 
Large corporates and public administration(1) ............................................. 
10.5 
 
0.3% 
SMEs(2) ........................................................................................................ 
32 
 
0.9% 
Self-employed, small businesses and others(3) ............................................ 
537.6 
 
15.2% 
Notes:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Number of 
customers 
 
Weight 
(thousand) 
(%) 
(1) 
Refers to customers with annual revenues exceeding €60 million (€150 million for Madrid-based customers). 
(2) 
Refers to customers with annual revenues between €6 million and €60 million (€150 million for Madrid-based 
customers). 
(3) 
Refers to customers with annual revenues up to €6 million.  
Source: Bank data as of 31 December 2021 
The commercial banking business of the Group is customer-centered. The Group’s objective is to attract and 
retain customers, offer increased value and enhanced customer care, bolstered by the segmentation of the 
Group’s customer base and broad distribution network. Within the commercial banking business, the Group has 
developed a specialized offering for each targeted customer segment. 
• 
Professional associations 
The Group offers banking and related financial services to a number of selected professional 
associations. In addition, due to the agreements with such associations, the Group is able to offer 
products and services to their members that are adapted to their specific needs, thereby attracting new 
private and personal banking customers. 
As of 31 December 2021, Unicaja (excluding Liberbank) had agreements with 70 professional 
associations with more than 414.5 thousand members, including the Business Association of Andalucía 
(Confederación de Empresarios de Andalucía). 
• 
Private banking 
The private banking unit of the Group targets individuals with funds under management in excess of 
€300,000 who have more specialized needs and investor profiles. The Group aims to offer personalized 
and highly sophisticated banking advice for each account. The Group managed private banking assets 
amounting to €9,477 million as of 31 December 2021. 
• 
Personal banking 
The personal banking unit of the Group targets individuals who are in a position to fund an account with 
between €60,000 and €300,000, who are not private banking customers. The Group offers personalized 
banking advice for each account, specialist support and a wide range of value-added financial products. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 327 thousand personal banking customers and held 
approximately €38,218 million in deposits and €1,980 million of loans outstanding in connection with 
the Group’s personal banking unit. 
• 
Corporate banking 
The Group has implemented a service model for corporations and large and medium-sized companies 
adapted to each segment’s financial needs and performance. The key elements of this service model are 
commercial proactiveness, reliability and operational quality, with the aim of offering comprehensive 
solutions to such corporate customers. In the interest of fostering greater knowledge of the Group’s 
customers’ characteristics, needs and potential, the Group’s specialized managers advise customers in 
accordance with both their size (corporate or large or medium-sized enterprise) and their sector of 
activity.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
The account managers are responsible for homogeneous segments of the unit’s customers, so as to offer 
customer-specific management and business analysis solutions. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 1.7 thousand corporate banking customers and held 
approximately €7,903 million in deposits and €8,841 million of loans outstanding in connection with its 
corporate banking unit. 
• 
Enterprise banking 
The enterprise banking unit of the Group offers services comparable to those of the personal banking 
unit to SMEs, public sector and non-profit institutions, as well as self-employed persons. The Group 
adapts the services on offer to each type of customer within this category through specialized directors, 
managers and bankers in order to develop long-term relationships and to provide the customer with more 
in-depth, specialist knowledge. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 481 thousand enterprise banking customers (of which SMEs 
represented 13% and self-employed persons accounted for 59%) and held approximately €20,824 
million in deposits and €15,350 million of loans outstanding in connection with its enterprise banking 
unit. 
• 
Agricultural banking 
The agricultural banking unit of the Group targets individual farmers and small legal entities that focus 
on agricultural and agro-food activities, as well as members of agrarian cooperatives and other agrarian 
associations. This category of customer generally has significant income-generating potential and good 
credit quality. Additionally, agriculture is an important sector in the Group’s Home Regions. As such, 
agricultural banking is a strategically important part of the Group’s business. 
Furthermore, as of 31 December 2021, the Group managed more than 79,900 agricultural grants received 
from the EU, which is equivalent to about 12.7% of the market share in Andalucía, 21.6% in Castilla y 
León, 24.1% in Castilla La Mancha and 21.6% in Extremadura, according to the Spanish Agricultural 
Guarantee Fund (Fondo Español de Garantía Agraria), a department of the Ministry of Agriculture, 
Fishing and Food (Ministerio de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentación). These grants represent a significant 
portion of income for the Group’s agricultural banking customers. 
In order to provide customers with specialized solutions to support and develop their business in rural 
areas, the Group’s specialist managers develop relationships and work closely with these customers. As 
of 31 December 2021, the agricultural banking unit had 125 thousand customers and held approximately 
€4,769 million in deposits and €2,527 million of outstanding loans.  
• 
International banking 
The international banking unit of the Group specializes in customers that have cross-border needs. The 
Group’s managers and bankers are qualified in international business and seek to help Spanish 
businesses expand their businesses abroad.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had one representative office in London and another one in Mexico 
to help service the international banking customers. 
Banking products  
The Group offers a broad range of banking financial products and services, including mortgage loans, personal 
loans and deposits.  
• 
Mortgage loans

--- Page 114 ---
114 
The Group offers a variety of solutions to customers who wish to finance the purchase of property with 
a secured mortgage. The Group offers mortgage products that are tailored to the Group’s individual 
customers’ circumstances and requirements, including fixed rate, floating rate and mixed rate mortgage 
loans. The Group differentiates between mortgage loans based on the maturity period as well as the type 
of property being mortgaged. The mortgage loans the Group offers are subject to specific conditions, 
including the condition that the sum of the age of the customer and the maturity period of the loan cannot 
be higher than 70 years. 
• 
Personal loans 
The Group offers personal loan products to qualifying customers that are typically for an amount (for 
retail customers) of €42,000 or less with a term of 8 or fewer years. The terms and interest provisions of 
the Group’s personal loan products are specifically tailored to each individual customer’s circumstances 
and the specific need that the loan addresses, including whether it is a household need or the personal 
financing of a business. 
• 
Secured loans 
Secured loans are based on a security interest, whereby the loan is guaranteed by cash, valuables or 
assets other than real property. The terms and interest provisions of secured loans depend on the type of 
the security interest, the amount of the loan and the term of the loan. The typical term for these operations 
is up to three years. 
• 
Credit facilities 
The Group provides credit facility products to companies who wish to have access to short-term liquidity 
and pay interest on the basis of available capital. The Group tailors the credit facility products to the 
Group’s customers’ business needs, which vary based on the customers’ particular industry. The typical 
term for these transactions is up to one year, with the possibility of renewal in certain cases. 
• 
Other specialized corporate products 
The Group offers other corporate products such as discounting facilities and certificates. In addition, the 
Group offers confirming, leasing, renting and factoring services (these last two are provided by third-
party companies with which we have agreements). 
• 
Current and savings accounts 
The Group offers a broad range of current account products to the Group’s customers that feature, among 
other things, automated cash machine (“ATM”) access, checks, connected debit and credit card 
transactions, cash transfer and direct debit options. The deposits, in euro or other currencies, are flexible 
and immediately available. 
• 
Term deposits 
These deposits, in euro or other currencies and made for a determined term, offer an interest-based 
income that varies depending on the term. The amount of the deposit together with the term, which can 
be from one day to five years or longer, affects the amount of interest received by the customer on the 
deposit. The income can be constituted in different ways, including at a growing interest rate, early 
interest, payment at the end of the term or connected to certain market indices. The customer can choose 
whether to manage the transaction in one of our branches or over the internet.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Distribution channels 
The branch network of the Group provides the foundation for its commercial banking business. The Group has 
also developed a range of alternate distribution channels to improve its customer service and increase efficiency. 
• 
Branch network 
The Group’s branch network is the core of the commercial banking business. The Group offers a full 
range of services through the branch network. As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 1,369 branches 
in 39 Spanish provinces, in two autonomous cities (Ceuta and Melilla), one representative office in 
London and one representative office in Mexico. 99.8% of the Group’s branches are located in the Home 
Regions.  
The geographical distribution of the Group’s branches as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 was as follows:  
 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
Number   
% 
 
Number   
% 
 
Andalucía ....................................................  
411
30.0%
466 
49.1% 
Aragón .........................................................  
2
0.1%
1 
0.1% 
Principado de Asturias ................................  
109
8%
3 
0.3% 
Cantabria .....................................................  
74
5.4%
1 
0.1% 
Castilla y León ............................................  
225
16.4%
316 
33.3% 
Castilla La Mancha .....................................  
268
19.6%
46 
4.8% 
Cataluña ......................................................  
9
0.7%
1 
0.1% 
Ceuta ...........................................................  
1
0.1%
1 
0.1% 
Comunidad Valenciana ...............................  
11
0.8%
2 
0.2% 
Extremadura ................................................  
142
10.4%
40 
4.2% 
Galicia .........................................................  
10
0.7%
6 
0.6% 
La Rioja .......................................................  
1
0.1%
1 
0.1% 
Madrid .........................................................  
93
6.8%
59 
6.2% 
Melilla .........................................................  
3
0.2%
3 
0.3% 
Murcia .........................................................  
4
0.3%
1 
0.1% 
Navarra ........................................................  
1
0.1%
1 
0.1% 
País Vasco ...................................................  
4
0.3%
1 
0.1% 
Spain ...........................................................  
1,368
99.9%
949 
99.9% 
United Kingdom ........................................  
1
0.1%
1 
0.1% 
London .......................................  
1
100.0%
1 
100.0% 
Total ...........................................................  
1,369
100.0%
950 
100% 
 
The geographical distribution of Liberbank’s branches as of 31 December 2020 was as follows:  
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Number  
 
% 
 
Andalucía ................................................................................. 
4
0.7% 
Aragón ...................................................................................... 
1
0.2% 
Principado de Asturias ............................................................. 
106
18.4% 
Cantabria .................................................................................. 
73
12.7% 
Castilla y León ......................................................................... 
5
0.9%

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Number  
 
% 
 
Castilla La Mancha .................................................................. 
222
38.6% 
Cataluña ................................................................................... 
8
1.4% 
Ceuta ........................................................................................ 
0
0% 
Comunidad Valenciana ............................................................ 
9
1.6% 
Extremadura ............................................................................. 
103
17.9% 
Galicia ...................................................................................... 
4
0.7% 
La Rioja .................................................................................... 
0
0% 
Madrid ...................................................................................... 
34
5.9% 
Melilla ...................................................................................... 
0
0% 
Murcia ...................................................................................... 
3
0.5% 
Navarra ..................................................................................... 
0
0% 
País Vasco ................................................................................ 
3
0.5% 
Total ........................................................................................ 
575
100% 
• 
Internet banking 
The Group offers a wide range of online services to the Group’s customers through the online and 
smartphone platforms. Through the Group’s internet banking platform, customers can, among other 
things, access balance information, pay bills and transfer funds.  
• 
Telephone banking 
The Group also offers to customers the choice to carry out banking transactions over the phone. This 
includes transferring balances, checking balances and paying bills, all without having to go to a branch. 
• 
ATMs 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 2,679 ATMs in Spain, all of which are part of the “Euro 6000” 
ATM network. In addition to the normal functions available at ATMs, certain of the Group’s ATMs allow 
customers to buy tickets for shows, pay taxes, transfer money, and recharge pay-as-you-go mobile phone 
cards amongst other capabilities. 
Disintermediation products 
The Group offers a variety of disintermediation products such as investment funds, insurance products, pension 
funds and other transactional services, with the aim of diversifying its business and expanding its customer 
base. These products are managed mostly by the Bank’s subsidiaries and, in certain cases, by third parties. 
• 
Investment funds 
The Group offers investment fund products of Unigest, S.G.I.I.C., S.A., (“Unigest”) and Liberbank 
Gestión, S.A., (“Liberbank Gestión”) both Group’s subsidiaries. They also commercialize third-party 
products of Imantia Capital, S.G.I.I.C., S.A. (“Imantia Capital”) and JP Morgan. Unigest and Liberbank 
Gestión mainly manage the investment funds and the investment variable capital companies (sociedades 
de inversión de capital variable, SICAVs) that are under the Group’s control. 
Due to the options available through Unigest and Liberbank Gestión, as well as their partnerships Imantia 
Capital and JP Morgan, the Group offers a wide range of investments which can be adapted to the 
requirements of each customer. The Group offers these services from the Bank’s branches, but the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
complementary, recurrent activities such as consulting investment funds and other operations can be 
carried out through the Group’s internet and telephone banking platforms. 
The Group’s mutual funds market share by off-balance sheet customer funds was 3.9% as of 31 
December 2021 (2% and 1.2% as of 31 December 2020 for the Group and Liberbank, respectively) 
(Source: Inverco).  
• 
Insurance products and pension funds 
The Group offers insurance products that are adjusted to the particular conditions of each customer, with 
a range of alternative possibilities to cover various circumstances that may affect them personally, their 
property or their employment. 
The insurance business operates through two channels (i) insurance companies (the Group has a relevant 
stake in four life insurance and pension funds companies (CCM Vida y Pensiones, Liberbank Vida y 
Pensiones, Unicorp Vida and Unión del Duero Vida)); and (ii) two insurance distribution, both with 
Caser Grupo Asegurador. 
The life insurance and pension funds companies are the following:  
- 
CCM Vida y Pensiones (50% stake): on which a partnership agreement was entered into with 
Mapfre on an exclusivity basis for the development, joint marketing and distribution under the 
bancassurance regime of life insurance and pension plans in the region of Castilla La-Mancha 
(formerly, Caja Castilla La-Mancha retail network).  
- 
Liberbank Vida y Pensiones (50% stake): on which a partnership agreement was entered into with 
Aegon on an exclusivity basis for the development, joint marketing and distribution under the 
bancassurance regime of life insurance and pension plans in the regions of Asturias, Cantabria, 
Extremadura and Madrid (formerly Cajasturias, Cajacantabria and Caja Extremadura retail 
networks) 
- 
Unicorp Vida (50% stake): on which a partnership agreement was entered into with Santa Lucía on 
an exclusivity basis for the development, joint marketing and distribution under the bancassurance 
regime of life insurance and pension plans in the retail network of Unicaja Banco (before the merger 
with Liberbank). 
- 
Unión del Duero Vida (100% stake): Life Company and Pension Plan Manager, which is in run off 
since September 2017. 
As of 31 December 2021, the equity individual pension plans amounted to €4,032.9 million (€2,384 
million as of 31 December 2020). The Group had €4,546 million in savings insurance funds in the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (€4,030 million in the year ended 31 December 2020).  
With regard to Liberbank, as of 31 December 2020, the equity individual pension plans and the savings 
insurance funds amounted to €1,475 million and €910 million, respectively 
In addition, in June 2018, the alliance between Santalucía and Unicaja Banco was extended and the 
insurance company signed a new exclusivity agreement with Unicaja Banco’s bancassurance operator 
(Unimediación, S.L.) for death insurance products.  
On 23 May 2022, Unicaja Banco and Santa Lucía reached an agreement to extend its joint alliance under 
the bancassurance regime. Pursuant to the terms of this agreement, Santa Lucía will acquire 50% plus 
one of the shares of both CCM Vida y Pensiones and Liberbank Vida y Pensiones while Unicaja Banco 
will retain the remaining share capital of both entities. The effectiveness of the agreement is subject to

--- Page 118 ---
118 
the termination of the above-mentioned partnership agreements entered into with Mapfre and Aegon, 
respectively and the obtention the corresponding relevant regulatory authorizations (for further 
information see “Recent Developments – Alliance agreement between Santa Lucía and Unicaja Banco”.  
With regard to general or non-life insurance products, the Group has two exclusive agreements (one 
originally signed by Unicaja Banco and the other one signed by Liberbank before the Merger) with Caser 
Grupo Asegurador for the marketing of the following types of insurance: multi-risk home, businesses, 
communities and SMEs, payment protection (IT-Unemployment), automobiles, health care (health and 
dental), construction, civil liability and agricultural insurance. 
• 
Services 
The Group offers a range of additional transactional services including: 
• 
Cards: the number of cards issued by the Group was 3.2 million (of which 64.1% debit cards and 
35.9% credit cards) as of 31 December 2021 (1.8 million of which 64.3% debit cards and 35.7% 
credit cards as of 31 December 2020). As far as technology is concerned, the basic pack (debit 
and credit) is Contactless, so it uses contactless technology as well as EMV chip and magnetic 
stripe.  
The Group also offers safe remote payments, through the Digital Banking and mobile services 
“App Unicaja Banco”. 
• 
Point of Sale Terminals (“POS”): the Group’s current offering in POS, with both fixed (ADSL) 
and wireless (Bluetooth technology and GPRS) units, adapts to the different needs of shops and 
businesses. Advances in technology have enabled the Group to integrate new functionalities in 
POS, such as contactless payment or the option for foreign customers using the Group’s POS to 
pay in their home currency. Furthermore, the Group has a virtual POS which offers solutions to 
those of the Group’s customers who offer products and services online. 
• 
Securities: this consists of the execution of the sale and purchase transactions of listed securities 
on behalf of the Group’s customers both in domestic and international markets and across 
different fixed and variable income products.  
• 
Payrolls, pensions and benefits: those of the Group’s customers with payrolls and pensions 
directly credited to their savings account enjoy several financial and non-financial benefits in 
products and services, which are included in the Group’s “Servicio Nómina” and “Privilegios 
Clubseis” programs. The “Plan Cero Comisiones” allows customers to avoid standard banking 
fees (account maintenance, transfers and checks) under certain conditions, and to benefit from 
premium conditions in financial products (loans and deposits with preferential interest rates, 
salary and pension advances at 0% interest rate, overdraft of €300 for directly-credited payrolls 
and advances at ATMs for the withdrawal of pensions). 
Equity investments 
The main focus of this division is the control, management and administration of the relationships between the 
Issuer and the privately held companies in which it holds a stake, with the aim of obtaining the maximum level 
of contribution from them to its financial results. Furthermore, the corporate development team also analyses, 
manages and proposes investments in other businesses to help the growth of the Group. 
The Group has, individually or jointly with other investors, invested in relevant Spanish businesses that work 
in high-growth areas that it believes to have potential for growth and profitability. The Group’s portfolio

--- Page 119 ---
119 
includes investments in businesses that develop new technology, real estate companies, energy networks and 
generation and infrastructure companies, among others. 
Real estate 
The management team is responsible for the management of the real estate of the Group and provides support 
for the Group’s other entities in the administration of real estate assets. 
Unicaja Gestión de Activos Inmobiliarios, S.A.U., a subsidiary of Unicaja Banco, owns 100% of the shares in 
Gestión de Inmuebles Adquiridos, S.L.U., which has the following corporate purpose: (i) it manages and divests 
the assets transferred to it as required by law; (ii) it acquires, disposes of, manages and operates an array of real 
estate assets, including estates, buildings, housing and real estate in general, no matter its use; (iii) it has 
activities related to urbanization, demolition and construction of buildings, whether directly or through a 
contracted third party, and any other kind of involvement in the real estate market, through providing services 
or managing real estate assets, belonging to the Group or third parties; and (iv) it carries out the study, 
development and comprehensive development of all types of property and projects.  
Board of Directors and Senior Management  
Board of Directors 
The table below sets forth, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer, their positions within the Board and their type of directorship: 
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Mr. Manuel Azuaga Moreno 
Executive Chairperson 
Executive 
Mr. Manuel Menéndez Menéndez 
Executive Director 
Executive 
Mr. Juan Fraile Cantón 
Vice-Chairperson 
Proprietary(1)  
Ms. Teresa Sáez Ponte 
Secretary (Director) 
Proprietary(1) 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Lead Director(2)v 
Independent 
Mr. Jorge Delclaux Bravo 
Director 
Independent 
Mr. Felipe Fernández Fernández 
Director 
Proprietary(3) 
Ms. María Garaña Corces 
Director 
Independent 
Ms. Petra Mateos-Aparicio Morales 
Director 
Proprietary(1) 
Mr. Manuel Muela Martín-Buitrago 
Director 
Proprietary(1) 
Mr. Ernesto Luis Tinajero Flores 
Director 
Proprietary(4) 
Mr. David Vaamonde Juanatey 
Director 
Proprietary(5) 
Mr. Rafael Domínguez de la Maza27 
Director 
Proprietary(6) 
Ms. Carolina Martínez Caro28 
Director 
Independent 
 
27 Appointed by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer on 31 March 2022. The effectiveness of such resolution is subject to the 
relevant Director obtaining the “fit and proper” verification (verificación de idoneidad) and the corresponding relevant regulatory 
authorizations. 
28 Appointed by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer on 31 March 2022. The effectiveness of such resolution is subject to the 
relevant Director obtaining the “fit and proper” verification (verificación de idoneidad) and the corresponding relevant regulatory 
authorizations.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Mr. Isidoro Unda Urzaiz29 
Director 
Independent 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Shareholder represented: Fundación Bancaria Unicaja. 
(2) 
Lead Director (Consejero Coordinador) with the power to request the call of the Board of Directors or the inclusion 
of new items on the agenda of a meeting already called; to chair the Board of Directors in the absence of the 
Chairperson and Vice-Chairpersons; to coordinate and meet with the non-executive directors and to be aware of 
their concerns; to direct, if applicable, the periodic assessment of the Board Chairperson; to coordinate the 
Chairperson succession plan; and to keep contact with investors and shareholders to know their points of view so as 
to have an opinion on their concerns, in particular, with regard to the Bank corporate governance. 
(3) 
Shareholder represented: Fundación Bancaria Caja de Ahorros de Asturias 
(4) 
Shareholder represented: Aivilo Spain, S.L. 
(5) 
Shareholder represented: Oceanwood Capital Management LLP 
(6) 
Shareholder represented: Global Portfolio Investments, S.L. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors is composed of 15 members. 
Mr. Vicente Orti Gisbert acts as Vice-Secretary (non-Director) of the Board of Directors.  
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Avenida de Andalucía, nº 10-12, 29007 
Málaga, Spain. 
The table below sets forth the names of those members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer with activities 
performed outside the Group that are significant with respect to the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
Director 
Company 
Position 
Mr. Manuel Azuaga Moreno 
Cecabank, S.A. 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors 
Asociación CIFAL Málaga 
Director representing 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Fundación de las Cajas de Ahorro 
(FUNCAS) 
Member of the Board of 
Trustees 
CECA 
Director 
Mr. Manuel Menéndez Menéndez 
EDP Renovaveis, S.A. 
Director 
EDP España, S.A.U. 
Chairperson (non-
Executive) 
Fundación Princesa de Asturias  
Fundación EDP España  
Fundación DIPC  
Trustee (Patrono) 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Arjorad, S.L. 
Non-Executive Member 
 
29 Appointed by means of the co-option (cooptación) system by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 29 April 2022. The 
appointment is subject to ratification by the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors’ resolution is 
subject to the relevant Director obtaining the “fit and proper” verification (verificación de idoneidad) and the corresponding relevant regulatory 
authorizations.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Director 
Company 
Position 
Minsait 
Advisor in the Financial 
Markets Area 
Mr. Jorge Delclaux Bravo 
Findel, S.L. 
Director  
Amadel Capital, S.L. 
Director 
Promotora Residencial Liendo, S.L. 
Director 
Estrela Capital Partners Asesores, 
S.L. 
Director 
Preventiva Compañía de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A. 
Director 
Mr. Felipe Fernández Fernández 
Lico Leasing, S.A. 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors representing 
Asturiana de 
Administración de 
Valores Inmobiliarios, 
S.L. 
Instituto de Medicina Oncológica y 
Molecular de Asturias, S.A. 
Director representing 
Liberbank Capital, S.A. 
EDP España, S.A.U. 
Director 
EDP Energías de Portugal, S.A. 
Member of the General 
and Supervisory Board 
representing Draursa, 
S.A. 
Cementos Tudela Veguin, S.A. 
Director 
Cimento Verde do Brasil, S.A. 
Director 
Masaveu Inmobiliaria, S.A. 
Director 
Fundación Caser 
Trustee (Patrono) 
Ms. María Garaña Corces 
Adobe Inc. 
Vice-president of 
Professional Services for 
Europe, Middle East and 
Africa 
Banco de Inversión Alantra Partners, 
S.A. 
Independent Director 
TUI AG 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board  
Mr. Ernesto Luis Tinajero Flores 
Aivilo Spain, S.L. 
Chairperson CEO 
Carolo Group 
Director 
Dupuis-Becara Group 
Director 
Artik Group 
Director 
Wharton Executive Latin-American  
Director

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Director 
Company 
Position 
Asamblea de Dueños de Equipos de 
Fútbol Profesional 
Member 
Impulsora del Deportivo Nexaca 
Chairperson 
Colegio Junípero, AC 
Director  
Leasa Spain, S.L. 
Chairperson CEO 
Innokap Inv. de Capital S.A. de C.V. 
Chairperson CEO 
Cía. de Viñedos Iberian, S.L. 
Director 
Bodegas y Viñedos Cal Grau, S.L. 
Director 
Altilia ITG, S.L.U. 
Director  
Viñas del Jaro, S.L.U. 
Director 
Fondo Metrópolis I y II 
Director  
Ms. Petra Mateos-Aparicio Morales 
Técnicas Reunidas, S.A. 
Independent Director 
Cámara de Comercio España-EEUU 
Vice-Chairperson 
Altkoca, S.A. 
Director 
Senectical, S.L. 
Director 
Grupo Celulosas Moldeadas, S.L. 
Director representing 
Altkoca, S.A. 
Mr. David Vaamonde Juanatey 
Oceanwood Capital Management 
LLP 
Investment manager 
Mr. Juan Fraile Cantón 
Fundación Unicaja Ronda  
Trustee (Patrono) 
Mr. Rafael Domínguez de la Maza 
Global Portfolio Investments, S.L. 
Sole Director 
Wilmington Capital, S.L. 
Sole Director 
Indumenta Pueri, S.L. 
Director 
Mayoral Moda Infantil, S.A. 
General Deputy Director 
Ms. Carolina Martínez Caro 
Forbes Global Properties 
Senior Advisor 
CMC Family Advisors 
Chief Executive Officer 
FINREG 360 
Member of the Advisory 
Council 
Titanbay Private Equity Global 
Platform 
Ambassador and Member 
of the Advisory Council 
Korynto Financiera SICAV, S.A. 
Director 
Asociación Española Contra el 
Cáncer 
Board Member 
Mr. Isidoro Unda Urzaiz 
Nacional de Reaseguros, S.A.  
Director 
Ges Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. 
Director 
Beragua Advisory, S.L. 
Member of the Advisory 
Council

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Board Committees  
In compliance with the bylaws of the Issuer and the Regulations of the Board of Directors, the Board of 
Directors has five support committees (jointly referred to as the “Support Committees”): an appointments 
committee (the “Appointments Committee”), a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”), 
a risk committee (the “Risk Committee”), an audit and regulatory compliance committee (the “Audit and 
Regulatory Compliance Committee”) and a technology and innovation committee (the “Technology and 
Innovation Committee”). The Support Committees are governed by the bylaws of the Issuer and the 
Regulations of the Board of Directors, to which they conform. 
Appointments Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to report and propose on the appointment and removal of the directors 
and senior managers. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Appointments Committee are 
as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. María Garaña Corces 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. Felipe Fernández Fernández 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Remuneration Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to report and make proposals on the remuneration policy. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. María Garaña Corces 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Member 
Independent 
Ms. Petra Mateos-Aparicio Morales 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Risk Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is risk management. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the members 
of the Risk Committee are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Mr. Jorge Delclaux Bravo 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. David Vaamonde Juanatey 
Member 
Proprietary 
Ms. María Garaña Corces 
Member 
Independent 
Ms. María Teresa Sáez Ponte 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Audit and Regulatory Compliance Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its task of oversight by reviewing 
periodically the process of drawing up financial documentation, the internal audit role and the independent 
nature of the external auditor. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit and Regulatory 
Compliance Committee are as follows:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Mr. Jorge Delclaux Bravo 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. Manuel Muela Martín-Buitrago 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Technology and Innovation Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to assist the Board of Directors in making decisions that affect 
technology, management of information and data and the Issuer’s telecommunications structures, reporting on 
strategic plans and actions and submitting the appropriate proposals. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the 
members of the Technology and Innovation Committee are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. María Garaña Corces 
Member 
Independent 
Ms. Petra Mateos-Aparicio Morales 
Member 
Proprietary 
Mr. Ernesto Luis Tinajero Flores 
Member 
Proprietary 
Mr. Juan Fraile Cantón 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Senior Management 
The following table lists the members of the senior management of the Issuer as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
Name 
Position 
Reporting directly to the Chairperson 
Isidro Rubiales Gil 
Control and Relations with Supervisors (General Manager
attached to the Chairperson) 
Vicente Orti Gisbert 
General & Technical Secretariat (General Manager) 
José Mª de la Vega Carnicero 
HR, Talent and Culture (General Manager) 
Jesús Navarro Martín 
Internal Audit 
Galo Juan Sastre Corchado 
Compliance  
Cristo González Álvarez 
Transformation and Innovation 
Reporting directly to the Executive Director 
Jesús Ruano Mochales 
Corporate Development, Investees, Recoveries & Non-Core Asset 
Management (General Manager deputy to the Executive Director)
Jonathan de Joaquín Velasco 
Business (General Manager) 
Pablo González Martín 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) (General Manager) 
Francisco Javier Pérez Gavilán 
Credit Risk (General Manager) 
Severino J. Méndez Suárez 
Operations and Technology (General Manager) 
Ana Echenique Lorenzo 
Executive Director Cabinet Director 
Agustín Lomba Sorrondegui 
Strategic Planning and Budgeting 
Marta Suárez González 
Objectives and Business Monitoring 
Juan Pablo López Cobo 
Investors Relations  
Joaquín Sevilla Rodríguez 
Digital Business 
Miguel Ángel Barra Quesada 
ESG Business 
Reporting directly to a General Manager 
Cédric Blanchetière 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) (to the General Manager attached to the 
Chairperson) 
Vicente Orti Gisbert 
Legal (to the General Manager of General & Technical 
Secretariat) 
There are no members of the senior management of the Issuer with activities performed outside the Group that 
are significant with respect to the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The business address of each member of the senior management of the Issuer mentioned above is Avenida de 
Andalucía, nº 10-12, 29007 Málaga, Spain. 
Conflicts of interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer 
by the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer or members of its senior management and their respective 
private interests and other duties.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
In addition to the measures provided for under applicable regulations, the Issuer has adopted the following 
measures to avoid conflicts of interest: 
(v) 
The Internal Code of Conduct on the Securities Market of the Issuer includes the general policy for the 
prevention and management of conflicts of interest which could arise between the clients of the Issuer, 
and between the clients and the Issuer itself. 
(vi) 
The Policy for the identification and management of conflicts of interest and related-party transactions 
is applicable to the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management.  
(vii) 
The analysis of potential conflicts of interest is included in the respective suitability evaluations of the 
members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management. 
(viii) The Regulations of the Board of Directors develop the measures provided for under applicable 
regulations in connection with conflicts of interest and the policy on identification and management of 
conflicts of interest and related transactions of directors, significant shareholders and senior managers 
of the Issuer and the Fundación Bancaria Unicaja’s Protocol implements the relevant provisions of the 
Regulations of the Board of Directors and, therefore, complements what is set out in the Internal Code 
of Conduct on the Securities Market. 
Organizational structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of a consolidated group of credit institutions comprising, as of 31 December 
2021, 69 subsidiaries, 11 joint ventures and 57 associated companies, pursuant to Bank of Spain Circular 
4/2017, as amended.  
The following structure chart summarizes the subsidiaries of the Group as of 31 December 2021:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Capital structure 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €663,708,369.7, represented 
by 2,654,833,479 shares, with a par value of €0.25 each, all of the same class and series, fully subscribed to and 
paid in30. The shares of the Issuer are listed on the Spanish Stock Exchanges. 
Significant shareholders  
The following table shows the significant shareholders of the Issuer, as displayed on the CNMV website, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
 
 
No. of direct 
shares 
 
No. of indirect 
shares 
 
No. of shares 
through 
financial 
instruments  
% of total 
share 
capital 
 
Unicaja Banking Foundation ....................... 
802,707,000 
30.236% 
Oceanwood Capital Management LLP(1) ..... 
 
87,955,481
108,811,466
7.412% 
Fundación Bancaria Caja de Ahorros de 
Asturias .................................................... 
174,155,704 
6.560% 
Oceanwood Opportunities Master Fund ...... 
 
50,091,361
107,222,225
5.926% 
Indumenta Pueri, S.L.(2) ............................... 
 
132,741,673
5.000% 
Tomás Olivo López(3) .................................. 
3,697,835 
133,767,362
5.178% 
Oceanwood European Financial Select 
Opportunities Master Fund ....................... 
 
28,801,965
1.085% 
Total ........................................................... 
980,560,539 
433,357,842
216,033,691
61.397% 
Source: Communications made to the CNMV (website of the CNMV as of the date of this Base Prospectus).  
Notes:  
(1) 
Oceanwood Capital Management LLP is the investment manager of Oceanwood Opportunities Master Fund and 
Oceanwood European Financial Select Opportunities Master Fund. 
(2) 
Held through Global Portfolio Investments, S.L. 
(3) 
Indirect position held through Desarrollos la Coronela, S.L. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Unicaja Banking Foundation owns directly 30.2% of the share capital 
in Unicaja Banco, treasury shares amounted to 0.2% of the share capital of the Bank and there is a free float of 
approximately 38.4%. 
In order to avoid the potential conflict of interests between Unicaja Banco and the majority shareholder, the 
governing body (Patronato) of the Unicaja Banking Foundation approved the Unicaja Banking Foundation’s 
Protocol in accordance with the provisions of Law 26/2013, of 27 December, on savings banks and banking 
foundations (Ley 26/2013, de 27 de diciembre, de Cajas de Ahorros y Fundaciones Bancarias) on 30 April 
2021. The Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol was approved by the Bank of Spain and it is available at the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.unicajabanco.com) 
and 
at 
Unicaja 
Banking 
Foundation’s 
website 
(www.fundacionunicaja.com).  
 
30 The share capital of the Bank has been reduced from €2,654,833,479 to €663,708,369.75 through the reduction of the nominal value of each 
share from €1.00 to €0.25 and the creation of a voluntary non-distributable reserve in the amount of €1,991,125,109.25. The relevant deed of 
capital reduction has been registered with the commercial registry on 13 January 2022. Such capital reduction did not affect the capital ratios 
of the Bank.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
The Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol establishes the procedures to avoid potential conflicts of interests 
as a result of the majority stake held by the Unicaja Banking Foundation in the share capital of Unicaja Banco 
and the criteria to appoint the members of the Board of Directors of Unicaja Banco. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Unicaja Banking Foundation entered into a relationship internal protocol 
(Protocolo Interno de Relaciones) (the “Relationship Protocol”) on 1 December 2016.  
In accordance with the Relationship Protocol, the intra-group services shall be provided transparently, in market 
conditions, meeting the criteria for an economic and efficient management and under the principles of 
confidentiality. The delivery of services other than those regulated by the Relationship Protocol shall be agreed 
in writing establishing at least the subject matter, the price and the term. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any arrangement which may result in a change 
of control in the Issuer. 
Credit rating 
The following table contains the credit ratings that the Issuer has currently assigned for the long and short term 
by the credit rating agencies Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A.U. 
Rating agency(1) 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Outlook 
Latest date of 
review of rating  
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited(2) 
BBB- 
F3
Stable
3 December 2021
Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A.U.(2) 
Baa3 
Prime-3
Stable
24 November 2021
Notes: 
 
(1) 
The details of the rating scales used and their meaning is found on the websites of each of the credit rating agencies 
(Fitch: link and Moody’s: link). The information contained in these websites is not part of the Base Prospectus and 
has not been examined or approved by the CNMV. 
(2) 
Registered with ESMA in accordance with the provisions of CRA Regulation. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group has been and is involved in disputes and litigation related to the business. In particular, the Group is 
currently subject to the following legal proceedings, among others:  
Clauses which set a minimum interest rate for mortgages 
The Group has included clauses which limit the downward variation of the interest rates applicable to the 
Group’s mortgage agreements (known as “floor clauses”), which set a minimum interest rate payable by 
borrowers to the lenders, regardless of the applicable benchmark rate. Currently, the Group does not include 
floor clauses in its mortgage agreements. However, borrowers have challenged the validity of such clauses in 
recent years on various grounds. EU and Spanish courts have rendered various judgments, directed both at 
specific financial institutions (including the Group) and the financial sector in general, declaring certain clauses 
that set minimum interest rates to be invalid on the basis of a lack of transparency at the time such mortgages 
were sold to customers or other reasons, which may materially affect the Group. 
Unicaja Banco is taking different judicial and extra judicial actions based on negotiations with clients who are 
filing claims in relation to these clauses and, as a consequence, the impact of such judicial actions has been 
reduced. In fact, the number of lawsuits notified on this matter has been progressively decreasing in recent years 
and, as a result, 55% fewer claims were received in the year 2021 than in the year 2019.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
On 20 January 2017, the Spanish Government approved Royal Decree Law 1/2017 (“RDL 1/2017”), which 
encourages out-of-court settlements between financial institutions and those borrowers affected by such clauses, 
and aims to avoid overloading the Spanish Courts with these claims by establishing measures that incentivize 
a negotiation with the borrowers without going to court. However, although financial institutions are obliged to 
contact affected customers, letting them know of the existence of the relevant clauses in their documentation, 
there is no obligation for the parties to reach an agreement, in which case the borrowers are still able to file 
claims against the financial institutions. The Group has implemented the procedures set out in the RDL 1/2017 
by creating a specific unit as part of its Customer Service Care (Departamento de Atención al Cliente) to inform 
affected borrowers of the existence of these procedures, address any claims that may be brought by them and, 
if appropriate, negotiate with them on a case by case basis. As well as judicial procedures, the claims filed in 
accordance with RDL 1/2017 have decreased noticeably. They were approximately 29.1% less claims during 
the second semester of 2021 than in the same period of 2020.  
Notwithstanding the above, new legal claims have been filed in Spain concerning the validity of the settlement 
agreements on floor clauses that many financial institutions (including Unicaja Banco) have reached with their 
clients. In this regard, the CJEU issued a decision on 9 July 2020 on Case C452/18 which analysed whether a 
settlement or the amendment agreement executed by and between a professional and a consumer regarding 
floor clauses and the waiver to bring legal actions contained in such agreements were valid. According to the 
CJEU: 
(a) 
The consumer may enter into an agreement with the lender that confirms the validity of the floor 
clause and by which he/she waives legal actions regarding such clause provided that, at the time of 
the waiver, the consumer was aware of the non-binding nature of that clause and the consequences 
it entails; 
(b) 
The national courts will need to determine, on a case-by-case basis, if there has been a real 
negotiation between the relevant lender and the consumer. Indications by the consumer, in his/her 
own handwriting, that he/she understood the mechanism of the floor clause does not in itself lead 
to the conclusion that this clause was individually negotiated and that the consumer was able to 
influence its content; and 
(c) 
The national courts will need to examine whether or not the consumer could understand the 
financial consequences of the agreement entered into with the lender. For the purposes of 
transparency, the pre-contractual information should include information on the past development 
of the index so that the consumer is aware, through past fluctuations, of the eventuality that he/she 
cannot benefit from lower rates due to the amended floor clause. The consumer may validly waive 
the right to have the original floor clause declared unfair, provided that this waiver is made by the 
consumer with free and informed consent. However, the consumer cannot validly waive future legal 
actions regarding the amended floor clause in respect of disputes which may arise in the future. 
As of 31 December 2021, the provisions considered necessary to cover potential asset impairments and deal 
with the risks and contingencies that may impact the Group were in place. In this regard, the Group has 
recognised an accounting provision of €16131 million (€123 million as of 31 December 2020). 
In addition, Liberbank, the absorbed company in the Merger, recognised the necessary accounting provisions 
totalling €18.7 million to cover potential asset impairments and deal with the risks and contingencies that may 
arise due to floor clauses proceedings as of 31 December 2020. 
 
31  This accounting provision has increased with respect to the year 2020 due to the effect of the Merger.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
IRPH potential litigation  
A preliminary ruling was filed before the CJEU which challenges the validity, due to alleged lack of 
transparency, of mortgage loan agreements subject to the IRPH. This claim was made after the ruling of the 
Spanish Supreme Court in December 2017, which confirmed that it was not possible to determine the lack of 
transparency in the interest rate because of its reference to one or another official index, and therefore its 
unfairness. 
The legal matter under debate is, among others, whether the transparency test based on Council Directive 
93/13/EEC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts (“Directive 93/13/EEC”) is complied with 
when the borrower is a consumer.  
Based on the existence of the judgment of the Supreme Court dated 14 December 2017, the fact that the IRPH 
is an official benchmark rate published and managed by the Bank of Spain, the existence of case law 
(jurisprudencia) of the CJEU which confirms the transparency of contracts referenced to other official 
benchmark rates, and the existence of an annual percentage rate (or APR, “T.A.E.” in Spain) indicator, which 
must be mandatorily informed to consumers, and which allows for the comprehension of the economic burden 
and the comparison of different mortgage offers (whatever the benchmark rate index applied is), the Bank 
considers that compliance with the transparency test under Directive 93/13/EEC should not be questioned. 
On 10 September 2019, the Advocate General issued its opinion in relation to this matter (the “Advocate 
General’s Opinion”), according to which (i) Directive 93/13/EEC is applicable to the matter of reference and 
(ii) the national judge should be the competent authority to monitor the transparency of the disputed clause and 
verify whether the contract sets out the method of calculating the interest rate transparently and whether this 
contract meets all the information requirements envisaged in the national regulations. 
The Advocate General’s Opinion does not consider the IRPH or the clause which incorporates it in the relevant 
loan agreements to be, per se, abusive or null. 
On 3 March 2020, the CJEU issued a ruling confirming the Advocate General’s Opinion in connection with this 
case (Case C-125/18) regarding the transparency and unfairness of a clause governing a floating interest rate 
indexed to IRPH included in a mortgage loan agreement granted to a consumer. The CJEU concluded that IRPH 
index floating interest clauses cannot be considered abusive per se but they fall under the transparency control 
requirements set out in Directive 93/13/EEC. As a consequence, Spanish courts will carry out this control in 
order to determine if the relevant clause included in the agreement lacks transparency and if, in addition, is 
ultimately unfair and consequently void. That control has to be made on a case-by-case basis, taking into 
account the circumstances at the time when the relevant mortgage loan was granted. 
Spanish courts of first instance have generally ruled in favour of consumers applying the CJEU decision and 
have declared that IRPH clauses are (in the relevant cases examined), null and void, substituting it for 
EURIBOR (which is currently lower) and, in certain decisions, have ordered the delivery of the excess (i.e. the 
difference between the interest charged at IRPH and the interest that would have been payable should the 
EURIBOR have applied since inception) to the debtors. Some provincial courts (“Provincial Audiences”) have 
also ruled against the credit entity, but rather than applying EURIBOR they have applied the index named 
“IRPH Entidades” (e.g. Valencia Provincial Audience’s ruling dated 1 June 2020 or Tarragona Provincial 
Audience’s ruling dated 11 March 2020). However, other Provincial Audiences such as the Barcelona Provincial 
Audience (Section 15th), based on the abovementioned Spanish Supreme Court ruling (dated 14 December 
2017), have ruled in favour of credit entities regarding clauses which referred the IRPH index but were found 
to be transparent to the extent that an average consumer would have easy access to the evolution of the different 
indexes, either through the information disseminated by the Bank of Spain (Banco de España), or through the 
monthly publication of these indexes in the Spanish Official Gazette (BOE), even in those cases where there is 
no proof of the delivery of the brochure (Barcelona Provincial Audience decision of 24 April 2020).

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Notwithstanding the above, four Spanish Supreme Court rulings regarding references to the IRPH index which 
were made public on 13 November 2020 (numbered 595/2020, 596/2020, 597/2020 and 598/2020) have 
favoured the banks. While declaring that the IRPH clauses lacked transparency on the grounds that the 
mortgagor was not informed of the performance of the IRPH index in the two years prior to taking out the loan, 
the Supreme Court confirmed that such clauses are to be deemed non-abusive for the following reasons: (i) 
IRPH clauses are not able to be easily rigged in favour of the lender (in fact, IRPH is controlled by the public 
administration, whereas EURIBOR is calculated by a private entity), (ii) a significant imbalance to the 
consumer’s detriment cannot be derived from the mere evolution of the index during the duration of the loan, 
even if unfavourable to the consumer, and (iii) the use of an official index does not contravene the good faith 
principle.  
On 17 November 2021, the CJEU issued its preliminary ruling on the questions referred to it by the First 
Instance Court No. 38 of Barcelona, which aimed to challenge the Spanish Supreme Court rulings on the matter. 
However, the CJEU confirmed the Spanish Supreme Court’s approach and concluded that lenders are not 
required to include a full definition of the reference index used to calculate a variable interest rate nor to provide 
the consumer with information on the past performance of such index; provided that, based on the publicly 
available information and the information provided by lenders, an average consumer reasonably well informed 
could assess the potentially significant economic consequences thereof. Additionally, the CJEU confirmed that 
the lack of transparency of this clause does not necessarily imply its unfairness, which shall be determined on 
a case-by-case basis at national level.  
Finally, on 28 January 2022, the Spanish Supreme Court issued three more rulings regarding the nullity of the 
IRPH clause in mortgage loan agreements applying the latest criteria of the CJEU, which reiterated that the 
IRPH was not an abusive index. Additionally, they clarified that it was not necessary that the lender delivers to 
the consumer a previous brochure that collects information on the previous evolution of the index. 
Thus, following the recent rulings by the Spanish Supreme Court and the CJEU, the risk of the application of 
the IRPH being declared unfair is currently lower and, as of 31 December 2021, the Group does not expect 
contingencies and does not have material provisions related to this matter. 
Revolving cards 
On 4 March 2020, the Spanish Supreme Court issued a judgment dismissing a bank’s appeal (recurso de 
casación) against a ruling that had declared a revolving credit agreement void due to usurious interest.  
Unicaja Banco has not experienced a significant volume of lawsuits related to this matter as it has marketed 
these products in a transparent and appropriate manner and in accordance with applicable legislation. Therefore, 
after analysing the case law, as of 31 December 2021 and as of 31 December 2020, the Group does not expect 
contingencies and does not have material provisions related to claims regarding this matter. 
However, Liberbank, included provisions in relation to this subject. In this sense, it recognised provisions as of 
31 December 2020 totalling €1.3 million for obligations concerning the usurious interest rate of revolving credit 
agreements.  
Interest calculation formula used in mortgage transactions  
The validity of one of the formulas used by the Group for calculating interest in mortgage agreements has been 
challenged by a limited number of lawsuits, on the basis that the numerator of the interest calculation formula 
fraction is calculated in natural days, and the denominator of the fraction is calculated in business days. 
In order to avoid further claims from clients, Unicaja Banco has been progressively reducing the use of this 
formula on the occasion of the periodic interest review applicable to each loan agreement. As of 31 December 
2021, the Group does not expect contingencies and does not have material provisions related to this matter and,

--- Page 132 ---
132 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Unicaja Banco has removed this calculation formula from all of its current 
mortgage contracts with consumers.  
Early termination of mortgages  
On 26 March 2019, the CJEU issued the long-expected judgment regarding early termination clauses contained 
in mortgage loans to consumers. 
The CJEU judgment confirmed the unfairness of this sort of clause that includes any breach as a termination 
event and prohibits to delete those sections of the clause that may be considered null in order to seek partial 
validity thereof. However, the CJEU opened the door to applying the rule of the three unpaid monthly repayment 
amounts to terminate the affected agreements, if the declaration of unfairness entails an invalidity of the entire 
mortgage loan.  
The legal scenario changed with enactment of Law 5/2019 on Real Estate Credit Contracts (Ley de Contratos 
de Crédito Inmobiliario) (the “Real Estate Credit Contract Law”), which came into force on 16 June 2019. 
The new regulation on accelerated repayment modifies Article 693 of Spanish Law 1/2000, of 7 January, on 
Civil Procedure (Ley 1/2000, de 7 de enero, de Enjuiciamiento Civil) and applies to loan agreements signed 
prior to the entry into force of the Real Estate Credit Contract Law that include an acceleration clause unless: 
(i) the debtor claims that applying the clause is more favourable to him or her; or (ii) the clause was triggered 
by the lender prior to the entry into force of the Law (regardless of whether or not, as a result, enforcement 
proceedings were initiated). 
Article 24 of the Real Estate Credit Contract Law allows the lender to accelerate consumer loan agreements (i) 
after a payment default equal to 3% of the total loan amount or 12 monthly instalments if the default occurs in 
the first half of the term of the loan or (ii) after a payment default equal to 7% of the total loan amount or 15 
monthly instalments if the default occurs in the second half of the term of the loan. 
Following the CJEU judgment of March 2019 declaring the invalidity of this clause and deferring to the Spanish 
courts to determine the effects of such invalidity, on 11 September 2019, the Spanish Supreme Court ruled that: 
(i) in relation to the loans subject to legal proceedings that had been declared due prior to 15 March 2013, the 
proceedings should terminate and the Bank should file a new enforcement claim; (ii) in relation to the loans 
subject to legal proceedings that had been declared due after 15 March 2013, the proceedings should continue 
if the relevant judge determined that the breach was material with regard to the amount and the term of the loan. 
In the opposite case, the proceedings should terminate and the Bank should file a new enforcement claim; (iii) 
in relation to loans which had been declared due in accordance with Real Estate Credit Contract Law the 
proceedings should continue; and (iv) in the future, the Bank can commence enforcement actions in relation to 
the loans which are declared due in accordance with Real Estate Credit Contract Law, without the declaration 
of invalidity of the clause affecting such actions.  
In view of the above, as of 31 December 2021, the Group does not expect contingencies and does not have 
material provisions related to this matter. 
Claims in relation to the expenses relating to the formalization of mortgages  
Certain rulings enacted by the Spanish Supreme Court in 2015 and 2017 considered unfair certain clauses which 
allocated to the borrowers certain expenses in connection with the granting and registration of the mortgage 
deeds (including notarial and registration fees), taxes derived from the granting of the mortgage deeds and/or 
any costs and expenses related to the recovery of any due amount under the mortgage loans (including those 
derived from the foreclosure of the mortgages). 
While courts have consistently considered that clauses establishing that all costs shall be borne by the borrowers 
were unfair (and, on such basis, borrowers started to claim reimbursement from the banks of certain costs linked

--- Page 133 ---
133 
to the granting of the mortgage loans such as the notarial, Land Registry and agency fees), there has been some 
debate regarding taxes associated to mortgage loans (i.e. stamp duty). 
In this regard, the Spanish Supreme Court rendered several decisions establishing that the clause which provided 
that those taxes were to be borne by the borrower should not be deemed as an unfair clause per se. 
However, on 10 October 2018 the Spanish Supreme Court issued a ruling (i) establishing that the lenders (and 
not the borrowers) would be liable for the payment of those taxes, and (ii) declaring article 68.2 of the Stamp 
Duty Regulation (passed by Royal Decree 828/1995, of 25 May), which expressly established that the borrower 
was liable to pay stamp duty), null and void as contrary to that new interpretation. 
But on 9 November 2018 the Spanish Supreme Court changed such criterion and resolved that borrowers were 
liable to pay the stamp duty. Immediately afterwards, the Spanish Government clarified the legislative 
framework and enacted Royal Decree-Law 17/2018, which provided that the lender must be the taxpayer. 
On 23 January 2019, the Spanish Supreme Court issued a new ruling confirming that consumers would have to 
be reimbursed by lenders the notarial, Land registry and agency fees, but not the stamp duty. Notwithstanding 
this, this ruling does not apply to mortgage loans entered into after the entry into force of Royal Decree-Law 
17/2018 (i.e. 10 November 2018). The Spanish Supreme Court has also confirmed that, while notarial fees and 
agency fees have to be shared between the lender and the borrower (i.e. the lender should only reimburse 50% 
thereof), registry fees have to be paid in full by the lender (i.e. it should reimburse 100% of these fees). 
Additionally, the Real Estate Credit Contract Law regulates costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
origination of mortgage loans. The Real Estate Credit Contract Law applies to loans secured with mortgages 
over residential real estate properties, which are originated, amended or subrogated after 16 June 2019. 
According to the Real Estate Credit Contract Law (i) valuation costs are to be paid by the borrower, (ii) agency 
fees by the lender, (iii) notarial costs relating to the loan deed by the lender, (iv) registration costs by the lender, 
and (v) stamp duty costs by the taxpayer (i.e. the lender). 
Notwithstanding the above, before the Real Estate Credit Contract Law was passed, there was no legal provision 
regulating management costs. The Spanish Supreme Court ruling 555/2020, of 26 October 2020, followed the 
CJEU’s ruling of 16 July 2020 stating that, if the specific clause regulating management costs is declared to be 
unfair, in the absence of any supplementary legal regime, those costs cannot be borne by the borrower and must 
be paid in full by the lender. This Supreme Court ruling has established that “in the absence of a national rule 
which applies in case there is a lack of an agreement negotiated among the parties imposing on the borrower 
the payment of all or part of those expenses, the borrower could not be denied the return of the amounts paid 
under the clause that has been declared unfair”. The Spanish Supreme Court ruling 61/2021, of 27 January 
2021, has confirmed the aforementioned position. However, the novelty of this ruling is that it applies the above 
conclusion to the appraisal costs (but only when the Real Estate Credit Contract Law is not applicable, because 
if it does apply, article 14.1.e) of the above regulation will allocate appraisal costs to the borrower). 
Unicaja Banco, as the rest of the credit entities in the Spanish sector, has experienced an increase in the litigation 
related to this matter and is taking action to reach agreements with its clients to avoid further judicial processes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is under 20,072 legal proceedings related to this matter. 
Unicaja Banco has recognized provisions covering obligations that may arise from such ongoing legal 
proceedings, totaling €32.9 million as of 31 December 2021 (as of 31 December 2020, provisions related to 
claims regarding this matter for both the Group and Liberbank were not material). 
Law 57/1968, of 27 July, on the collection of advance amounts in the construction and sale of housing  
Although Law 57/1968 was repealed by Law 38/1999, of 5 November, on building construction (Ley 38/1999, 
de 5 de noviembre, de ordenación de la edificación), it is still applicable to all purchases of housing made until 
1 January 2016. This law set forth the express obligation for property developers to pay the amounts received

--- Page 134 ---
134 
from home buyers into a special account, as well as to grant in favor of such buyers a guarantee for the 
repayment of such amounts. The judgment of the Spanish Supreme Court dated 21 December 2015 extended 
the responsibility for repayment of such amounts to the financing credit institutions, and for the amounts paid 
by the home buyers, irrespective of whether or not it had issued a guarantee that such amounts would be repaid. 
This law has led to some claims against credit institutions for the amounts delivered by individuals to developers 
on account of the purchase of housing, when said payments had been channeled through a credit institution. As 
of 31 December 2021, the estimate of the maximum amount claimed in outstanding legal proceedings was 
€38.3 million (€37.7 million, €13.6 million in the case of Liberbank, as at 31 December 2020). 
Overview of financial information 
Financial information as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
The sections below contain financial information of the Group extracted from the 2021 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts and the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts. Unicaja Banco publishes its standalone and 
consolidated annual accounts.  
The table below includes the consolidated balance sheets of the Group as of 31 December 2021 and 2020. Given 
that the Merger was materialised on 31 July 2021 for accounting purposes, the consolidated balance sheet of 
the Group as of 31 December 2021 includes Liberbank’s assets and liabilities and the results generated by 
Liberbank from August to December of 2021 and therefore the financial information as of 31 December 2021 
is not comparable with the financial information as of 31 December 2020:  
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
ASSETS 
 
Cash, cash balances in central banks and other demand deposits ............... 
21,297,503
6,667,189 
Financial assets held for trading ..................................................................... 
44,741
192,834 
Derivatives ....................................................................................................... 
31,134
5,916 
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
12,592
14,954 
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
1,015
171,964 
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
-
- 
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
-
- 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss ..................................................................................................................... 
228,227
91,279 
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
41
- 
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
93,822
91,279 
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
134,364
- 
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
-
- 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss ................... 
-
- 
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
-
- 
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
-
-

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
-
- 
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ............................................................................................................... 
1,297,820
1,494,464 
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
627,119
403,005 
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
670.701
1,091,459 
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
-
- 
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
29,296
346,097 
Financial assets carried at amortized cost ..................................................... 
81,991,738
51,548,558 
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
-
- 
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
24,849,659
22,157,383 
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
57,142,079
29,391,175 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
1,118,984
1,762,178 
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
56,023,095
27,628,997 
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
24,200,623
13,636,465 
Derivatives - hedge accounting ....................................................................... 
815,044
617,130 
Change in fair value of securities held in a portfolio hedged against 
interest rate risk ............................................................................................... 
99,301
- 
Investments in joint ventures and associates companies .............................. 
1,052,033
361,830 
Joint ventures ................................................................................................... 
72,499
35,360 
Associates ........................................................................................................ 
979,534
326,470 
Assets under insurance or reinsurance contracts .......................................... 
1,949
1,831 
Tangible assets.................................................................................................. 
2,249,296
1,144,501 
Fixed tangible assets ........................................................................................ 
1,392,916
837,060 
For own use .................................................................................................. 
1,392,916
837,060 
Lent under an operating lease agreement ..................................................... 
-
- 
Investment property ......................................................................................... 
856,380
307,441 
Of which: lent under operating lease ............................................................... 
646,911
198,016 
Memorandum item: acquired under a finance lease ........................................ 
90,747
40,833 
Intangible assets ............................................................................................... 
79,806
74,095 
Goodwill .......................................................................................................... 
38,333
44,502 
Other intangible assets ..................................................................................... 
41,473
29,593 
Tax assets .......................................................................................................... 
5,250,087
2,741,136 
Current tax assets ............................................................................................. 
482,444
37,018 
Deferred tax assets ........................................................................................... 
4,767,643
2,704,118 
Other assets ...................................................................................................... 
442,359
365,102 
Insurance contracts linked to pensions ............................................................. 
31,060
31,679 
Inventories ....................................................................................................... 
159,261
185,138 
All other assets ................................................................................................. 
252,038
148,285 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale ................................... 
700,089
244,316 
TOTAL ASSETS.............................................................................................. 
115,549,993
65,544,265 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ............................................................... 
31,123
11,634 
Derivatives ....................................................................................................... 
31,123
11,634 
Short positions ................................................................................................. 
-
- 
Deposits ........................................................................................................... 
-
- 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Customers..................................................................................................... 
-
- 
Issued debt securities ....................................................................................... 
-
- 
Other financial liabilities .................................................................................. 
-
-

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ............. 
-
- 
Deposits ............................................................................................................. 
-
- 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
-
- 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Customers..................................................................................................... 
-
- 
Issued debt securities ......................................................................................... 
-
- 
Other financial liabilities .................................................................................... 
-
- 
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities ...................................................... 
 
Financial liabilities carried at amortized cost ................................................ 
105,475,581
59,052,887 
Deposits ........................................................................................................... 
101,110,937
57,504,176 
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
10,291,702
4,998,096 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
6,665,025
3,805,469 
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
84,154,210
48,700,611 
Issued debt securities ....................................................................................... 
2,497,755
362,926 
Other financial liabilities .................................................................................. 
1,866,889
1,185,785 
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities .................................................... 
623,658
302,932 
Derivatives - hedge accounting ....................................................................... 
999,690
609,030 
Change in fair value of securities held in a portfolio hedged 
against interest rate risk .................................................................................. 
-
- 
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts ................................. 
580,053
612,472 
Provisions.......................................................................................................... 
1,428,127
798,622 
Pensions and related post-employment defined benefits .................................. 
178,798
56,633 
Other long-term employee benefits .................................................................. 
188,566
176,619 
Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies........................................... 
- 
Commitments and guarantees given ................................................................ 
106,348
119,629 
All other provisions .......................................................................................... 
954,415
445,741 
Tax liabilities .................................................................................................... 
389,104
257,941 
Current tax liabilities ........................................................................................ 
19,667
21,477 
Deferred tax liabilities ...................................................................................... 
369,437
236,464 
Other liabilities ................................................................................................. 
320,274
196,487 
Of which: Welfare fund (savings banks and credit unions).............................. 
-
- 
Liabilities in disposal groups classified as held for sale ................................ 
-
- 
TOTAL LIABILITIES .................................................................................... 
109,223,952
61,539,073 
 
EQUITY 
 
Shareholders’ equity ........................................................................................ 
6,415,719
4,000,562 
Capital ............................................................................................................... 
663,708
1,579,761 
Paid-in capital .................................................................................................. 
663,708
1,579,761 
Called-up capital .............................................................................................. 
-
- 
Memorandum entry (p.m.): uncalled capital) .................................................. 
-
- 
Share premium ................................................................................................. 
1,209,423
1,209,423 
Equity instruments issued other than capital ................................................ 
547,385
47,429 
Equity component of compound financial instruments .................................... 
547,385
47,429 
Other equity instruments issued ....................................................................... 
-
- 
Other equity items ........................................................................................... 
-
- 
Retained earnings ............................................................................................ 
2,743,437
959,533 
Revaluation reserves ........................................................................................ 
-
- 
Other reserves .................................................................................................. 
142,010
126,764 
Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint and associates ........... 
(109,517)
(127,721) 
Other ................................................................................................................ 
251,527
254,485 
(-) Treasury shares ........................................................................................... 
(3,446)
(179) 
Net income/loss attributable to the parent company .................................... 
1,113,202
77,831 
(-) Interim dividends ........................................................................................ 
-
- 
Accumulated other comprehensive income ................................................... 
(90,104)
4,157

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
The table below includes the consolidated income statements of the Group for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 2020. Given that the Merger was materialised on 31 July 2021 for accounting purposes, the 
consolidated income statement of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 includes the results generated 
by Liberbank from August to December of 2021 and therefore the financial information for the year ended 31 
December 2021 is not comparable with the financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest income ........................................................................................................ 
852,123  
724,724 
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income .... 
3,334  
3,759 
Financial assets carried at amortized cost .............................................................. 
988,319  
590,573 
Other ...................................................................................................................... 
(139,530)  
130,392 
Items not subject to reclassification to income statement ............................. 
115,328
79,000 
Actuarial gain or (-) loss in benefit pension scheme ........................................ 
9,220
2,694 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held-for-sale .................. 
-
- 
Share of other recognised income revenues and expense of investments in 
joint ventures & associates ............................................................................... 
22,181
9,979 
Change in fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ........................................................................... 
83,927
66,327 
Ineffectiveness of fair value hedges of equity instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income ..................................................... 
-
- 
Change in fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (hedged item) ................................................. 
-
- 
Change in fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (hedging instrument) ..................................... 
-
- 
Change in fair value of financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss attributable to changes in its credit risk ...................................... 
-
- 
Items subject to reclassification to income statement ................................... 
(205,432)
(74,843) 
Hedging of net investments abroad (effective portion) .................................... 
-
- 
Foreign currency translation ............................................................................ 
(67)
(22) 
Hedging derivatives. Reserve of cash flow hedges (effective portion) ............ 
(304,535)
(151,376) 
Change in fair value of debt instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ........................................................................... 
26,757
48,147 
Hedging instruments (non-designated items) ................................................... 
-
- 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held-for-sale .................. 
-
- 
Recognised revenues and expenses from joint-ventures & associates 
companies ........................................................................................................ 
72,413
28,408 
Non-controlling interest (from minority stakes)............................................ 
426
473 
Other accumulated comprehensive income ...................................................... 
-
- 
Other items ....................................................................................................... 
426
473 
TOTAL EQUITY ............................................................................................. 
6,326,041
4,005,192 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY .......................................................... 
115,549,993
65,544,265 
Memorandum item: off-balance sheet exposure ........................................... 
 
Loan commitments given ................................................................................. 
5,050,202
2,429,312 
Financial guarantees given ............................................................................... 
214,717
62,306 
Other commitments given ................................................................................ 
6,023,042
1,902,936 
Note: 
 
(1) 
This information has not been adapted or reclassified because the comparability of the Group’s financial 
information hasn’t been affected by the regulatory changes taken place during 2021. See Note 1.5 to the 2021 
Consolidated Annual Accounts.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020(1) 
 
Interest expense ....................................................................................................... 
(122,004)  
(146,531) 
Redeemable equity expenses ................................................................................... 
-  
- 
Net interest income ................................................................................................ 
730,119  
578,193 
Dividend income...................................................................................................... 
19,298  
14,929 
Income/loss from entities carried at equity method  ................................................ 
40,270  
35,377 
Fee and commission income .................................................................................... 
395,674  
254,711 
Fee and commission expense ................................................................................... 
(33,208)  
(21,843) 
Net gains or (-) losses on derecognition from the statements of financial assets 
and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss ............................... 
38,967  
92,021 
Net gains or (-) losses from financial assets and liabilities held for trading ............ 
12,687  
(2,948) 
Net gains or (-) losses from non-trading financial assets mandatorily designated 
at fair value through profit or loss ........................................................................... 
(2,014)  
664 
Net gain (loss) from financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit or loss ............................................................................................... 
-  
- 
Net gain (loss) from hedge accounting .................................................................... 
(1,403)  
2,712 
Net gains or losses from exchange differences ........................................................ 
3,996  
(9) 
Other operating income ........................................................................................... 
61,749  
95,591 
Other operating expenses ......................................................................................... 
(188,261)  
(113,773) 
Income from assets under insurance or reinsurance contracts ................................. 
63,004  
70,446 
Expenses from liabilities under insurance or reinsurance contracts ......................... 
(41,560)  
(51,241) 
Gross margin .......................................................................................................... 
1,099,318  
954,830 
Administrative expenses .......................................................................................... 
(637,904)  
(521,966) 
Staff expenses ........................................................................................................ 
(437,462)  
(366,625) 
Other administrative expenses ............................................................................... 
(200,442)  
(155,341) 
Depreciation and amortization ................................................................................. 
(68,922)  
(49,931) 
(Provisions or reversals of provisions)  ................................................................... 
32(468,791)  
(43,131) 
(Impairment or reversal in the value of financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit and loss or net gains by modification) .............................................. 
(181,993)  
(241,927) 
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income .... 
373  
(22) 
Financial assets carried at amortized cost .............................................................. 
(182,366)  
(241,905) 
Net operating income ............................................................................................. 
(258,292)  
97,875 
Impairment or reversal in the value of joint ventures or associates ......................... 
213  
- 
Impairment or reversal in the value of non-financial assets..................................... 
(11,847)  
(2,700) 
Tangible assets ....................................................................................................... 
(4,636)  
2,575 
Intangible assets ..................................................................................................... 
(6,773)  
(6,773) 
Other ...................................................................................................................... 
(438)  
1,498 
Net gain (loss) on derecognition of non-financial assets and investments ............... 
6,922  
2,614 
Negative goodwill recognized in P&L .................................................................... 
1,301,333  
- 
Gain (loss) from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not 
classified as discontinued operations ....................................................................... 
(16,896)  
1,309 
Pre-tax income (or loss) from continuing operations .......................................... 
1,021,433  
99,098 
Tax expense or income on earnings from continued operations .............................. 
91,765  
(21,272) 
Profit or loss after tax from continuing operations............................................. 
1,113,198  
77,826 
Profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations ............................................... 
-  
- 
Profit/(loss) for the year ........................................................................................ 
1,113,198  
77,826 
 
32 This metric has increased with respect to the year 2020 due to the restructuring costs arising from the Merger, which include, among others, 
the total costs arising from the redundancy scheme that will affect the Bank’s employees.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020(1) 
 
Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interest) .................................. 
(4)  
(5) 
Attributable to owners of the parent company ....................................................... 
1,113,202  
77,831 
 
 
 
Earnings per share................................................................................................. 
 
 
Basic earnings per share (€) ................................................................................... 
0.544  
0.045 
Diluted earnings per share (€) ................................................................................ 
0.544  
0.045 
Note: 
 
(1) 
This information has not been adapted or reclassified because the comparability of the Group’s financial information 
hasn’t been affected by the regulatory changes taken place during 2021. See Note 1.5 to the 2021 Consolidated 
Annual Accounts.  
 
Alternative Performance Measures  
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or APMs, which are used by management to evaluate the Group’s overall 
performance or liquidity. These measures are used in the Bank’s planning, operational and financial decision-
making and are commonly used in the finance sector as indicators to monitor institutions’ assets, liabilities and 
economic/financial positions. 
These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measures 
required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal 
estimates, assumptions and calculations. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used 
by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information 
calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the Group’s 
profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review 
these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual accounts incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Bank believes that the description of these APMs in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the 
“ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures” dated 5 October 2015.  
In respect of the Group, Unicaja Banco’s management report in respect of the 2021 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts (the “2021 Management Report”) and Unicaja Banco’s management report in respect of the 2020 
Consolidated Annual Accounts (the “2020 Management Report”), both incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, contain a list of part of the APMs corresponding to Unicaja Banco used in this Base Prospectus, 
along with a reconciliation between them and the IFRS indicators or measures presented in the 2021 
Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts, as applicable. In respect of 
Liberbank, the Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts, contain a list of part of the APMs corresponding 
to Liberbank used in this Base Prospectus, along with a reconciliation between them and the IFRS indicators or 
measures presented in the Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.   
The table below lists part of the Group’s and Liberbank’s APMs mentioned throughout the Base Prospectus and 
includes a reference to the relevant section of the 2021 Management Report, the 2020 Management Report and 
the Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts where these APMs are described and reconciled:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
APMs 
Reference to the 2021 Management Report, the 2020 
Management Report and the Liberbank 2020 Consolidated 
Annual Accounts 
Customer deposits (non-market) excluding 
valuation adjustments (Depósitos de clientes 
(no mercado) sin ajustes de valoración) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Loan to 
Deposits  
• 
Liberbank 
2020 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Accounts:
management report – Section 16 (Alternative performance 
measures) – Loan to deposits 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio (Cobertura 
de adjudicados) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 
1 
(Alternative 
Performance 
Measures) 
–
Foreclosed assets coverage 
LTD ratio (ratio “Loan to Deposits”) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Loan to 
Deposits 
• 
Liberbank 
2020 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Accounts:
management report – (Alternative performance measures) –
Loan to deposits. 
NPL coverage ratio (Ratio de cobertura de la 
morosidad) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – NPL 
coverage ratio. 
• 
Liberbank 
2020 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Accounts:
management report – Section 16 (Alternative performance
measures) – NPL Coverage Ratio.  
NPL ratio (Ratio de morosidad) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – NPL ratio.
• 
Liberbank 
2020 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Accounts:
management report – Section 16 (Alternative performance 
measures) – NPL Ratio. 
Performing loans (Crédito Performing) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 
1 
(Alternative 
Performance 
Measures) 
–
Performing loans. 
Wholesale funds (markets) (Recursos 
administrados (Mercados)) 
• 
2021 Management Report and 2020 Management Report:
Appendix 
1 
(Alternative 
Performance 
Measures) 
–
Wholesale funds (markets).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
In addition to the APMs included by reference to the 2021 Management Report, the 2020 Management Report and 
the Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts in accordance with the table above, the list below includes the 
definition, calculation and relevance of the other APMs used by the Bank in this Base Prospectus:  
FOR UNICAJA BANCO 
- 
Retail funding 
 
Definition: Aggregate of sight deposits, term deposits (excluding covered bonds) and repos controlled by retail 
customers.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to measure the relevance of consumers deposits on the financing structure of 
the Group.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Sight deposits(1)................................................................................ 
58,424 
 
33,500 
 
(+) Term deposits(1) (excluding covered bonds under the heading 
“Term Deposits” Transactional value(2))........................................... 
6,105 
 
4,382 
 
(+) Repos controlled by retail 
customers(2).......................................................................................... 
182 
 
180 
 
Retail fundingAPM................................................................................. 
64,711 
 
38,062 
 
Notes:— 
(1) Source: Section 5: Business magnitudes of the consolidated management report included in the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts 
for the information as of 31 December 2020 and Section 3: Highlights of the period of the consolidated management report included 
in the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2021.  
(2) Source: Appendix I of the consolidated management report included in the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2020 
Consolidated Annual Accounts and Bank’s records, data bases and inventories. 
 
- 
Fixed income debt securities 
 
Definition: Sum of debt securities in the Bank’s portfolio.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to calculate the amount of fixed income stemming from debt securities.  
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
(€ million)
(+) Debt securities not held for 
trading(1)............................................... 
93.8 
 
91.3 
  
(+) Debt securities held for trading(1)............................................... 
1 
 
172 
  
(+) Debt securities designated at fair 
value(1)......................................... 
670.7 
 
1,091.5 
  
(+) Debt securities measured at amortized 
cost(1).................................... 
24,849.7 
 22,157.4 
  
Fixed income debt 
securitiesAPM......................................................... 
25,615.2 
 23,512.2 
  
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Consolidated balance sheet of the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail customers

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Definition: Sum of mortgages and lending granted to consumers.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM as an indicator of the total lending granted to retail customers. 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
  
 
 
(€ million) 
 
(+) Mortgages(1)...................................................................................... 
31,090 
 
14,026 
 
(+) Consumer and other(1)....................................................................... 
2,776 
 
2,511 
 
Mortgage and consumer lendingAPM.................................................. 
33,866 
 
16,537 
 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Section 5: Business magnitudes of the consolidated management report included in the 2020 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2020 and Section 3: Highlights of the period of the consolidated management 
report included in the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2021.  
 
- 
Other liabilities 
 
Definition: Portion of total liabilities that do not correspond to retail fundingAPM (as defined and calculated above), 
public sector customer funds, wholesale funds (markets)APM (as defined and calculated in the 2020 Consolidated 
Annual Accounts), deposits of central banks, deposits of credit institutions and total equity. 
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to calculate the financing structure of the Group.  
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
(+) Total liabilities and equity(1)............................................................ 
115,550 
 65,544 
(-) Retail 
fundingAPM........................................................................................... 
64,711 
 38,062 
(-) Customer funds – Public Sector(2)..................................................... 
9,259 
 
3,265 
(-) Wholesale funds (markets) APM......................................................... 
12,222 
 
7,121 
(-) Deposits – Central Banks(1)............................................................... 
10,291.7 
 
4,998 
(-) Total Equity(1) ................................................................................. 
6,326 
 
4,005 
(-) Deposits – Credit Institutions(1)....................................................... 
6,665 
 
3,805 
Other liabilitiesAPM.............................................................................. 
6,075.3 
 
4,287 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Consolidated balance sheet of the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
(2) Source: Section 5: Business magnitudes of the consolidated management report included in the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts 
for the information as of 31 December 2020 and Section 3: Highlights of the period of the consolidated management report included 
in the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2021.  
 
- 
Sovereign risk 
 
Definition: Sum of financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets 
carried at amortized cost.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to calculate the total exposure in order to define its sovereign risk.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
  
 
 
(€ million) 
 
(+) Financial assets designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income(1)……………………………………………. 
598.6 
 
1,000.8 
 
(+) Financial assets carried at amortized cost(1)...................................... 
22,713 
 17,996.5  
Sovereign riskAPM................................................................................... 
23,311.6 
 18,997.3  
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Note 27 of the 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities  
 
Definition: These APMs determine the amount of assets and of liabilities, as applicable, which the Bank considers 
have floating rates.  
Relevance: The Bank uses these operating metrics to monitor the sensibility of its balance sheet to movements in 
interest rates.  
Calculation: These metrics cannot be reconciled directly with the Bank’s balance sheet. To produce these metrics, 
the Bank applies to its balance sheet asset liquidity management tools that determine the exposure by type of product 
and, on the basis of such determination, and based on the Bank’s criteria, it is determined which balance sheet line 
items (both at an asset and liability level) are considered to be variable rate items and therefore are subject to repricing 
risk. 
 
 
As of 31 
December  
As of 31 
December 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
(€ million) 
Variable rate assetsAPM 
69,279 
 
36,049 
Variable rate liabilitiesAPM 
42,139 
 
30,806 
 
FOR LIBERBANK 
- 
Retail deposits 
 
Definition: Sum of demand deposits and term deposits 
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to measure the relevance of consumers deposits on the financing structure of 
Liberbank. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Demand deposits (1)........................................................................................... 
20,842 
 
18,066 
(+) Term deposits (1)................................................................................................. 
3,644 
 
4,783 
Retail depositsAPM................................................................................................... 
24,487 
 
22,849 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Liberbank’s fourth quarter 2020 financial report.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
- 
Wholesale funds (markets) 
Definition: Sum of covered bonds (non-retained), Bonds and EMTNs and Tier 2 Issuance.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to define the total balance of wholesale funds managed by Liberbank in capital 
markets transactions. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Covered bonds (non-retained)(1)......................................................................... 
3,593 
 
3,479 
(+) Bonds and EMTNs(1)......................................................................................... 
95 
 
95 
(+) Tier 2 Issuance(2)............................................................................................... 
300 
 
300 
Wholesale funds (markets)APM............................................................................. 
3,988 
 
3,874 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Liberbank’s fourth quarter 2020 financial report. 
(2) 
Source: Note 18 of Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Deposits and repos from credit institutions  
Definition: Sum of repurchase agreements and deposits in credit institutions.  
Relevance: The Bank use this APM to measure the total amount of deposits and repos from credit institutions of 
Liberbank.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Repurchase agreements(1)................................................................................. 
4,240 
 
2,941 
(+) Deposits in credit institutions(2).......................................................................... 
2,293 
 
2,483 
Deposits and repos from credit institutionsAPM.................................................. 
6,533 
 
5,424 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Liberbank’s fourth quarter 2020 financial report. 
(2) 
Source: consolidated balance sheet of Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Other liabilities 
Definition: Portion of total liabilities that do not correspond to retail depositsAPM (as defined and calculated above), 
public sector customer funds, wholesale funds (markets)APM (as defined and calculated above), deposits of central 
banks, deposits of credit institutionsAPM (as defined and calculated above) and total equity.  
Relevance: The Bank use this APM to measure the total amount of deposits and repos from credit institutions of 
Liberbank.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Total liabilities and equity(1).............................................................................. 
47,510 
 
41,947 
(-) Retail depositsAPM.............................................................................................. 
24,487 
 
22,849 
(-) Customer funds – Public Sector(2)……………………………………………... 
2,309 
 
1,825

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(-) Wholesale funds (markets) APM.......................................................................... 
3,988 
 
3,874 
(-) Deposits – Central Banks(3)................................................................................ 
4,464 
 
2,896 
(-) Total Equity(3) .................................................................................................... 
3,352 
 
3,114 
(-) Deposits – Credit Institutions APM....................................................................... 
6,533 
 
5,424 
Other liabilitiesAPM................................................................................................ 
2,375 
 
1,965 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Liberbank’s fourth quarter 2020 financial report. 
(2) 
Source: Note 18 of Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
(3) 
Source: consolidated balance sheet of Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Refinance and restructured gross loans  
 
Definition: Sum of refinance and restructured gross loans with and without security interest. 
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to measure the total amount of refinance and restructure gross loans of 
Liberbank. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Refinance and restructured gross loans without security interest(1)................. 
59.6 
 
59.8 
(+) Refinance and restructured gross loans with security interest (1).................. 
308.2 
 
334.8 
Refinance and restructured gross loansAPM........................................................ 
367.8 
 
394.6 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Note 3.2.4 of Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio 
 
Definition: Percentage of total coverage of gross debt of real estate assets. 
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to show the extent to which foreclosed real estate assets of Liberbank are 
covered. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
(€ million) 
(1) Total coverage (1).............................................................................................. 
660.8 
 
695,8 
(2) Gross debt of real estate assets from financing for construction and real 
estate development(1)........................................................................................... 
1,333.6 
 
1,485.6 
(1/2) Foreclosed assets coverage ratioAPM............................................. 
49.5% 
 
46.8% 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Note 3.2.9 of Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
 
- 
Variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities  
 
Definition: These APMs determine the amount of assets and of liabilities of Liberbank, as applicable, which the Bank 
considers have floating rates.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Relevance: The Bank uses these operating metrics to monitor the sensibility of Liberbank’s balance sheet to 
movements in interest rates.  
Calculation: These metrics cannot be reconciled directly with Liberbank’s balance sheet. To produce these metrics, 
the Bank applies to the balance sheet asset liquidity management tools that determine the exposure by type of product 
and, on the basis of such determination, and based on the Bank’s criteria, it is determined which balance sheet line 
items (both at an asset and liability level) are considered to be variable rate items and therefore are subject to repricing 
risk. 
 
 As of 31 December 2020 
 
 
(€ million) 
Variable rate assetsAPM 
20,171 
Variable rate liabilitiesAPM 
10,949.4

--- Page 147 ---
147 
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING 
POWERS 
The regulatory framework regarding the solvency of credit entities (which includes requirements to hold a 
certain level of own funds) is established by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC (as amended, “CRD IV Directive”), Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended, “CRR I”) and any CRD IV Implementing Measures (as 
this term is defined in the Conditions of the Notes, and together with CRR I and the CRD IV Directive, “CRD 
IV”). The implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Spain took place through Royal Decree-Law 14/2013, 
of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt Spanish law to EU regulations on the subject of supervision and 
solvency of financial entities, Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions (“Law 10/2014”), Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (the “Royal 
Decree 84/2015”) and Bank of Spain Circulars 2/2014, of 31 January, and 2/2016, of 2 February, to credit 
entities, on supervision and solvency, which completes the adaptation of Spanish law to CRR I and CRD IV 
Directive (the “Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016”).   
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the “BRRD”), that has 
been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, also establishes certain 
requirements in terms of MREL. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms amending 
CRR I, the CRD IV Directive, BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms (the “SRM Regulation”). On 14 May 2019 the text was formally 
approved by the Council of the European Union. On 7 June 2019 the following regulations were published: (i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, the “CRD V Directive”) amending the CRD IV Directive, (ii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, “BRRD II”) amending, among other things, the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or 
supplemented from time to time, “CRR II”) amending, among other things, the CRR I as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements, and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the 
“SRM Regulation II”) amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM 
Regulation II, the “EU Banking Reforms”). The EU Banking Reforms entered into force on 27 June 2019 and 
apply since 29 December 2020, other than in the case of CRR II where a two-year period was provided for, 
subject to certain exceptions.  
The CRD V Directive and the BRRD II have been implemented into Spanish law through Royal Decree-Law 
7/2021, of 27 April, (“RDL 7/2021”) which has amended, amongst others, Law 10/2014 and Law 11/2015, 
Royal Decree 970/2021, of 8 November, which amended Royal Decree 84/2015, Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 
24 November, which amended Royal Decree 1012/2015 and certain Circulars of the Bank of Spain. Despite the

--- Page 148 ---
148 
fact that RDL 7/2021 is generally enforceable since 29 April 2021, the Spanish Parliament decided on 19 May 
2021 to process it as a Law and so RDL 7/2021 provisions may be subject to changes. In addition and given the 
recent implementation of the CRD V Directive and the BRRD II, there is uncertainty as to how the EU Banking 
Reforms will be applied by the relevant authorities. 
The package of reforms presented by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 included a proposal to 
create a new asset class of “non preferred” senior debt. On 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, 
approving urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior non preferred 
debt. 
In addition, in reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, in June 2020 the European Parliament and the Council of 
the European Union adopted a banking package (the “COVID-19 Banking Package”) that provides targeted 
and exceptional legislative changes to CRR II intended to allow credit institutions to fully play their role in 
managing the economic shock that stems from the COVID-19 pandemic by fostering credit flows. The targeted 
amendments concern, among others: (i) the introduction in advance of some capital relief measures for banks 
under CRR II; (ii) changes to the calculation of the leverage ratio; and (iii) changes to the minimum amount of 
capital that banks are required to hold for NPLs under the “prudential backstop”.  
Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects on a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM Regulation III”), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes 
(“DGSD II”). The consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and was split into two main sections: a section 
covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders 
experience with the current framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably on (i) 
resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of 
creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse-off principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. No 
agreement was reached on potential changes during the public consultation, and therefore further work will be 
needed and legislative proposals on this are only expected during 2022. 
Additionally, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals amending CRR I 
and the CRD IV Directive, as well as a separate legislative proposal amending CRR I and BRRD in the area of 
resolution. In particular, these legislative proposals are the following: (i) Directive of the European Parliament 
and of the Council amending CRD IV Directive as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country 
branches, and environmental, social and governance risks, and amending BRRD; (ii) Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council and its annex amending CRR I as regards requirements for credit risk, 
credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor; and (iii) Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council amending CRR I and BRRD as regards the prudential treatment of 
global systemically important institution groups with a multiple point of entry resolution strategy and a 
methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities. These legislative proposals will need to follow the ordinary legislative procedure 
to become binding EU law. The average length of the ordinary legislative procedure is of around 18 months. 
However, the timing for the final implementation of these legislative proposals is unclear as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The final package of new legislation may not include all elements currently set out in the 
proposal and new or amended elements may be introduced through the course of the legislative process.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Capital requirements 
Under CRD IV, Unicaja Banco and the Group are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 
8% of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”) of which at least 4.5% must be CET1 capital and at least 6% must be 
Tier 1 capital (together, the “minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements”).  
Moreover, Article 104 of CRD IV Directive, as implemented in Spain by Article 68 of Law 10/2014 and Article 
94 of Royal Decree 84/2015, and similarly Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 October 
2013, conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the “SSM Regulation”), also contemplates that in addition to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital 
requirements, the supervisory authorities may require further capital to cover other risks. This may result in the 
imposition of additional capital requirements on Unicaja Banco and/or the Group pursuant to this “Pillar 2” 
framework. Following the introduction of the SSM, the ECB is in charge of assessing additional “Pillar 2” 
capital requirements (“P2R”) through the supervisory review and evaluation process (the “SREP”) assessments 
to be carried out at least on an annual basis (accordingly requirements may change from year to year). 
In addition to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements and the P2R, credit institutions must comply with 
the “combined buffer requirement” set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented in Spain. The “combined 
buffer requirement” has introduced up to five new capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: 
(i) the capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions (“G-
SII”) buffer which shall not be less than 1% of RWAs; (iii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer 
(consisting of the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions 
where the relevant credit exposures are located), which may be as much as 2.5% of RWAs (or higher pursuant 
to the competent authority); (iv) the other systemically important institutions (“O-SII”) buffer, which may be 
as much as 3% of RWAs (or higher pursuant to the competent authority); and (v) the systemic risk buffer to 
prevent systemic or macro prudential risks (to be set by the competent authority). 
The Bank has not been classified as G-SII or as O-SII by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) nor by any 
competent authority so, unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it is not 
required to maintain the G-SII buffer or the O-SII buffer. In addition, the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the 
countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0% for the second quarter of 2022 
(requirements will be revised each quarter). Some or all of the other buffers may also apply to the Bank from 
time to time as determined by the Bank of Spain, the ECB or any other competent authority. 
As set out in the “Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of “Pillar 1”, “Pillar 2” and 
combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions” published on 16 December 2015, competent 
authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account in determining the CET1 capital 
available to meet the “combined buffer requirement” for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(as defined below) calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the minimum “Pillar 1” capital 
requirements and the P2R of the institution and, accordingly, the “combined buffer requirement” is in addition 
to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirement and to the P2R, and therefore it would be the first layer of capital 
to be eroded pursuant to the applicable stacking order. CRD V Directive clarifies that P2R should be positioned 
in the relevant stacking order of own funds requirements above the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements 
and below the “combined buffer requirement” or the leverage ratio buffer requirement, as relevant. In addition, 
CRD V Directive also clarifies that P2R should be set in relation to the specific situation of an institution 
excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including the risks incurred by individual institutions due to 
their activities (including those reflecting the impact of certain economic and market developments on the risk 
profile of an individual institution) and it also allows the P2R to be partially covered with Additional Tier 1 
Instruments and Tier 2 Instruments.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain 
Circular 2/2016, those entities failing to meet the “combined buffer requirement” or making a distribution in 
connection with CET1 capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the “combined 
buffer requirement” is no longer met will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, 
(ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions 
relating to Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, until the maximum distributable amount calculated according 
to CRD IV (i.e., the firm’s “distributable profits”, calculated in accordance with CRD IV, multiplied by a factor 
dependent on the extent of the shortfall in CET1 capital) (the “Maximum Distributable Amount”) has been 
calculated and communicated to the Bank of Spain. Thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be 
subject to such Maximum Distributable Amount for entities (a) not meeting the “combined buffer requirement” 
or (b) in relation to which the Bank of Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 
10/2014 aimed at strengthening own funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends.  
In accordance with Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of the Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, 
restrictions of discretionary payments will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the “combined 
buffer requirement” and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution generated since the last annual 
decision on the distribution of profits. Such calculation will result in a “Maximum Distributable Amount” in 
each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the combined buffer 
requirement, no “discretionary payments” will be permitted to be made. As a consequence, in the event of 
breach of the “combined buffer requirement” (including where additional capital requirements are imposed that 
have the result of increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV) it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments (in whole or in part). 
In addition, a new Article 16.a) of the BRRD, as recently amended by BRRD II, better clarifies the stacking 
order between the “combined buffer requirement” and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, 
a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing the “maximum distributable 
amount” for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the new Article 16.a)(4) of the 
BRRD) (the “MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision”) through distribution of dividends, 
variable remuneration and payments to holders of Additional Tier 1 Instruments, where it meets the “combined 
buffer requirement” but fails to meet that “combined buffer requirement” when considered in addition to the 
MREL requirements. The referred Article 16.a) of the BRRD includes a potential nine-month grace period 
whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under the MREL-
Maximum Distributable Amount Provision before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power 
under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions). The MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount 
Provision is fully applicable from 1 January 2022.  
As communicated by the EBA on 1 July 2016 and included in the CRD V Directive, in addition to the minimum 
“Pillar 1” capital requirements, the P2R and the “combined buffer requirements”, the supervisor can also set a 
“Pillar 2” capital guidance (“P2G”). Thus, SREP decisions of 2016 onwards differentiate between P2R and 
P2G. While P2R are binding requirements and breaches can have direct legal consequences for the banks, P2G 
is not directly binding and a failure to meet it does not automatically trigger legal action, even though the ECB 
expects banks to meet P2G. Following this clarification, the clarifications contained in the “EBA Pillar 2 
Roadmap” (April 2017) and the guidelines on the revised common procedures and methodologies for the SREP 
and supervisor stress testing published by the EBA on 19 July 2018, banks are expected to meet the P2G with 
CET1 capital on top of the level of binding capital requirements (“Pillar 1” capital requirements, P2R and the 
“combined buffer requirements”). Under the EU Banking Reforms, the P2G is not relevant for the purposes of 
triggering the automatic restriction of the discretionary payments and calculation of the Maximum Distributable 
Amount. CRD V provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to meet the P2G, the competent authority 
should be entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, to impose additional own funds 
requirements.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
In reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, on 12 March 2020 the ECB announced measures, which are still in force 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, expected to provide capital relief to banks in support of the economy. 
These measures include the permission to (i) operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by P2G, the 
“capital conservation buffer” and the LCR and (ii) use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for 
example Additional Tier 1 Instruments and Tier 2 Instruments) to meet P2R33 . Also on that date, the EBA 
announced its decision to postpone the EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021 to allow banks to prioritise 
operational continuity and has announced that flexibility will guide supervisory approaches. On 10 February 
2022, the ECB announced that it will not extend capital and leverage relief due to the COVID-19 pandemic and 
therefore institutions are once again expected to operate above P2G from 1 January 2023 and will need to 
reinclude certain central bank exposures in the leverage ratio from 1 April 2022 
In addition to the statements on using flexibility within accounting and prudential rules, such as those made by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”), the EBA and the ECB, amongst others, the European 
Commission proposed a few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU’s banking prudential rules in order to 
maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. On 28 June 2020, Regulation 
2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June amending CRR I and CRR II as regards 
certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic (“Quick Fix”) entered into force setting out 
exceptional temporary measures, which are still applicable as of the date of this Base Prospectus until 31 
December 2022, to alleviate the immediate impact of COVID-19-related developments, by adapting the 
timeline of the application of international accounting standards on banks’ capital, by treating more favourably 
public guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer, 
by setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central 
government debt markets during the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions, by modifying the way of excluding 
certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio34, by advancing the date of application of several 
agreed measures that incentivise banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects and by aligning 
the minimum coverage requirements for NPLs that benefit from public guarantees with those that benefit from 
guarantees granted by official export credit agencies (among others). 
On 4 May 2022, the Bank was informed by the ECB of the results of the SREP, which include the supervisory 
decision regarding capital requirements applicable to the Group for 2022 (applicable both at an individual and 
consolidated level). The details of these phased in capital requirements are described below:  
 
 CET1 ratio  
Total 
capital 
 
Pillar 1 ......................................................................................................... 
4.50%
8.00% 
Pillar 2 (P2R)35 ............................................................................................ 
1.21%
2.15% 
Conservation buffer ..................................................................................... 
2.50%
2.50% 
Other buffers ............................................................................................... 
0.00%
0.00% 
Total requirement ..................................................................................... 
8.21%
12.65% 
 
The table below sets out the Group’s capital position as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
33  The CRD V Directive establishes that P2R can be partially covered by Additional Tier 1 Instruments and Tier 2 Instruments, at least 56.25% 
must be covered with CET1, 18.75% with Additional Tier 1 and 25% with Tier 2. Before the CRD V Directive, and prior to their decision on 
12 March 2020 related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB required P2R to be covered with CET1 in its entirety.   
34 On 18 June 2021 the ECB determined that exceptional circumstances continue to exist to warrant the exclusion of the central bank exposures 
listed in the Quick Fix.  
35 P2R only applies at a consolidated level.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
31 December 202136 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
 
 
CET1 ratio .....................................  
13.6% 
12.5%
 
16.6%
15.0%
 
 
T1 ratio ..........................................  
15.2% 
14.1%
 
16.8%
15.2%
 
 
Total capital ratio ..........................  
16.8% 
15.8%
 
18.2%
16.6%
 
 
As of 31 March 2022, the Group’s capital position37 was as follows: a phased in CET1 ratio of 13.3% (12.6% 
fully loaded), a phased in T1 ratio of 14.9% (14.2% fully loaded) and a phased in Total capital ratio of 16.6% 
(15.9% fully loaded). 
As of 31 December 2021, the RWAs of the Group amounted to €35,291 million (€22,492 million as of 31 
December 2020).  
Any failure by the Bank or by the Group to comply with its regulatory capital requirements could result in the 
imposition of administrative actions or sanctions, such as further P2Rs or the adoption of any early intervention 
or, ultimately, resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, which, together with 
Royal Decree 1012/2015 have implemented BRRD into Spanish law. See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the 
Issuer and the Group—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks—Increasingly onerous capital, liquidity and 
funding requirements constitute one of the Group’s main regulatory challenges”. 
Leverage ratio 
In addition to the above, Article 429 of the CRR I requires institutions to calculate their leverage ratio (“LR”) 
in accordance with the methodology laid down in that article. The EU Banking Reforms contain a binding 3% 
Tier 1 LR requirement, that has been added to the own funds requirements in Article 92 of the CRR I, and which 
institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements.  
This LR requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements described above. Thus, 
any additional own funds requirements may be imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of 
excessive leverage, these requirements should be added to the minimum leverage ratio requirement (and not to 
the minimum risk based own funds requirement). Furthermore, institutions should also be able to use any CET1 
instruments that they use to meet their leverage-related requirements to meet their risk-based own funds 
requirements, including the “combined buffer requirement”. 
The table below sets out the Group’s LRs as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
 
Leverage ratio...................... 
5.44% 
5.04%
6.1%
5.5% 
 
 
 
36 Capital ratios as of December 2021 include the profit for the year ended 31 December 2021, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.  
37  Capital ratios as of March 2022 include the profit for the period ended 31 March 2022, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
MREL requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall 
hold a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities. The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own 
funds and eligible liabilities and expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(pursuant to BRRD II, it shall be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount or the total 
exposure measure of the institution, calculated in each case in accordance with CRR I). The level of capital and 
eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based 
on the resolution plan and other criteria. The resolution authority for the Bank is the SRB. Eligible liabilities 
may be senior or subordinated liabilities, provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining 
maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted 
under that law (including through contractual provisions).  
The EU Banking Reforms further include, as part of MREL, a new subordination requirement of eligible 
instruments for G-SIIs and “top tier” banks involving a minimum MREL “Pillar 1” subordination requirement 
and an institution specific MREL “Pillar 2” subordination requirement. This “Pillar 1” subordination 
requirement shall be satisfied with own funds and other eligible MREL instruments (which MREL instruments 
may not for these purposes be senior debt instruments and only MREL instruments constituting “non-preferred” 
senior debt under the new insolvency hierarchy introduced in Spain by RDL 11/2017 will be eligible for 
compliance with the subordination requirement). Resolution authorities may also impose “Pillar 2” 
subordination requirements (including to institutions not constituting G-SIIs or “top tier” banks), which would 
be determined on a case-by-case basis but subject to certain caps. 
In February 2021 Unicaja Banco received a formal communication from the Bank of Spain regarding the MREL 
requirement on a consolidated basis, as determined by the SRB. In accordance with such communication, 
Unicaja Banco must comply by 1 January 2024 with a minimum of own funds and eligible liabilities of 18.01% 
of the TREA (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”) and 5.24% of the 
LRE. As for the intermediate requirement, the SRB has decided that, by 1 January 2022, Unicaja Banco must 
comply with an amount of own funds and eligible liabilities on a consolidated basis equal to 15.63% of the 
TREA (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”) and 5.24% of the LRE. The 
MREL requirement is aligned with the Bank’s expectations and the funding plan as described in its strategic 
plan. As of 31 December 2021, Unicaja Banco reached a MREL ratio of 18.68% of the TREA and 6.71% of the 
LRE at consolidated level. 
According to the EU Banking Reforms, any failure by an institution to meet the applicable minimum MREL 
requirements will be treated similarly as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements, where 
resolution authorities must ensure that they intervene and place an institution into resolution sufficiently early 
if it is deemed to be failing or likely to fail and there is no reasonable prospect of recovery. 
If any Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) finds that there could exist any obstacles to 
resolvability of the Bank and/or the Group, a higher MREL could be imposed. In addition, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no information on the MREL requirement for the Group resulting from the Merger is available. 
Liquidity requirements 
The Group should also comply with the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) requirements provided in CRR I . 
The LCR is the short-term indicator which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily 
monetizable (cash and the readily liquidable securities held by the Group) and the net cash imbalance 
accumulated over a 30-day liquidity stress period. It is a quantitative liquidity standard designed to ensure that 
banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity 
stress period. Since 1 January 2018, the entities to which this standard applies (including the Group) must

--- Page 154 ---
154 
comply with 100% of the applicable LCR requirement. The LCR of the Group was 307% as of 31 December 
2021 (310% as of 31 December 2020), above the regulatory minimum requirement of 100%.  
The BCBS’ net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) is the 12-month structural liquidity indicator which corresponds 
to the ratio between the available amount of stable funding and the statutory amount of stable funding. It has 
been developed to provide a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a 
stable funding profile in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities that reduces the likelihood that 
disruptions to a bank’s regular sources of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way that could increase 
the risk of its failure. The BCBS contemplated in the Basel III phase-in arrangements document that the NSFR, 
including any revisions, would be implemented by member countries as a minimum standard by 1 January 
2018, with no phase-in scheduled. The EU Banking Reforms contain the implementation of the BCBS standard 
on NSFR introducing some adjustments. The NSFR ratio of the Group was 142% as of 31 December 2021 
(142% as of 31 December 2020), above the regulatory minimum requirement of 100%. 
Loss absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation  
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) is 
designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in unsound 
or failing credit institutions or investment firms (each an “institution”) so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure 
on the economy and financial system. 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency 
or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The 
determination that an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of that institution’s control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or 
in combination where the FROB, the SRB established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, as the case may be and 
according to Law 11/2015, the Bank of Spain or the CNMV, or any other entity with the authority to exercise 
any such tools and powers from time to time or to perform the role of a primary bank resolution authority (each, 
a “Relevant Resolution Authority”) as appropriate, considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail 
in the near future, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the 
sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms); (ii) bridge institution (which 
enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge 
institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control)); (iii) asset separation 
(which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets to one or more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through 
eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only)); and (iv) the 
bail-in (which includes certain elements of the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). The bail-in includes 
the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity 
or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities and obligations could also be subject to any future 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain unsecured debt claims and subordinated obligations.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
The “Spanish Bail-in Power” is any write down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not 
limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended from time 
to time, (iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or 
standards made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligation of an institution can 
be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
institution or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015, in addition to the mandatory exclusions set 
forth in Article 27.3 of the SRM Regulation and in Article 42 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application 
of the Spanish Bail-in Power to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any 
resulting write down or conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 Instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other 
subordinated claims that do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 capital and (v) the principal or 
outstanding amount of bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings (with “non-preferred” senior claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated 
claims against the Bank but before the other senior claims against the Bank).  
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
provide for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert 
into equity capital instruments and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an institution 
or a group of which the institution forms part (“Non-Viability Loss Absorption”) of an institution or a group. 
The point of non-viability of an institution is the point at which the Relevant Resolution Authority determines 
that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant 
capital instruments are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is to be provided 
and without such support the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be 
viable. The point of non-viability of a group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective 
elements to support a determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency 
requirements in a way that would justify action by the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 
38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any 
exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where the conditions for 
resolution referred to above are met). 
In accordance with Article 64.1(i) of Law 11/2015, the Relevant Resolution Authority has also the power to 
alter the amount of interest payable under debt instruments and other bail-inable liabilities of institutions subject 
to resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument 
(including the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). 
Prudential treatment of NPLs 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the addendum (the “Addendum”) to the ECB Guidance to banks on 
NPLs published on 20 March 2017 (the “NPL Guidance”). The Addendum specifies the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs, it is non-binding but will serve as the basis for the 
supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB banking supervision. The ECB assesses any 
differences between banks’ practices and the prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the Addendum at 
least annually. During the supervisory dialogue, the ECB discusses with each bank divergences from the 
prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the addendum. After this dialogue and taking into account the 
bank’s specific situation, ECB Banking Supervision decides, on a case-by-case basis, whether and which 
supervisory measures are appropriate. The result of this dialogue will be incorporated, for the first time, in the

--- Page 156 ---
156 
2021 SREP. In addition, in a press release dated 11 July 2018, the ECB announced that, in order to address the 
stock of NPLs and with the aim of achieving the same coverage of NPL stock and flow over the medium term, 
it would set bank-specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of NPLs. Such supervisory expectations 
for NPL provisioning, which are part of the ongoing supervisory dialogue, will add more pressure on financial 
results.  
As part of the EU Commission’s package of measures aimed at addressing the risks related to high levels of 
NPLs in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 
amends CRR I as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), introducing a clear 
set of conditions for the classification of NPEs. This regulation establishes clear criteria on the determination 
of NPEs, the concept of forbearance measures, deduction for NPEs and treatment of expected loss amounts.  
Besides the measures contained in the COVID-19 Banking Package, in connection with the measures adopted 
in reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak and more specifically in connection with the measures announced by the 
ECB to ensure that its directly supervised banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and 
corporations, the ECB announced additional measures introducing supervisory flexibility regarding the 
treatment of NPLs, in particular to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and moratoriums put in place 
by public authorities to tackle the current distress. In light of that scenario, the EBA has also issued statements 
regarding the prudential framework in relation to the classification of loans in default, classification of 
exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring, and their 
accounting treatment. In particular, the EBA has clarified that generalised payment delays due to legislative 
initiatives and addressed to all borrowers do not lead to any automatic classification in default, forborne or 
unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of the likeliness to pay should be prioritized) and has clarified the 
requirements for public and private moratoria, which if fulfilled, are expected to help avoid the classification 
of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under 
the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Also investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an 
investor holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the tax 
consequences for them of any such appointment. 
Spanish tax considerations  
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition 
and holding of the Notes by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the Notes. The information 
provided below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently applicable in 
Spain, and it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and does not address all 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as look through entities or 
Holders by reason of employment) may be subject to special rules. 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Notes are initially 
registered for clearance and settlement in Iberclear. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences, including 
those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and disposing of the 
Notes. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, as well as Royal Decree 
1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management 
procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”);  
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are personal income tax (“PIT”) taxpayers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March, approving the PIT Regulations, as amended (the “PIT Regulations”) by Royal 
Decree 633/2015, of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as amended, and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
the CIT Law, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended 
(the “CIT Regulations”); and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended (“NRIT Law”) and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30

--- Page 158 ---
158 
July, promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended (“NRIT Regulations”) along with Law 19/1991, 
of 6 June, on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, 
as amended. 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Holder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e. exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, dated 24 September 1993 and exempt from 
Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, dated 28 December 1992 regulating such tax. 
Unicaja Banco understands that the Notes should be deemed as financial assets with an explicit yield for Spanish 
tax purposes, according to Article 91 of the PIT Regulations and Article 63 of the CIT Regulations. 
Direct taxation 
(a) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in each investor’s 
savings income and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently 19% for taxable income 
up to €6,000; 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 23% for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000 and 26% for taxable income exceeding €200,000. 
Income from the transfer of the Notes is computed as the difference between their transfer value and 
their acquisition or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into 
account, insofar as adequately evidenced, in calculating the income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Notes, in the event that the investor had acquired other 
homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, shall 
be included in his or her PIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Notes will be 
deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
A (current) 19% withholding on account of PIT will be imposed by Unicaja Banco on interest payments 
as well as on income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Notes, by individual investors 
subject to PIT. 
However, income derived from the transfer of the Notes should not be subject to withholding on account 
of PIT provided that the Notes are: 
(i) 
registered by way of book entries; and 
(ii) 
negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario oficial), such as AIAF. 
Notwithstanding the above, 19% withholding tax shall apply on the part of the transfer price that 
corresponds to the accrued interest when the transfer of the Notes takes place within the 30-day period 
prior to the moment in which such interest is due when the following requirements are fulfilled: 
(i) 
the acquirer would be a non-resident or a CIT taxpayer;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(ii) 
the explicit yield derived from the Notes being transferred is exempt from withholding tax. 
In any event, the individual holder may credit the withholding tax applied by Unicaja Banco against his 
or her final PIT liability for the relevant tax year. 
Reporting Obligations 
Unicaja Banco will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect 
to beneficial owners of the Notes that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in 
each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma), individuals with tax residency in Spain would be 
subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions 
provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they 
should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 December in each year, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although the final tax rates may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. The applicable rates range between 7.65% and 81.6%, although the final 
tax rate may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws. Some tax benefits could reduce the 
effective tax rate. 
(b) 
Spanish tax resident legal entities 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes are subject to CIT at the current general flat tax rate of 25%. 
However, this general rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply 
to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%).  
In addition, on 28 December 2021, Spain enacted Law 22/2021, of the General State Budget for 2022, 
which includes, among other measures, the regulation of a minimum effective tax rate introduced in the 
Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law and the Non-Residents Income Tax Law with effects as of 1 January 
2022 (i.e. the minimum net tax liability is 18 per cent. of the tax base for credit institutions). 
No withholding on account of CIT will be imposed on interest payments or on income derived from the 
redemption or repayment of the Notes, by Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that certain requirements are 
met (including that the Iberclear Members that have the Notes registered in their securities account on 
behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that 
have an agreement with Iberclear, provide Unicaja Banco, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement, as defined below). See “—Compliance with Certain Requirements in 
Connection with Income Payments”. 
With regard to income derived from the transfer of the Notes, in accordance with Article 61.q of the CIT 
Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income derived from the Notes obtained by Spanish 
CIT taxpayers (which include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension 
funds) provided that the Notes are:

--- Page 160 ---
160 
(i) 
registered by way of book entries; and 
(i) 
negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market, such as AIAF. 
Reporting Obligations 
Unicaja Banco will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect 
to beneficial owners of the Notes that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but generally must include the 
market value of the Notes in their taxable income for CIT purposes. 
(c) 
Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain 
(i) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, acting in respect of the Notes through a 
permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
If the Notes form part of the assets affected to a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or 
legal entity that is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Notes are, generally, the same as those set forth above for Spanish CIT 
taxpayers. See “—Spanish tax resident legal entities–Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes will not in 
itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Reporting Obligations 
Unicaja Banco will comply with the reporting obligations set forth under Spanish tax laws with 
respect to beneficial owners of the Notes that are individuals or legal entities not resident in Spain 
for tax purposes and that act with respect to the Notes through a permanent establishment in 
Spain. 
(ii) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, not acting in respect of the Notes through 
a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Both interest payments periodically received under the Notes and income derived from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not 
resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Notes, through a 
permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT and therefore no withholding on 
account of NRIT will be levied on such income provided certain requirements are met. See “—
Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income Payments”. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from NRIT, certain requirements must be met (including 
that, in respect of interest payments from the Notes carried out by Unicaja Banco, the Iberclear

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Members that have the Notes registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as 
well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an agreement 
with Iberclear, provide Unicaja Banco, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and completed 
Payment Statement, as defined below), as set forth in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. See 
“—Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income Payments”. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco in a timely manner in respect of a payment of 
interest under the Notes, Unicaja Banco will withhold Spanish withholding tax at the applicable 
rate (currently 19 per cent.) on such payment of income on the Notes and Unicaja Banco will not 
pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
A beneficial owner who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption from 
NRIT, but to whom payment was not exempt from Spanish withholding tax due to a failure on 
the delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco, will receive 
a refund of the amount withheld, with no need for action on the beneficial owner’s part, if Unicaja 
Banco receives a duly executed and completed Payment Statement no later than the tenth calendar 
day of the month immediately following the relevant payment date. 
In addition, beneficial owners of the Notes may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for 
any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the NRIT Law 
and its regulations. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 
would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although 
some reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Notes which income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to the Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the rules approved by the 
autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be 
exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over 
the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered 
into a double tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double 
tax treaty. 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax applies, 
applicable Inheritance and Gift Tax rates would range between 7.65% and 81.6%, depending on 
relevant factors.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax according 
to the rules set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, 
prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to NRIT. 
If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, 
the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation of 
this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
(d) 
Compliance with certain requirements in connection with income payments 
As described under “Spanish tax resident legal entities—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”, “—Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain”, provided the 
conditions set forth in Law 10/2014 are met, income payments made by Unicaja Banco in respect of the 
Notes for the benefit of Spanish CIT taxpayers, or for the benefit of non-Spanish tax resident investors 
will not be subject to Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Iberclear Members that have the Notes 
registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the 
clearing systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable, provide 
Unicaja Banco, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and completed statement (a “Payment 
Statement”) (which is attached as Annex I), in accordance with section 4 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007 containing the following information: 
(i) 
Identification of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Total amount of the income paid by Unicaja Banco. 
(iii) 
Amount of the income corresponding to individual residents in Spain that are PIT taxpayers. 
(iv) 
Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and completed 
Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco in a timely manner in respect of a payment of income made by 
Unicaja Banco under the Notes, such payment will be made net of Spanish withholding tax, currently at 
the rate of 19%. If this were to occur, affected beneficial owners will receive a refund of the amount 
withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Iberclear Members submit a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco no later than the tenth calendar day of the month 
immediately following the relevant payment date. In addition, beneficial owners may apply directly to 
the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set 
forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations 
established in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (see above) will have to be complied with upon the 
redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
In respect of Zero Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, if the Spanish tax authorities 
consider that the information obligations established in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 must also 
be complied with for, or that the holder of such notes shall provide the Issuer with a legally required 
certificate issued by the Spanish financial institution or established in Spain that intervenes in their 
reimbursement (accrediting the prior acquisition of the notes and the corresponding acquisition price) or 
a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the country of its tax residence if the holder 
of such notes is non-Spanish resident (such certificates currently being valid for a period of one year 
since the date of issuance), the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such notes, adopt the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such information 
obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences and, in particular, the withholding tax 
obligations set forth under the Spanish regulations in relation to the Zero Coupon Notes (including, 
among others, its acquisition, tenancy, repayment, redemption and disposition). 
Prospective investors should note that Unicaja Banco does not accept any responsibility relating 
to the lack of delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement by the Iberclear 
Members in connection with each payment of income under the Notes. Accordingly, Unicaja Banco 
will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner who would otherwise be 
entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are 
nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because the Payment Statement was not duly 
delivered to Unicaja Banco. Moreover, Unicaja Banco will not pay any additional amounts with 
respect to any such withholding tax. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary’ market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Spanish FTT 
The FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021). 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalization exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved 
in the transaction. 
For the purposes of transactions closed during 2022, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose 
market capitalization exceeded €1 billion as of 1 December 2021, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish 
FTT. The Issuer was included in such list. 
This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Notes since (i) the Spanish FTT only applies 
on the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so while the Notes are not affected by such tax; and 
(ii) transactions in the primary market and initial public offerings are exempt from the Spanish FTT. However,

--- Page 164 ---
164 
it may subject other transactions involving the transfer of ordinary shares in the future depending on the market 
capitalization of the Issuer and other factors.  
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers in relation to the Spanish FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Unicaja Banco 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction 
of Unicaja Banco) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payment”. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.  
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate only. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de 
desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de 
los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1) y domicilio en (   ) en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda):

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (   )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (   )(1) and address in (   ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book-entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by Unicaja Banco. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores ........................................................................................................... 
1.1 
Identification of the securities ........................................................................................................... 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ............. 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos 
al descuento o segregados) ............................................................................................................. 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount 
or are segregated) ............................................................................................................................. 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora  ..................................................................................................................... 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved......................... 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados).

--- Page 166 ---
166 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ........................................................................................................... 
2.1 
Identification of the securities ........................................................................................................... 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ............. 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados .................................................................................................................................... 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated)........................................................................................................................................ 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de … 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of … 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar 
el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be 
included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers. The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, dealers are set out in a 
dealer agreement dated 26 May 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Arranger.  
If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that dealer and any other interest 
of that dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that dealer 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
“Syndicated”, the obligations of those dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the 
names and addresses of those dealers and any other interests of any of those dealers which is material to the 
issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those dealers (including whether any of those dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price 
at which such Notes will be subscribed by the dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of the Arranger and for the appointment of additional or other 
dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche. 
Selling Restrictions  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
Spain 
The Notes may not be sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain other 
than by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the Spanish Securities Market Law and related 
legislation to provide investment services in Spain, and except in compliance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that the offers of Securities in Spain have been and will only be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as defined in Article 205 of the Spanish 
Securities Market Law and Article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, and eligible counterparties 
(contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 207 of the Spanish Securities Market Law.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Prohibition of Sales to UK retail investors 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; 
United Kingdom 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year:  
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or  
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Security in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Security in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax

--- Page 169 ---
169 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of the Securities comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation, and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus) or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), 
except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and any applicable provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including, 
without limitation, any supplement to the Base Prospectus) or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Banking Act”); and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
General 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or 
publishes this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by Unicaja Banco and the Arranger to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
MARKET INFORMATION 
Summary of clearing and settlement procedures 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
such as the Notes of Unicaja Banco. 
Iberclear and BME Clearing 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-
entry form, and the settlement of all trades from the Spanish Stock Exchanges, Latibex (the Latin American 
stock exchange denominated in Euro), the Alternative Stock Market (BME Growth), Alternative Fixed Income 
Market (MARF) and AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platforms named ARCO.  
Iberclear is owned by BME Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Financieros, S.A. (“BME”), a holding company controlled by SIX Group, which holds a 100% interest in each 
of the Spanish official secondary markets and settlement systems. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza 
de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two tier registry: the keeping of the central record corresponds 
to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades 
participantes) in Iberclear. 
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) 
the General Administration and the General Social Security Treasury, (v) other duly authorised central securities 
depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and private entities when 
expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the 
balances of the participating entities’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that 
will show the overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts 
opened in the name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of 
financial intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in 
turn, maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party 
accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
• 
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name; 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name 
of ARCO (for both equity securities and fixed-income securities as from September 2017), receives the 
settlement instructions from AIAF and forwards them to the relevant participating entities involved in each 
transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions must be settled within 
two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a

--- Page 172 ---
172 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities 
held in their name. 
Market Information in relation to the Notes 
Iberclear settlement of securities traded in AIAF 
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the 
book-entry register of securities traded on AIAF. 
Securities traded in AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Spanish Treasury and Spanish regions, among others, 
represented either in a dematerialised form or by certificates. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days 
after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous 
transactions (two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading in AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a “transaction-to-
transaction” cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their participating entities (custodians), a participating 
securities account with Iberclear or their participating entities may hold their investment in the Notes through 
bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. with 
participating entities in Iberclear.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility statement 
Unicaja Banco and the undersigned, Mr. Pablo González Martín, acting in the name and on behalf of Unicaja 
Banco, in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer (Director Financiero) of Unicaja Banco, and acting under a 
special power of attorney granted by the Board of Directors of Unicaja Banco, accept responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and declare, to the best of their knowledge, that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus contains no 
omissions likely to affect its import. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board Directors of the Issuer passed 
on 25 March 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Significant/material change and trend information 
Since 31 December 2021 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank.  
Since 31 March 2022 there has been no significant change in the financial performance or in the financial 
position of the Group.  
Independent auditors 
The Spanish-language standalone and consolidated annual accounts of the Bank have been audited without 
qualification, modification of opinion, disclaimer or an emphasis of matter for each of the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L.’s office is at Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B, Torre PwC, 28046 Madrid (Spain) and is registered 
with the Official Registry for Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas (ROAC)) under number S0242. 
Third party information 
Information included in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced, and 
so far as Unicaja Banco is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Approval of financial information 
The 2021 Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Unicaja 
Banco held on 30 March 2021. 
The 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Unicaja 
Banco held on 31 March 2021. 
The Liberbank 2020 Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of 
Liberbank held on 31 March 2021. 
Documents on display 
Electronic copies of the bylaws (estatutos sociales) of Unicaja Banco (as the same may be updated from time 
to time) may be inspected on Unicaja Banco’s website (https://www.unicajabanco.com/en/gobierno-
corporativo-y-politica-de-remuneraciones/gobierno-corporativo-y-politica-de-remuneraciones/estatutos) 
for 
the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  
For avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the information 
contained on the corporate website of Unicaja Banco does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of Unicaja Banco’s business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
Unicaja Banco’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for 
its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, 
the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of 
the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on 
an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Listing 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. Notes may be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, European 
or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any other organised markets) 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers in relation to the Series. The relevant Final Terms will state 
on which stock exchanges and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. No 
unlisted Notes may be issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer shall procure the admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme within a maximum 
period of 30 days from the issue date of the relevant issuance.  
Paying agency 
For Notes listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the Notes will be carried out directly by Unicaja 
Banco through Iberclear. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Conflicts of Interest  
Certain of the dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not

--- Page 175 ---
175 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
Certain of the dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
In addition, the relevant Final Terms will contain information on the interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issuances. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end 
of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
SIGNATURES 
In witness to its knowledge and approval of the contents of this Base Prospectus drawn up according to Annexes 
7 and 15 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, it is hereby signed by Mr. Pablo González 
Martín, acting in the name and on behalf of Unicaja Banco, in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer (Director 
Financiero) of Unicaja Banco, S.A., in Málaga (Spain), on 26 May 2022.

--- Page 177 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF UNICAJA BANCO 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Avenida de Andalucía 10-12 
29007 Málaga 
Spain 
 
ARRANGER 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA – Edificio Asia 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Unicaja Banco as to Spanish law  
To the Joint Lead Managers as to Spanish law  
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Calle Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.  
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain  
 
AUDITORS TO UNICAJA BANCO 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
Torre PwC  
28046 Madrid 
Spain